ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

(f*******»-**4e**************************»****#*******»

1 !,u b#i»

••

Can. 105.

An Act for continuing, altering, and enlarging the Powers of fo much of an A6t of His prefent Ma-jelly, as relates to making effectual the Statute Labour in the Shire of Invernefs, and levying a Con-verfion of Money in lieu thereof, and Other wife regulating, making, and repairing Highways and Bridges in the faid Shire.	[i8thJune 1808.]

WHEREAS an Aft paffed in the Thirty-third Year of His pre-fent Majefty’s Reign, intituled, <c An Aft for making effeftual “ the Statute Labour in the Shire of Invernefs, and for levy-ft ing Converfon Money in lieu of Labour, and for otherwife regulating, “ making, and repairing'Highway's an'd Bridges in the faid Shire j and 4< for improving, widening, and lighting the Streets within the Royal “ Burgh of Invernefswill expire at the. End of the prefent Seftion of Parliament and it is expedient that the Powers thereof, fo far as relates to the making effeftual the Statute Labour, arid levying a GonverGon of Mo-, ney in lied thereof; and regulating, making, and repairing Highways, Bridges, and Ferries in the faid County, ftiould be continued, altered, and enlarged: And whereas certain Roads and Bridges are alfo now making, or are about to be made, in the Shire of Invernefs, purfuant to an Aft paffed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled “An Aft for granting to His Majefty the Sum of Twenty thou-“ fand Pounds to be iflued and applied towards making Roads and build-“ ing Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland; and for enabling the Pro-prietors of Land in Scotland to charge their Eftatcs with a Proportion [Loc. & Per.]	231	of

33 Geo. j.

43 Geo.

. 86.

2.058

44 Geo. 3. c. ?5-

Repealing Aft fo far as relates to Statute Labour.

Nomination of Truftees.

Qualification ol Factors.

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 105.

t£ of the Expence of making and keeping in repair Roads and Bridges m “ the Highlands of Scotland:'* and another Aft palled in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, cc An Aft for <l aftefling the Proprietors of Lands in the County of lnvernejs to-tc wards the Expence of making and fupporting fuch Roads and <c Bridges therein, as (hall be approved of by the Commiftioners ap-ec pointed by an Aft of the lad Sefiion of Parliament for making Roads <c and building Biidgesinthe Highlands of Scotland And whereas it is further neceflury that fo foon as the faid Roads and Bridges, or any of them, fh-all have been completed, that due Provifion fhould be made for keeping them in fufficient Repair, may it therefore pleafe your Mi-jefty, That it may be enafted, and be it enacted by the King's mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this prefent Parliament alkm-blcd, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Aft, the faid recited Aft, fo far as relates to the making effeftual the Statute Labour, and levying a Converfion of Money in lieu thereof, and regulating, making, and repairing Highways, Bridges, and Ferries in the faid County, (hall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

II.	And be it enafted, That every Heritor in the County of lnvernejs, qualified to be a Commiflioner of Supply, though not named in any Aft or Afts of Parliament, appointing Commifiioners of Supply for the faid Shire, and the Faftor of every fuch Heritor in the Abfence of his Conftituent; as alfo every Heritor pofteffing landed Property, fituate within the faid Shire, yielding Oner hundred Pounds of real Rent, after dedufting public Burdens, and the Heir Apparent, if of lawful Age, of fuch Heritor pofiefted of Land in the faid Shire, yielding Rent to the Amount of double the faid Qualification, One of any Number of Guardians of each Minor, pofiefling Lands within the faid Shire of the Value of One hundred Pounds Scots ; One of any Number of Truftees upon any Eftate of the faid Shire, of the faid Valuation, vefled in Truft; and alfo the Provoft, Baillks, and Dean of Guild of the Burgh of lnvernejs, and the Jufticesof the Peace for the Shire of lnvernejs, (hall be Truftees for repairing and keeping in repair any Hoad or Bridges made, or to be made, purluant to the faid in part recited Afts, pafted in the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, or either of them, and for making and repairing the other Highways, Roads, and Bridges within the faid Shire, and for executing all other Powers given and granted by this Aft.

III.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That no fuch Faftor (hall be capable of acting as a Truftee in the Execution of this Aft, unleJs he ihall be qualified to aft as a Commiflioner of Supply for the faid County, or unlefs he (hall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the aftual Poftcflion or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands or Heritages of the clear yearly Value of Twenty-five Pounds per Annum-, or bepofteftd of and entitled to a perfonal Eftate alone, or real and per-fonal Eftate together, of the Value of Five hundred Pounds; nor (hall any (uch Faftor, not qualified to be a Commilfioner of Supply, be capable of afting in the Execution of this Aft, untill he (hall have taken and fubferibed the Oath following, before any Two or more of the faid

Truftees,

2059

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 105.

Truftees, who arc hereby authorized and required to adminifter the fame ; that is to fay,

< T	do	fwear,	That I truly and bona fide am, in my

own Right, (<?r, in the Right of my Wife, as the Cafe may be) in the c adual Pofleflion or Enjoyment of Lands or Heritages of the clear

*	yearly Value of Twenty-five Pounds: or ppflcfled of, or entitled to a e perfonal Eftate alone, or real and perfon il Efface together, of the

*	Amount or Value of Five hundred Pounds

* So help me GOD.*

IV.	And be it enaded, That if any Perfon, not having the Qualification, or not being of the Defcription aforefaid, (hall ad as a Truffee, every fuch Perfon Ihall, for every fucli ading, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds Sterling, to be applied for Reparation of the Roads lying within that Diftrid in which he has aded.

V.	And be it further enaded, That the Lid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, (hall, in order to carry this Ad into Execution, meet at bivernefs upon the Third Tuejday of July, One thoufand eight hundred and eight, and thereafter yearly, upon fuch Day and at fuch Place as the Commiffioners of Supply for the faid Shire of Invernefs fhall be direded by the Land Tax Ad of the Year then current, to afiemble for the Purpofes of afiefiing the Land Tax, and of chufing a Convener, Colledor, and Clerk ; and that it (hall be competent for the Truftees, fo aflembled at the aforefaid Annual General Meetings, to divide the Shire into fuch Number of Diftrids as to them (hall feem expedient for the more eafy and effcdual Execution of the Powers hereby granted, which Divifion of Diftrids (hall continue till altered by a fubfequent General Meeting of the Shire, upon the Petition or Application of Heritors in any Diftrid to the Amount of Two-thirds of the valued Rent of the fame, or upon Complaint made to a General Meeting, and proved to the Satisfaction of a fubfequent General Meeting, that the Truftees in any Diftrid have been negligent in the Execution of the Powers committed to them by this Ad; and every fuch Petition, or Application and Complaint, fhall firft be intimated to the Convener or Conveners interefted in the Divifion, ac leaft Six Months previous to the General Meeting, at which it is to become the Subjed of Deliberation; and the Trultees aflembled as aforefaid (hall have power, and they are hereby empowered, to adjourn to the next or any after lawful Day cr Days, if they fhall fee Caufe to do fo, and to name a Prefes or Chairman of their Meeting, and a Clerk during Pleafure, with fuch Salary as they fhall think proper, who (hall attend at the Meetings of the laid Truftees, and (hall enter their whole Proceedings regularly in a Book to be kept for that Purpofe, and (hall fend a Duplicate of the Proceedings of the Annual General Meetings within Ten Days after fuch Meeting to the Convener or Clerk of each Diftrid ; and (hall like wife, as often as required by any Perfon or Perfons having an In-cercft in the fame, make and give out Copies and Extrads of the Orders and Proceedings of the Truftees at fucli certain moderate Fee for the fame as (hall be fixed by the faid Truftees in a General Meeting affem-bled; and that fuch Extrads or Copies (hall contain the Warrant for putting thofc Orders into Execution; and that the faid Truftees at their

Firft

Penalty on acting if not qualified.

Meetings of Trultees.

General Meeting to divide the Shire into Diftrifls.

Clerk to fend Duplicates of the Proceedings within Ten Days to the Convener or Clerk* of Diliridts.

2060

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. lot.

Firfl General or Adjourned Meeting aforefaid, and in all their fubfequent Annual General Meetings or Adjourned Meetings aflembied, ffiall have Power, and they are hereby empowered and required, to nominate and appoint early and convenient Times and Places for the Firfl: Meeting of the Truflees in each Year within their refpeftive Diflrifts ; and the Di(lri£\Meer- Truftees at fuch Didrift Meetings alTembled Ihall have Power afterwards irgs may ad- t0 adjourn as thev fhall fee 'Caufe, and alfo to make Subdivifions of their make Sub	refpeftive Dill rifts for the more eafy Collection of the bunds, and for

divisions.	conducting the feveral Roads therein as after mentioned, if they Ihall think

proper.

VI.	And it is hereby declared and enafted, That it Ihall be deemed fuffi-cient to conftitute any Trnfteeas aforefaid a Member of a Diflrift Meeting. that he has landed Property to the Amount before fpecified within the fame, or that he has refided within fuch Diflrift Six Months of the A ear preceding the faid Meeting.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon not qualified as aforefaid, or not of the Dcfcription aforefaid, (hall neverthelefs prefume to aft as a Truftee, fuch Perfon Ihall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and

Qualification PaY die Sum of Ten Pounds Sterling, befides the Expence of Prole-ua i ca ion. cutjon^ to rcc0vcred by any of the Truftees duly qualified in Manner after directed, to be recovered by Complaint in a fummary Way, before the Juflices of the Peace at their Quarter Scflions, or before the Sheriff Depute of the County of Invernejs> or his Subiliture, and to be applied for the Ufe and Repair of the Roads in the faid County, as a General Meeting (hall direftj and in cafe of fuch Complaint, the Proof of the Qualification fhall lie upon the Perfon complained of.

Requifite Qualification of Diltr.a Truitees.

Penalty on Perfons aft-ing without

The Truf* VIII. And be it further enafted, Thar the Truftees of the different Dif-reesof Dif- trifts (hall fuperintend the repairing, and keeping in repair, the laid Roads tridts to have made, or to be made, porfuant to the laid iri part recited Afts palled in Superin-	foe Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His prclcnt

Roads'and	Majefty, or either of them, fo foon as the fame (hall be completed, and

Bridget and (hall fuperintend, and have the Direftion and Cognizance of the leveral Ferries with, o'her Roads and Bridges, and Ferries, within their refpeftive Diltrifts, in the fame. ancj Q,a|| have Power (under the Reftriftions after-mentioned) to appoint the Order in which the faid Roads and Bridges Ihall be made and repaired, and to appropriate the Monies to be exafted and railed by virtue of this Act for the Purpofes thereby intended.

IX.	And be it further enacted. That the faid Truftees, in Diftrict Meet-Diftrift ings affemblcd> be> and arc hereby impowered to appoint a Ptefes Truftees. and Convener, Collector or Collectors (or each Diftrict ; as alfo to appoint a Clerk, and fuch other Officers for each Diftrict, as may be ne-Diftrifl Col- ceffary; and that the Collectors Ihall grant fufficient Security for their In-lec“rs[u'° tromiffions, and that the Convener of fuch refpective Diftrict Meetings cient'secu- 01:111 bave I‘owcrs and hc is hereby empowered and directed to call Mcct-rhy.	ings of the Truftees for the faid Diftricts, as often as he (hall be required

Convener by any Two Truftees within fuch Diftrict, upon Ten Days previous to call Meet- Notice to be given at the Church Doors within the Diftrict, or pcrlonally mured by any b7 the faid Convener, or by a Writing fubferibed by him, left at the TwoTruf- Dwelling-houlc of fuch Truftees, and to adjourn the Meetings fo called

from

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 105.	2061

from Time to Time, and that all Queftions arifing among the faid Truf- Such Meet, tees, at fuch Diftrict Meetings afiembled, fhall be carried and deter- ings may mined by a Majority of the Truftees prefcnt ac filch Meeting.	adjourn.

X.	Providing always, That it fhall be lawful for any One Truftee to ^

act at the aforel'aid Diftrict Meetings, in cafe the other Truftees do not more"^ attend.	not attend.

XI.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enacted, That it fhall be Any!1bfent lawful for, and in the Power of any abfrnc Truftee, being an Heritor Truftee tc qualified as afore faid, to act or vote by his Factor, qualified as afore faid, vote by generally authorized to act for him in ail Matters regarding his Property Proxy-

in the faid Shire, or by Proxy to be by him given to any other Truftee appointed under this Act, attending and voting in Pcrfon at any One of the General or Diftrict Meetings ; and that the Vote of the faid Factor or Proxy fhall have the fame Force and Effect as if given by the abfenc Truftee, had he been perfonally prefent: Provided alfo, That no Factor or Mandatory fhall have Power to vote for more than One Con-fticuent or Mandanc.

XII.	And be it further enacted, Thar all Meetings uhder the Authority Truftees to of this Act fhall begin to be held at Twelve of the Clock at Noon, and defray their not earlier, and each Member fhall defray his own Expenccs ; but without ownExpence. difabling or reftraining the faid Truftees from giving an Allowance to Collectors, Clerks, Overfeers, or other Officer?, for their Trouble,

liable to the Examination and Control of the Genera! Meeting.

XIII.	And be it further enacted. That the faid Truftees, at Diftrict Power of Meetings affembled, fhall have Power, and are hereby empowered to Diftrict appoint Overfeers, Surveyors, and other Officers, within their refpective Tru^ees t0 Diftricts, fubject always to the Control < f the General Meeting; and Overfeers that the faid Overfeers and Surveyors may, by the Truftees of their re- Surveyors’ fpective Diftricts, or any Two of them, being Juftices of the Peace, &c-

be made Conflables for the ipecial Purpofe of acting as Conftables in the Bufinefs of Highways, Roads, Bridges, and Ferries, and for that Pur- who .ma>' be pofe only ; ar.d the Perfons fo appointed fhall be obliged to accept the conftatdes Office of Surveyor or Ovcrfeer as aforefaid, under the Penalty of Five for ibe Pur-Pounds Sterling each, to be levied in cafe of Rcfufal upon a Complaint pofesof this againft him or them, at the Suit of any Heritor in the faid Shire, 2t the Act*

Quarter Scffions, or before the Sheriff Depute of die County, or any of his Subflicutcs.

XIV.	Provided always. That the Truftees, at their General Annual Collector to Meetings, fhall have Power, and they are hereby empowered to name and be°appo!nted appoint a Collector or Collectors for uplifting and receiving the Affcff- to grant ments laid on the Heritors of the County, as hereafter mentioned, with Security-, the Exception of the Royal Burgh of Invernejs, and the Lands and Fifh-

ings holding of the Burgh ; and for uplifting and receiving the unuplifted or unapplied Commutation Money of fuch Diftrict or Diftricts, as fhall neglect to uplift and apply the fame as hereinafter mentioned, the Sums to be fo uplifted to be applied for the Purpofe hereaf er t xpreffed j and in like Manner, that the Truftees witnin the Burgh of Invernejs, and of Lands holding of the Burgh, fhall have Power, ac their Firft Meeting after

1Loc. fc? Per.]	23 K	°	the

20&2

Aflefiir.enr, to what Extent and how leviable.

Afleffment to be increafed or diminilhed

pedient.

Afleffment

ceed Two-

Pound of Rent of Salmon F:lh-ings.

Truftees may compound

Britilh Fifhery So-

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 105.

the Thirtieth Day of April yearly, fubject to the Control of the General Meeting; and they arc hereby empowered to name and appoints Collector for uplifting and receiving the Aflefiments laid on the Heritors of Lands and Fifhings, holding of the (aid Royal Burgh of Invernejs, and any unuplifted or unapplied Afielfment °r Commutation Money within the fame, which Collector or Collectors, fhall find Security to the Satisfaction of the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them prefent at fuch General and Diflrict Meetings of the County and Burgh, with Power to the faid Truftees, at any after Annual Meetings, to remove the faid Collectors, and appoint others in their Stead, who fhall find Security as aforcfaid.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That there fhall be levied upon all Lands, Tenements, and Heritages, within the faid County, yearly, a Sum not exceeding Sixpence and not lefs than Two- pence Sterling in the Pound Sterling of real Rents, after deducting therefrom ail public and parochial Burdens, as the fame (hall be after tain ed by any Committee to be appointed by the Annual General Meeting, or any Adjournment thereof, after receiving the Reports of the faid Diftiices, or their failing to give in Reports as after-mentioned, which Afleffment fhall be payable by the Heritors of the Lands and Tenements reflectively, whether fituated in the County, or held of the Royal Burgh of Invernejs, including Salmon Fifhings, with the Exception of the Houfes in the Town of Invernejs, and fhall be levied on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of diarchy in every Year by the Collectors to be appointed puriuant to this A£t, or by fuch Perlon or Perfons to whom fuch Afleffment may be afligned or transferred in Manner hereafter mentioned, and that where Lands, Salmon Fifhings, or Tenements are life-rented, the faid Afleffment fhall be paid by the Life-renter or Life-renters refpectively.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it enacted. That the Truftees of each Diftridt, at their Firft Annual Meeting as aforefaid, fhall be, and arc hereby empowered and directed, fubjedt to the Control of the General Meeting, to lower the faid Afleffment of Sixpence Sterling to anv Sum not lefs than Two-pence Sterling in the Pound Sterling, of Lands, Tenerm nts, and other Heritages aforefaid, within their refpedtive Diftrids, for any One Year, or Number of Years, as to them fhall feem proper, and again to raife the fame to any Sum not exceeding Sixpence as aforefaid.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it further enadted. That the Afleffment to be levied on Salmon Fifhings fhall not, at any Time, exceed Twopence in the Pound Sterling, of the real Rent thereof.

XVIII.	Provided alfo, and be it enadled. That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Truftees, and they are hereby empowered to receive from the Britilh Society for extending the Fifheries, and improving the Sea Coafts of this Kingdom, an annual Compofuion in lieu of any Afleffment to be levied upon the Lands belonging to the faid Society, and in lettling the Amount of fuch Compofltion due Regard fhall be had to the Ecu Duties payable by fuch Society to their Superiors, the Salary allowed to their Superintendanr, the Sums required to keep their Pier and Build-flings in repair, and other C.ircumftanccs attending the Eftablilhment.

■ C	/	I	/	Vi	‘	M	.

XIX. Provided

48°GEORGII HI. Cap. 105.	2063

XIX.	Provided always, and it is hereby enafled and declared. That each Proportion Heritor or Life-renter (hall have Relief from the principal Tackfnen or ,^a)'ab,e by Tenants, for One-Half of the Aficfl'ment aforcfaid, to be proportioned	’

on the Amount of the real Rents payable by each of them refpeflively, and that principal Tackfmen (hall have Relief from their Sub-tenants in the like Manner, according to a juft and fair Proportion to be fixed and determined by the Truftees of the Diftrifts refpeflively.

XX.	And be it further enafted. That all Houfeholders, Cottars, La- Comimitatio* bourers, Boatmen, Tradefmen, Artificers, and their Journeymen, or JJ°uf-hold-Apprentices above Eighteen Years of Age, or Houfeholders, whether in cr!j &c. the Royal Burgh of Inverne/s, or in the County ; and all other Perlons above Eighteen Years of Age, refiding within the Laid County, not paying an AITcirment in refpedl of their Lands, in Manner aforefaid, lhall, in lieu of the Statute Labour formerly exigible from them, pay an annual Affeffmenc, not lefs than Three Shillings, and not exceeding Nine Shillings, to be augmented or diminifhed by the Diftridt Meetings, in any or all of the Dillricts fubject to the Controul of the General Meetings.

XXI.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, Tenantjin That when the Proportion of Relief exigible from any Tenant, (hall not every Cafe amount to the Commutation Money payable in his or her Diftrict, by "ot 10 Par each Cottar, Labourer, and others as aforefaid, in that Event the Dif- Hoafehold-ference lba)l be payable to the Collector of the Diftrict by fuch Tenant, crs. fo that no Tenant for himfclf and Servants (hall pay lefs individually, than a Cottar, Labourer, or Artizan.

XXII.	Provided alfo, and be it enacted. That hired labouring Servants Labouring

for a Term of not lefs than Six Months, in the Service ol Proprietors Servants and Tenants, (hall be wholly exempted from any Commutation, the fame hir'd for a being included in the Payment made by their refpective Matters, in Man- toPropJeV™ net aforefjid.	tors, &c.

exempted.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That every Heritor or Life-renter of Lids of Rents Lands and Tenements, including Fifhings, whether valued in the tobcdeliver-Countv, cr held of the Royal Burgh of Invernejs, or the Factor of eii t0

fuch Heritor or Life-renter, (hall furnilh to the Collector of his or her tor!' relpective Diftrict,’ within which the faid L’nds and Tenements and Fiftiings, are fituated, on or before the Twentieth Day of June yearly, a Lift of the net real Rents payable to them as aforefaid, and of the refpective Tenants, and the Rent payable by each of them, Together with the Value or Rent for which Lands and Tenements, in the Heritor’s Occupation, would let on a Leafe of Nineteen Years, except in Cafes where Proprietors are limited to a fliorter Period, in which Cafe the Rene is to be alcertained according to luch Limitation ; and in Default of fuch Lifts or Returns being fo made, it (hall be lawful for the Trullees of the Diftrict, at any Meeting to be held by them between the Twentieth Day of June and the lad Day of July yearly, to afeertain the Amount of the Rentals, or Rents, or Profits of the Heritors or Life-renters making Default, and to aliefs them according to the bell of their Know>led.>e or Information.

XXIV.	And in refpect that there are confiderable Quantities of Bear or Eftimateof

Bioo Victual Rent.

2064-

Lifts to be !aid before Diftrict Meeting.

Houfehold* ers, &c.

be difpofed

4H“GEORGII III. Gap. 105.

Blag, and Oatmeal payable in Kind to the Landlords in fome of t-he Districts ; Be it enacted, That in order to fimphfy fuch Returns to be made to the Collector, fuch Boll of Victual Rent lhall be efli mated agreeable to the fair Prices of the County for the Year preceding.

XXV.	And be it further enacted, That the Collector of fuch Diftricts fhall lay the Lifts or Returns to be furnifhed him by the Heritors or Life-renters as hereby required, before the Firft Diftrict Meeting, to be held after the Twentieth Day of June yearly, for the Purpofe of having fuch Returns corrected, and the Quantum of AflVfTnent afcercained ; and fuch Diftrict Collector fhall alfo, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds Sterling, tranfmit a Duplicate of fuch Returns, after being fo corrected or approval of by a Diftrict Meeting, with the Minutes, afeertaining the Quantum of AlfcfiVnenr, within Ten Days after fuch Correction or Approval, to the Clerk of the, General Meetings, who is hereby directed, under a fimilar Penalty, to liy fuch Returns before the next General Meeting, or of the Committee to be appointed as aforefaid, for the Purpofe of afeertaining the AflcfTment to be levied by the General Collector as aforefaid ; and failing of fuch Returns being made to the Clerk of the General Meetings, before the Firft ‘t'uefday of Augujl yearly, the Laid Clerk of the General Meetings fhall thereupon write to the Convener, and, in his Abfence, to any ocher Truftee in the Diftrict fo failing, demanding fuch corrected Lifts or Return5, and Minute, to be forthwith trunfmitced to him; and, in cafe fuch Lifts or Returns, and Minute, fhall hot be tranfmitted to the Clerk of the General Meetings before the General Meeting hereby appointed to be held annually on the Day on which the Freeholders of the County of Invemejs hold their Michaelmas Head Court yearly, ic fhall be lawful tor the laid Michaelmas

LLad Court, or any annual or adjourned General Meeting, or of a Committee to be appointed as aforefaid, to afeertain the Kents of the Heritors and Life-renters of the Diftrict in Default, according to the beft of their Knowledge or Information, and to aftcls them at the higheft Race of AfTcfTmcnL allowed by chis Act.

XXVI.	And be ic further enacted. That the refpective Collectors of Diftrifts (hall make out a Charge againft Houfeholders, fmallTenants, Cottars, and other Pcrfons liable to the Converfion hereby directed to be levied within their Diftricts, and after being approven of bv a Diftrict Meeting, fhall levy the A mount of the faid Charge againft each of them in Manner after-mentioned.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Objection confidered to be valid fhall be ftated at the Meeting of the Truftces of any Diftrict to 2ny Return which fhall have been made to the Collectors, the Truftces shall have Power to call the Occupiers of Land or others making fuch objectionable Returns before them, with fuch Witnelles as may be thought ncceflary, by whom they are to take Proof of the Rents or other Matters which require to be invefligated, and alter fuch Proof, luch Truftces fhall make an Aireftrnent which fhall be final for that Year’s Charge, lubject only to the Controul of the General Meeting.

XXVIII.	And be it enacted, That no Clergyman, on account of his Manfe and Glebe, nor any Parochial Schoolrnalter or SchooJmafters, employed

48° GEORGJI III. Cap. 105.	2064

ployed by the Society for propagating Chriftian Knowledge on account of millers er-his School-houfe or Allowance of Ground as directed by the Rules of the	s*r-

(aid Society,’ nor any Teacher of the Invernefs Academy, (ball be liable Vants and for the Converfion hereby directed to be levied ; but if fuch Clergyman, Farms. Schoolmafter, or Teacher (hall have any Man Servant, every fuch Clergyman, Schoolmafter, or Teacher (ball, for every fuch Servant, be liable in the Converfion payable by Cottars; or if any fuch Clergyman, Schoolmafter, or Teacher fhall have any Farm diftinct from the Glebe or Allowance of Ground as aforefaid, every fuch Clergyman, School-mafter, or Teacher (hall pay or relieve the Heritor in proportion to the Rene of the Lands they fo hold, as other Heritors or Occupiers of Land arc hereby bound to do.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted. That theTruftees of each D!(lri6t, TndigentPer-or the Majority of thofe affemblrd at the Firft Annual Meeting thereof, ions may be (hall have Power to excufe indigent Perfons from Payment of the Con- exemPted« vcrlion hereby allowed.

XXX.	And be it further enacted, That each Diftrict Collector fhall

ke«-p a diftinct and feparate Account of the Money levied in each Diftrict, keep diitinct and fhall not allow any Perfons, liable in the Converfion hereby allowed, to Accounts, run in Arrrar, blit fhall punctually execute the Orders given by the General M« etings of the Truftees, or thofe of Diftrict Meetings with relptctco h vying the (aid Converfion, under the Penalty that each Collector fhall be perfonally liable and anfwerable for the Deficiency, who fhall fail to do what is hereby required for the Recovery thereof, in Manner herein directed.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, That every Perfon liable in Payment Perfons ne.

of the laid Converfion or Commutation Money granted by this Act, who 8lecVnP or fhall neglect or ret’ufe to makePaymentthereof when required, at fuch Time	^ith

as the fame fhall be demanded, or within Tm Days after Rcquifition made to the Terms of them,eitherperfonally or at theirDwcllingPlaces, or by Advertifementatthe the Act. Parilh ChurchesonSaWdy, fhall be liable in double Payment; and in cafe any

Perfon, liable in the Converfion granted by this Act, fhall refufe or delay to make Payment of the fame in the Manner herein directed. Application fhall thereupon be made by each Collector refpectively to any Two or more Juftices of the Peace of the fnd Shire, who, upon a Certificate under ihe Hand of fuch Collector, that fuch Perfon or Perfons has or have not paid fuch Converfion as hereby required, are hereby authorized and required to grant a Warrant under their Hands for feizing the Effects of every fuch Perfon, and for poinding and diftraining the fame; and that the Officer, to whom the fame fhall be directed, (hall fummarily feize and diF train the readied Goods and Effects of every fuch Perfon, and (hall, at the End of Three Days after fuch Did refs, fell the fame by Public Auction to the higheft Offerer at the next adjoining Village, or ncareft Place proper fora Public Sale, moft convenient for the Sale of the Effects fo diftiained for Payment of the fame, for which fuch Perfon (hall be liable to pay pur-fuant to this Act, and of the neceffary Charges and Expences attending fuch Diftrefs and Sale, rendering the Overplus, if any be, upon Demand, to the Owner; and in cafe fufficient Diftrefs cannot be found, or fuch payment and Charges (hall not be forthwith made, it (hall be lawful for any Two or more Juftices of the Peace of the laid County, and they

2o66

4.&0 GE OR G11 III. Cap. 105.

are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hand?, to Defaulters caufe the Perfon fo in default, to be committed to the common Jail of may be mi- the County or Diftriet until Payment, for any Period not exceeding exceeding10* Three Calendar Months, and no Sufpenfion, Complaint, or Action (hall Three Laien- flop the Execution of fuch Warrants or Paymcnrs of the Converfion dar Months, hereby granted ; hiving always, ncverthelefs, to the Parties, their Redrels Redrefs com- from the Perfon bv whom they fhall have been aggrieved j and in cafe any petent to Heritor or Liferenter fiiall fail to make Payment of the AflelTment hcre-t em:	by granted, on or before the Twenty-fifrh Day of March yearly, to the

in^tcTcnm!" General Collector, every fuch Heritor or Liferenter fhall be liable in ply with this Double the Amount of fuch AfTcffment, to be recovered by the laid Ge-Act.	neral Collector, by all Ways and Methods known in the Law of Scotland.,

which fhall not be flayed by any Sufpenflon, Complaint, or Action, un-lefs upon Confignarion of a Sum equal to fuch double AfTelTmenr, in the Office of the Bank of Scotland, or of the Britifli Linen Company ac Invernejs \ rcfcrving neverrhelcL to every fuch Perfon aggrieved his Re-drcls irom the Perfon by whom he fhall have been aggrieved -t and in cafe any principal Tackitnan, Tenant or Sub-Tenant fliall fail to make Payment of their refpeecive Proportions of the AflTeflmenr hereby granted, on or before the Twency-fifth Day oi March yearly, each fuch principal Tackf-man, Tenant and Sub-Tenant fhall be liable in a Sum equal to Double fuch proportion; and every Heritor and Liferenter, paying fuch Proportion, or Double the Amount thereof, fhall and may recover the fame from the principal Tacklman; and the principal Tackfman fhall and may recover the fame from the Tenant or Sub-Tenant liable therefore, in the fame Manner, and by all the Ways and Methods which arc hereby given to the General Collector.

Budgate.

Penalty on XXXII. And be it further ena<5fed, That in cafe any Colleflor fhall ^oII'cr'o°nra_c,‘ wrongfully charge any Perfon as a Defaulter, or poind and diftrain his Ef-ftIyW'0”g"	and	be conviflcd thereof before any Two or more Juft ices of the

Peace of the laid County, or at the Quarter Seftions, the faid Juftices dial! award againft tvtry fuch Colleftor to the Perfon fo aggrieved double the Sum lor which he or flic fliall be fo charged, or (haTl have their Effedts poinded or diftraintd for ail Expences attending the fame.

Excrmbron XXXIII. And whereas the I.ands o( Dunmaglafs, with the united Pact Donma- ‘ ri(1,<:s of Davict and Dunlicbity though valued and paying Land Tax, in the glafs ard the County of Nairn, are fituated in the Middle of Lands in the Shire of Lands of Invernefs ; and in like Manner the Lands of Budgate, within the Parifti of Calder, though valued and paying Land Tax in the Shire of laverneft, lie more contiguous to the Shire of Nairn, and on this Account it would be convenient and of public Utility, that an Exchange or Excambeon fhould take place with refpea to thofe Lands as after-mentioned • Be it therefore cnafled. That the faid Lands of Dunmaglafs and the Inhabitants thereof lhall in future pay the AITefTmenc and Convc.fion hereby granted in the Shire of Invernefs, and be fubjea to the fame Conditions and Penalties which are by this Aa, with Reference to Lands fituated therein ; and the, faid Lands of Budgate fhall, in like Manner, perform Statute Labour in the Shire of Nairn; and each of the faid Lands lhall be fubjea to the Jurifdiaion of the Juftices of the Peace, Commiflioncrs of Supply, and Truftees for the Roads of the refpeaive Shires to which they arc lo transferred, fo far as regards the laid Statute Labour, and the

Convcrfion

2067

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 105.

Convention and Affeffment, but in every other refpe& fuch Lands fhall remain as they were before the patling of this Ad, Parts of the Shires to which they refpedively belong.

XXXIV.	And be it further enaded, That the refpedive Diftrid Meet- JJiftnct ^ ^ ings (hall annually, on or before the lad Tue/dayxn March, make up an exad

and regular Report, containing the Number of Pcrfons liable in Pay- Accounts, mcnc of the Converfion hereby granted, and an Account of the whole and report Money received and expended on the Highways, Roads, Bridges, Qjays, annually. Ferries, and Piers, in each Diftrid, and the Work performed, and the Offences committed againft this Ad for the preceding Year within the Diftrid under their Diredions refptdivelv; and fuch Report, figned by the Such Report® Prcfes and Clerk of the refpedive Diftrid Meetings, Hi ill be tranfmit- t*eclerk, ted by the laid Clerk to the Clerk of the General Meeting, at leaft and tranf-Eight Days before the General Meeting in every Year, and (hall be en- mitted to the tcred by the Clerk of the General Meeting in his Book, and laid before	the

the Truftces at their faid General Meeting; and in cafe of Failure, to Meeting> make and tranlmic fuch Reports, or in cafe of any fuch Report not who (hall being fatisfactory to the faid General Meeting, either with regard to the enter the levying <>r applying of the Money hereby granted, the Diftrid fo g^In u failing fhall not receive any Portion of the Monies to be levied therein, ' in the fuccccding Year; but all fuch Monies fhall be at the Difpofal of o^aWnguf the General Meeting, and be applied in any other Diftrict as fuch Ge- repo:t. neral Meecing ihall direct; and fuch General Meeting is hereby empowered todilpofe of the fame accordingly, and for that Purpnfe to appoint Collectors for levying the fame, who fhall haVe the like Power, ana be fubjt-cc to the fame Regulations and Penalties as if appointed by the Diltrict Meeting.

XXXV.	And be it further enacted. That in cafe the Funds of any of the Power of aforefaid Diftricts, to the Amount of One Year’s Collection, (hall remain aPPly‘ng unappropriated for the Space of Twelve Months after the refpective j^Q^yrUte Times of Collection thereof, all fuch unappropriated Money (ha 11 be at

the Difpofal of the Truftces, at their next General Annual Meeting.

XXXVI.	And be it further enafled, That the whole Converfion in the Converfion Pound Sterling of real Rent, Ihall, after Deduction of neceffary Charges, be of Affeffment paid, or accounted for by the General Meeting or Collector thereof, to how to be the Diftrict Collector, or any Perfon authorized by the Truftees of aPPie

the Diftrict Meetings refpectively, to receive the fame, and fhall, with the Converfion or Commutation Money, leviable within the Diftricts refpectively as aforefaid, be applied to the making and repairing, cleanfing, widening, and extending the feveral Roads, Bridges, and Ferries; and in •repairing the Streets, and improving Quays and Piers upon Public Ferries within their refpective Diftricts; and for erecting Mile Scones and Guide Pods upon the Road within the Diftrifls refpectively, from and /n which the fame (hall be levied ; and the Expenditure thereof fhall be under the Management of the Truftees of the Diftricts refpectively, in Manner directed by this Act.

XXXVII.	And whereas great Inconvenience has been often experien- "fer-

ced for want of proper Powers to make new Roads, alter the Direction of	who*

improper Roads, and to lhut up ufelefs ones, Be it therefore enacted, {hall report to

That a General Meeting.

2g6£	4b0	GEORG	11 IIL Cdp. 105.

That it fiialJ be lawful to the laid Diftrict Meetings, or to any Truftee thereof, to apply, by Petition, to any of the General County Meetings to be held in virtue of this Act, to have fuch Alterations made, which General Meeting (bail thereupon name a Committee of Five Truftees, Two being Jufbces of the Peace, along with a qualified Surveyor, whofe Report (hall be upon Oath, (which Oath any One fuch Juftice is hereby empowered to adrriniffer), to infpcct fuch Roads,’ and report their Opinion thereon, and (hall order the Petition to be intimated Two Months before the Meeting of fuch Committee, to the Proprietors of the Grounds through which the Roads lead, or are intended to lead, if they refide in the County, or if they do not, to their Factors acting within the fame, and alfo to the Poffcflbrs of fuch Lands, and bv Advcrcifcmcnt at the Church Door of that and the next adjacent Parifh Churches, on oifmifiingof the Congregation; and on a Report being made by fuch Meetin^ to Committee to the next General Meeting, fuch General Meeting (hall hear alH’ar- f-earaH Parties, and may reject luch Report, or may ordain any Road to lies.	be made, or the Diiection of any Road to be altered, or any ufeleis

Road to be fhut up agreeable to fuch Report, with fuch Amendments or Alterations as they (hall deem proper, provided that fuch G neral Metring (hall be fatisfied that fuch Alterations (hall not be prejudicial to the Inrerefts of the County, and provided that fuch new Road, or altered Road, (hall not be carried through any Lawn, Avenue, Garden, Orchard, Pleafure or Nurfery Ground, adjoining to any Manfion-houfe, or within Four hundred Yards of fuch Manfion-houfe, and fuch General Meeting may direct Three of their Number, One being a Juftice of the Peace, to fix the Line of Direction for the new or altered Highway, as directed by the General Meeting, and afcercain the Sum which (hall be given as a Recompmcc by any Heritor receiving Benefit from fuch Road or Alteration, or by the County, to the Perfon or Perfons lutfer-ingthe Damage: It being hereby declared, That fuch new or altered Road (hall not commence until the Sum to be fo fixed as aforefaid (hail be paid, or, in cafe of Rcfufal, configned in the Bank of Scotland's Office at Inverne/s, or in the Office of any Chartered Bank there for tne Time being, and a Receipt from the Agent of fuch Bank (hall be fufficiene Proof of the Confignadon.

fewer to XXXVIII. And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Truftees (hall be, purchafe and they arc hereby empowered to take and acquire, and all Bodies Politic, Lands. Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Heirs of Entail, Hnfbands, Truftees, Tutors, and Curators, and all and every

Per ton and Pcrlbns whatfoevrr, though under any legal Difability or Incapacity, are hereby empowered and required to fell and convey all fuch Land* or'Houfcs as may be neceflary for the making, altering, or widening the faid Roads, or any of them, or for lloring Materials or other, wile, where Ground is neceftary for the Purpoles of this Ad.

For v .lining ; XXXIX. And be it further enacted. That if any fuch Owners or Occu-the Lands. piers (bail not be fatisfied with the Offer made to them by the faid Truftees or (hall refufe to treat in any of thele Cafes, the Amount of the Value or Damages (hall be afeertained by a Jury to be called by the Sheriff Depute of Invernejs,, or his Subftitutes, who, upon Application, are hereby authorized and required to fumcnon a Number of difcreecand fubftancial Perfons, being Ovvncrs and Occupiers of Land, entitled to be Commif-^	fioners

48* GEORGlI III. Gap. 105.	*069

fioners of Supply Within the fil'd County, not lefs than Twenty twoirr Number, to come and appear before him or them at fitch Time and ^laee, as bv their Warrant rind Precept fhall be direeled, Intimation of Ten Days being-given by the Tritflees of fucH Appointment' to the P-» if or Parties concerned, or to his, her, or cheir Agent, and the Number of'Perfons who fhall attend, fhall then be reduced to Eleven, by he Trhffees'and the Proprietor finking off One alternately, beginning on the Part of the Proprietor, or in cafe both Parties fhall fail to .ipfleaf, bv the Sheriff finking off unfil the Number be fo reduced, ahd t c remaining Eleven being duly fwofn, the Sheriff (hall proceed fb ex*mine upon’

<£)ath, in their Prefence, fuch Witneffes as fhall be fimi monrd bv either Party, and upon their Dcpofuion slnd other c vmpecenc Ev'd«*nce, fuch Jury fhall determine the Value o'r Damages to be paid by the laid Truf-rees ■, and their Verdi# fhall be final and cohclufive to ail Parties, without any Power of Appeal, Review, or Sufpenfion whatsoever: And the Sheriff /ball thereupon order Payment to be made of the Sums awarded by the JuVy; arid the O'wnefs arid Occupiers of the Grounds, or etfhcr Subject^, Or their Truftees, Tutors, Curators* or Admini-Ara'tors, upon Payment of lawful Tender thereof, fhali quietly permic and fuffer the Paid Truftees to take Poffcffnn of the Grounds or other Subjects, which they arc authorized to do, as fully and effectually to ail Intents and PurpofeS, as if the Owners'or Occupiers had cxecuced regular Difpofitions of the fame, and thereupon Infeoffmeuc had followed; and the laid Proceedings and Orders of the Sheriffs Depute or their Subftitutcs fhall be final, and not removable or questionable co or by any other Court whatfoever, any Law or Ulagc to end contrary not-withftanding.

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in rhe Event that fuch Expences of Jury fhall award a greater Compenfation than the Truftees fhall hare Jury, offered, but lefs than the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers,

(hall have required* the Expence of fuch Jury fhall be defrayed and borne by the Truftees, and the faid Owner 4r Owners, Occupier or Occupiers equally; but in Cafe the faid Jury lhail award to fuch Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, the Sum fo required, or any greater Sum, the Whole of the faid Expcnce fhall be paid by the faid Truftees ; and on the other Hand, if the faid Jury fhall award the Sum offered by thefaid Truftee9, or a lefs Sum, the Whole of the faid Expence fhall be paid by the faid Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers : Provided always that in all Cafes where any Perfon or Perfons fhall, by realou of Ablence, be prevented from treating with the faid Truftees, fuch Cuffs andiExpences fhali be borne and paid by rhe faid Truftees; Provided alio, That after having offered to the Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands or Houles, luch Sum as the laid Truftees1 fhall think reaibnablc, ic fhall and may be lawful for them co enter into and upon tuch Linds or Houles for the Pu-pofes of this Acc, and no Stop fhall in the mean Time be put to the Operations of the laid Truf-tees, on pretence of feeding the laid Damage, or that they have not been facts fied and paid,

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money -fhali be agreed or Re-inveftine awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, pur- Purchafe S .chafed,,jate>-Or uled by virtue of the Powers of this Acc for the Mooi« if ^Purpof'cs thereof, which are held under Entail, or are fubjecc to Life- a,"0Unting to

[Lgc, & Per.]	23	M	rents.

2070

Jf lcfs than aocl. and exceeding 20I.

48° GEORdit Iti. Cap. 105.

tent?, Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or (hall belong to anjr Corporation, Married Woman, Infant, Lunatic, or Ferfon or Pcrfons under Difability or Incapacity, fuch Money (hall, in cafe the fame lhall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, under the Direction and by the Authority of the Court of Seflinn, be, with all convenient Speed, paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland\ to the Intent that fueh Mcnev (hall be applied, under the Direction and with the Aopfobation of the fdd Court, to be fignified be an Order made upon £ Petition; to"be preferred in a fummary Way by the Perfon or Perlont who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands Tenements, or Heritages, in the Purchafe or Redemption of the Land Taic, or Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the laid Court (hall authotixe to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages Handing lettlcd therewirti to the fame or like Liles, Intents, or Purpofes; or where fuch Muncy lhall not be fo applied, then the fame lhad-be laid out and invefted, under tiie like Direction and Approbation uf the faid Court, in the Purcnafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, which (hail be conveyed and fettled to, for, and opon fuch and the like Ufcs, Trults, Intents and Purpofis, and in che lame Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages which lhall be fo purchal'ed, laktn, or uftd as aforcf'aid, (food fettled or limited, or fuch of them as, at the Time of* making fuch Conveyance and Settlement, fhall be exifting undetermined, and capable of taking Effect j and in the mean Tune, and until fuch Purchafe lhall be made, the lntereft or Annual Produce of fuch Money lhall, Irom time Co lime, be paid by Order ot the faid Court, to the Pcrlon or Peifons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages fo hereby directed to be purchafed, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement, were made.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That ifany Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfon under Difability or Incapacity as aforefaid, (bail be lei's than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and lhall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perf ms for the Time being, entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Heritages fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Tutors or Cun-tors, in Cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under

their refpective Hands, under the like Direction and Authority, De paid

into either of the Bonks, and be placed to his or their Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed* or otherwile the fame fhall be paid, at cite like Option, to Two Truftees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perlons making fuch Option, and approved of by Five or more of the faid Trutlecs, (f ch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that fuch Principal Money, and the Intcrdl arifing thereon, may be applied in any Manner hereinbefore directed, as far as the Cafe be applicable.	*

15	j	XLII	I,	Provided

. *51 Xqo-

SI

“-"rh ^

'7^

' • < Luj r^tte

uAr;. '^Ufe Mtot, * *ki Aa.

«s hi k1-4

~ 0 US

<^kb

tOfluci &3at, ilMo *«t or fuiby . IjtBc ■ Lulls, nak

mtjfa Tinges jingo OtT IS nd Bull

:f fits e, «• :nuges Curs-uader t p*J wot is

«tedi

, T#»

tn«

r [Ml t ip

**r

■0

48° GEORQII HI. Cap. 105.	2071

XLIH. Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, Thar where fuch M '* y 20\. Oey* fo agreed Or awarded to be paid, as next before mentioned, (hall be lefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in dl fuch Cafes the fame dull be applied to the Ufe of the Pcrfon or Perfons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Land>, Tenements, or Heritages fo‘ purchafcd, taken, or ufed for the Purpoies of this Acr, in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees,	or any Two or m >re	of them lhall

think fit ■, or in cafe of Infancy or	Lunacy, then to his,'	her, or their

Tutors or Curators, to and for the Ufe and Bene (it of fuch Pcrfon or Pcr-fons fo entitled refpectivcly.

XLIV. And be it further enaded, That in cafe the Pc-rfon or Perfons to fn caf? of whom any Sum or Sums of Money	lhall be awarded for	the Purchafe	not	making

of Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be purchaled by	virtue of this,	out	rule.

Ad, (hall refufc co accept the fame,	or lhall not be able to	make a good

Title to the PremifcSj to the Satisfadion of the faid Truftees ; or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons, to whom fuch Sum or Sums of M ney fh dl be fo awarded as aforefaid, cannot be found ; or if the Pcrfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, be not known or dif-covered, then, and in every fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees, or any Three or more of them, to order the laid Sum or Sums of Money, fo awarded as aforefaid, to be paid into the Bank oi^Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to.the Credit,of the Parties interefted in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, (deferibing them,) fubjed to the Order, Controui and Difpofition of the Capri of Sefllon * which faid Court, on the Application of any Pcrfon or Perfqns, making claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Petition,

.lhall be and is hereby empowered, in a fummary Way of Proceeding or otherwjfe, as to the fame Court fhall feem meet, to order the lam . co be /aid out and inverted in the public Funds, and to ..order Dirtributinn thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according t > their refpe:-tive Eftate or Eftatcs, Title or Intercft of the Perfon or P. rf .-ns making claim thereunto, andro make fuch other Order in the P.apiifes, as to toe faid Court fhall feem juft and reafonablc ; and the Ciihicr and Cuihicrs of the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, who lhall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and Ipc-cifying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or arc received, to fuch Perlon or Perfons as lhall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money, into the Bank as aforefaid. t

„XLV. And be it further enabled, That where any Queftion fhall arife, where o«ef-touohing the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid into the faid t onsarife Banks, in purfuance of this A£t, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tene- jcr*»i,g d.e ments, or Heritages, or of agy Eftate, Right, or Incereft, in any lule* Tands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be purchafed in purfuance there-.0f, the Pcrfon or Perfons who lhall have been in Polfefiion of fuvh Landsj Tenements, or Heritages, ac the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under che Polfefiion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, fhall be deemed and taken to have been law-.fully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, according to fuch Poflcffion, until che contrary Hull be fhewn co tne Satisfaction of the faid Court of Seflion i and fuch Money, and che Intcrcit thereof, ii)	lhall

2072

Expences in cafe of Disability.

Old Road to be fold.

General Sur-veyor of Roads may be appointed.

and may be removed on wpe Notice.

AlTt Ament for Indemni-fccation for

4fi° GEORGIi III. Cap. 105.

(liall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it (hall be made appear to the faid Court, that fuch Pofleflion was a wrongful Pof-feflion, and that fume other Perl'on or Prrlons was or were lawfully in. titled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or to fome Eftate or In-tereft therein.

XLVI. Provided always, and be irfurther enafted, That where by rea.

(on of any Dilability or Incapacity of the Per!':) - orperfons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be purchafed under the Authority of this Aft, the Purchafe Money for the fame (hall be required to be paid into the faid Ranks, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be fettled to the like Ufes in ptirfuance of this Aft, it (hall be lawful for the faid Court to order the Expences of all Purchafes from Time to Time to be made irt purfuance of this Aft, or fo much of fuch Expences as rhe Court (hall deem reafonable, together with the neceftarv Cods and Charges of obtaining fuch Order, to be paid by the faid Truftees, who (hall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money, for fuch Purpoles as the faid Court (hall direft.

XLVII. And be it enafted, That in cafe the Courfe of any of rhe faid Roads (hall be altered as aforefaid, the faid Truftees in cheir Diftrift Meetings, (hall, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, as foon as the New Roads (hall be completed and made paffable an 1 convenient for Carriages, to fell the Ground of the Old or former Road to the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Ground, through which the fame did pafs, willing to purchafe the fame for a fair and juft Confideration ; and in cafe fuch Proprietor and the Truftees of the Diftrict cannot agree, the Value of the Old Road (hall be afeertained by a Jury, and the Expences of the Jury (hall be defrayed in Manner above mentioned ; and in the Event that any fuch Proprietor (hall not choole to purchafe the faid Old Road, the faid Truftecs are hereby empowered to dlfpofe of the fame by public Auction, and the Price or Pi ices to be got lor fuch Old Road (hall be applied to the Purpofes of this Aft.

XLVIII. And whereas from the Number of Roads and Bridges within

the faid County, it is expedient to have proper Perfons appointed as General Surveyors and Superintcndants thereof, Be it enafted, That it (hall be competent to any General Meeting held on the Thirtieth Day of April yearly, to name and appoint fuch General Surveyors or Superintendants, wiih fuch Salaries as may be judged reafonable, to be paid by a general AC. fefTment over the whole Shire, which Surveyors or Superintcndants (hall be bound to attend to fuch Direftions and Inftruftions as (hall from Time to Time be given by the General Meeting, which General Meeting lhall have Power to remove fuch Perlons, and appoint others, as they lhall deem fit; provided always, that before any fuch Nomination or Re-moval lhall take place, due Intimation (hall be given thereof in the In-vsrmjs Journal, or Edinburgh Newfpapcr, circulated in the faid County, Six Months previous to fuch Nomination or Removal.

XL1X. And whereas the Powers veftrd in the Freeholders and Heritors for afiefimg Property for the Ptirpofe of Indemnification for the Lofs of Lands appropriated for thcUfe of the Public, by an Aft of the Parliament

of

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 105.	2073

of Scotland,. firing the,Second Parliament of Kind Charles the Second, Lifs of intituled, " Aft for repairing Highways and Bridges,” is, from the Ll° s' increafed Value of Lands very inadequate: Be it therefore enafted,

That it (hall be in the Power of the Truftees hereby appointed, at any General Meeting for the Purpofe of making any fuch Indemnification, to affefs the County, if they (hall fee Canfe, in any Sum not exceeding Thirty Shillings Scott, on the One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent.

L. And be it enafted, That where any Ditches have been, or (hall in Dltchej to he Time coming be made alongfide of any of the Roads or Highways with -	and

in the faid County, where the adjacent Lan Is are arable, then the Pof- * L feffors thereof (hall be bound to keep thofe Ditches, and Water Courfes leading from the fame, properly fcoured ; and in cafe of their Failure fo to do, when required by the Overfeer of the faid Roads, fuch Over-leer may, and he is hereby authorized to order the (aid Ditches robe cleaned and fcoured at the Fxpence and Coft of the Occupiers or Pofil f-fors of the Grounds through which thofe Ditches are made, and upon their refufing Payment of the Expences thereby incurred, it (hah and may be lawful for the Juftices of the Peace of the Diftrift, or any Two of them, upon the Application of the faid Overfeer for the Time being, jto grant Warrant for levying fuch Expences by Diftrefs and Sale as afore faid.

LI. And be it further enafted, That the faid Overfeer, or other Perfon Materials to authorized by the faid Truftees, having firft obtained Warrant for fo betaken, doing under the Hands of Two or more Truftees of the laid Diftrift, (hall be, and he is hereby empowered to take out of any adjacent Lands, other than Gardens, Orchards, Piealure Grounds, and Planted Walks, or Grab Meadows, the neceffary Materials for making and repairing the laid Roads and Bridges, he being always bound to fill up and level the Pits or Holes thereby made, and co make Satisfaction to the Owner or Occupier of the Ground.

LII. Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enacted, That it (h dl not Nonce tlierc-be lawful for any Surveyor, or any other Perfon or Perfons, under the Au- of co be thority of this Aft, to dig, gather, quarry, take, and carry away Mate- g'*'"-rials for making and repairing the faid Roads, from any inclofcd Lands or Grounds, until either the Confent of the Proprietor is obtained, or ,

Notice in Writing (hall have been given to the Occupier of the Premifcs, from which ftich Materials are intended to be taken, or left for luch Occupier at his ulual Place of RefiJence, to appear before the faid Truftees, or any Three or more of them, or Two Juftices of the Peace, ailing for the County of Invernefs, to Ihcw caufc why fuch Materials (hould not be had from fuch Lands or Grounds ; and in cafe fuch Occupier Ihall attend purfuant to fuch Notice, the Liu I ruftees, or any Three or more of them, or fuch Juftices Ihall, if they think proper, authorize fuch Surveyor, or other Perfon to di» gather, quarry, take and carry away'fuch Materials, at luch Price or Prices, as to fuch Truftees, or any Three or more of them, or to fuch Juttices Ihall feem proper ■, and if luch Occupier fnall neglect or refufe to appear by himfelf, or his Agent, the laid Truftees, or any Three or more of them, or fuch Juftices, Ihall and may make fuch Order therein [Lee. Is Per.]	23	N	as

2074

Damages to be afcertain-ed by a Jury.

Power toalter the Courfe of Rivulets.

No Stones or Rubbiih to be laid on the Roads.

Horfes, Sec. notto be allowed to run Joofe.

48® GEOfLGII III/ Cap. 10,'.

is they dial] think fit, as fully and efftflually, to all Intents and Purpofe, as if fucl> Occupier or his Agent had attended.

LI1I. And be it enacted, That in all Cafes where the Owners and Occupiers of Houles and Grounds do not agree with the Truftees concerning the Amount of Damages done, by digging Gravel and other Marerials necelfary to be taken for the making and repairing the faid Roads, the fame fhall be determined by a Jury, in Manner herein before mentioned ; but fuch Differences between the Truftees and Owners or Occupiers, fhall not in the mean Time hinder the proceeding with the carrying off and ufing any Gravel, Stones, Sand, or other Materials, and applying the fame towards making and repairing the faid Roads; and the Determination of rhe faid Jury is hereby declared to be final.

LI V. And be it enacted. That upon obtaining Warrant as above mentioned, it fhall be in the Power of the above Overfeer, or other Perfon aforefaid, to turn the Courfe of any Rivulet, or any other running Water, off from the faid Hoads, referving to the Proprietor of fuch Water, or any other Perfon injured by the turning thereof, to carry ic acrofs and under the Road by means of a fubftancial Arch of Stone and Lime, to the Satisfaction of the Truftees of the Diftrict, and for fo doing they fhall allow him fuch reafonable Sum as can be agreed upon, or as any Two Juftices of the Peace aforefaid fliall direct; and in like Manner it fhall be competent to the Overfcers, or other Perfon, in Manner aforefaid, having Warrant from the Juftices'aforefaid, or any Two of them, to cut at a proper Seafon of the Year, and remove any Trees, or Branches of Trees, growing or planted within Three Feet of any of the laid Roads, referving always the Ufe of fuch Trees and Branches fo cut to the Owner or Owners of the fame.

LV. And be ic further enacted. That no Perfon fit all lay, or caufe to be laid, any Timber, Stone, Lime, Peats, Dung, Soil, Compoft, Alhes, or other Materials, on any of the aforefaid Roads, Highways, or Bridges ; or fhall cut or carry away any of the Materials forming the fame ; or turn or dam Water thereon; or (hall allow or lay any dead Horfes, or other Carrion upon or within Ten Yards of the faid Roads, or commit any Nuifance whatever thereon ; and any Perfon or Perfons fo of. fending, fhall forfeit the Sum of One Pound Sterling for each Offence, btfkles Charges, to be levied and recovered in the fame Manner as the Converfion hereby granted, the One Half thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to be applied for making and repairing the Roads and Bridges within the Diftrict; and in cafe it fliall not appear who laid down the faid Materials, or committed fuch Nuifance, that the Pofleflors or Occupiers of the Ground next adjacent, for the Time in which the fame fhall have been laid down and committed, neglecting and refufing to remove fuch Nuilance, after Twenty-four Hours’ Notice in writing given for the Purpole, under the Hand of the faid Overfeer, fhall be deemed and held, jointly and fevcrallv, to be the Perfons guilty thereof.

LVI. And be it enacted, That if any Horfes, Mules, AITcs, Cattle, Pigs; or Swine, fhall be permitted to run loolc on the faid Roads, or fliall be tethered on them, or on the Sides of the faid Roads, they (hall be deemed

a Nuifance j

207

4-8° GEORGII III, Cap. 105.

a Nuifance; and if any Driver lhall (it on his Carl, or allow his Horfes to go, without holding a Rein attached to them ; or if the Drivers of any Carriage, when meeting another on the Road, (hall not drive to the lett, the Owner of any fuch Horfe, and every l'uch Driver, lliall forfeit a Sum not exceeding One Pound Sterling for each O(fence, beftdes Charges, to be recovered as aforelaid.

LVII. And be it further enafled, That if any Perfon lhall plough any Penalty for Field contiguous to any of the Roads, without making Head Ridges along deliroying the Sides of the Roads, of the Breadth of ten Feet ai leaf!; or (hall draw or Road‘' haul upon any Part of the Highways and Bridges, any Tree, Log, or p i S-Piece of Timber, or any Stone, or other Thing whatfoever, otherwife than upon a Wheel Carriage; or lhall ereil any Gate acrofs the laid Roads, every Perfon (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit a Sum not exceeding One Pound Sterling, to be recovered as aforefnid.

LVIII. And be it further cnadled, That no Perfon (hall hereafter be at No Houle to Liberty toerefl Houfes, or other Buildings, within Twenty Feet from the be built with-Centre of the Road, except within the Royal Burgh of Invernefs, and Vil- Sl* Feet, lagcsm rhe County, otherwaysany Two Trultees may order thefime, upon »°jhn/Fotir One Month’s Notice to the Occupier, to be pulled down, and fine the Dc- Feet of the faultcrs, in a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, beftdes Charges, to be Koa<). levied as aforefaid.

LIX. And be it further en-£led, That the faid Truftees may caufe the Road; to be fatd Roads to be meafured, and Mile Stones and Guide Polls to be erected meafured, at d thereon, as near the Sides thereof as they may judge convenient; and if any Perfon or Perfons lhall wilfully break, deftroy, damage, pull down, Si0n„'to be or remove any fuch Stones or Ports, or obliterate or deface any Letters erefted. or Figures that (hall be inlcribed or put thereon ; or fhall injure or deface any Part of the Stones in the Bridges on the faid Roads, or the Parapets of the fame, and (hall be thereof convicted by the Confeffion of the Party offending, or the Oath of one or more credible Witnefs or Wit-neffes, before one or more of the Jufticcs of the Peace for the faid County of Invernejs, or where the Offender (hall refide, fuch Perfon or Perlons lo offending lhall refpectively forfeit and pay any Sum noc exceeding Ten Pounds Sterling for every fuch Offence; and it (hail be competent for the Truftees to grant any Reward t.icy may deem expedient for difeovering the Perfon or Perlons guilty of fuch Offence; which Reward (hall be paid from che Di.trict Fund.

LX. And be it further enacted. That for the more fpeedily making and lyre pairing the faid Roads, or any particular Part of the fame, the° faid borrowM^ Truftees (hall have Power, and they are hereby impowered, in Diftrict ney and ai-Meetings, affeinbled upon the Credit of the Affeffment hereby granted r'8n ,he on the Pound Sterling of real Rent leviable out of the Diftrict, or out of &c" any Part thereof, from Time to Time to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money, the legal Intcreft whereof lhall not exceed One-fourth of the Amount of the laid Affeffment which (hail be levied from the faid Diftrict ; and to align over the faid Affeffment, or whatever Part thereof may be neceffary, tor paying dr extinguifhing the feveral Sums of Money,

Principal and Intcreft, which lhall be borrowed ; and Copies of fuch Alignments, or Abftracts thereof, (hall be entered in a Book to be kept 10	for

2076

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 105.

for that Purpofe by the Clerk of the Truftees: and which Alignments fhall be transferable, by Indorfcments on the Back thereof, or on a Paper apart j and the Money fo borrowed fhall be applied in the fame Manner only as the Monies levied in fuch.Diftricts are hereby directed to be applied.

Intimation of LXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Infertion of the faid Alignments, Alignments, Transferences, or Indorf meutsthcreof in the aforefaid Book, fhall fuperiede and render unneceffiry any Intimation thereof to thofe liable in the Payment thereof; and fuch AfTignments, Transferences, or Indorfements thereof, when fo inferced, fhall be as good and effectual to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the Rule of Intimation requifite in fuch Cafes by the Law of Scotland had been followed out.

After Aflign- LXI I. Provided always, and be it enacted, That after any f >ch Alignment Atiefi- menC or Alignments fhall have been granted, it fhall not be in the P iwer betefened!	Tru^ees t0 Icffen the Duty within fuch Diftrict or Diftrirts, until the

Money fo borrowed fhall be repaid, and the Alignments dilcharged.

Power to re- LXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in cafe of any Hidden Damage Cn Damage being done to the Roads, Bridges, or Drains in the faid County aR1	which	may require an immediate Support and Repair, and the fame being

reported to any One Truflee of the Diftrict within which fuch Accident fhall have happened, it fhall be incumbenpon him immediately, and he is hereby authorized and required to call a Meeting of the Truftees of the faid Diftrict refidentat the Time within the fame ; and at the faid Meeting, which fhall be held at leafl Six Days after fuch Intimation, Orders fhall be forthwith given to repair fuch Damage from the general Funds of the Diftrict; and until fuch Repairs fhall be made, it fhall be incumbent on the Truftees of fuchDiftricts to place lubftancial Bars at the Entries of fuch Breaches, and to caufe the fame to be upheld from Time to Time, until fuch Roads 2nd Bridges fhall be properly repaired; and in cafe of Failure thereof, it fhall be competent for the Sheriff Depute, or Subflitute of the County, or any Juftice of Peace thereof, to ord:r fuch Operations and Repairs to be executed, and to charge the Expence per-lonally againft the whole Truftees of the faid Diftrict, conjunctly and fe-verally, as above directed, upon an Application by fummary Petition, in the Name of the Procurator Fifcal of the Sheriff’s or Juftice of Peace Court, to the faid Sheriff Depute, or Subflitute, or any of the General Quarter Sefiions of the Peace of the laid County; fuch Expentes after being afeertained by the Sheriff or Jufticesof the Peace fhall be recoverable, in the fame fummary Way as the Affeffments under this Act are recoverable; and the Jmgment or Judgments to be pronounced upon fuch Petition fhall not be liable to Reduction or Advocation, or Sufpcn-fion; and no Relief fhaii be competent to the Truftee or Truftees making fuch Payment, againft the general Funds of the County, or particular Diftrict?.

Mcde of re- LXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Forfeitures and Penalties by covering this Act inflicted, or authorized to be impofet), in relation to any Matter or Forfeitures. Thing in this Act contained, the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not otherwife particularly directed, fhall, upon Proof of the Offence before any Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the Shire or

Place

3077

48° GEORGII III. . Cap. 105.

Place where the fame lhall be committed, either by the Confeflion of the Party, or other legal Evidence, be levied by Diftrefs and Sale in Manner above directed, and lhall be applied for the Purpofes of this Act.

LXV, And be it further enacted, That if any Perfonor Perfons lhall con- Perfom ag. fider hinrfclf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved by any Order, Procedure, grieved may Sentence, or Judgment of the faid Trudees or Juices of the Peace, appeal to with relpect to any of the Matters or Things by this Act referred to their Determination, it fhall and may be lawful to and forfuch Perfon orPer-lons, within Six Months, but not afterwards, to appeal for Redrefs to the J‘.idices of the Peace of the faid County, at their General Quarter Sc (lions, who are hereby authorized to hear and determine the Matter in Dilpute.

LXVI. Provided always, That it (hall be no Objection to any Perfon aft- NoObjeaion ing as a Jufiice of Peace, in any Matter or Thing relative to this Acr, that t0 a Jullice he is thereby appointed, or has officiated as a Trudee, excepting in fuch beill8a Ifaf-Cafes only in which he (hall be perfonally intereded.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall Appeal confider himfrlf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved by any Sentence or Judg- Pom the ment of the faid General Quarter Seffions, or of the Sheriff Depute, or QtprterSef-Subfticute, in any Matter relative to this Act, it lhall be lawful to and c.acJ-aLhC for fuch Perfon or Perfons to appeal for Redrefs to the then next Circuit Court.

Court of Judiciary to be holden at Invernefs ; and the faid Circuit Court of Judiciary is hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter in Difpute, in fuch and in the like Manner, and fubject to fuch and the like Regulations as are fpecified and deferibed in the Act paffed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majedy King George the Second, intituled, “ An Act for taking away and abolifhing the heritable “ Jurlfdictions in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for “ making Satisfaction to the Proprietors thereof, and for redoring fuch “ Jurifdiction to the Crown; and for making more effectual Provifion “ for the Adminidration of Jtidice throughout that Part of the United “ Kingdom, by the King’s Court and Judges there ; and for obliging “ all Perfons acting as Procurators, Writers, or Agents in the Law of “ Scotland to take the Oaths, and for rendering the Union of the Two “ Kingdoms more complete,” with refpect to the Appeals of the Circuit Courts of Judiciary therein mentioned.

LXVII I. And be it further enafted, That in all general Meetings of the prcfcs t0 Trudecs, or Meetings of Didrifts, in cafe ofan Equality of Number, the have a cart-Prefes lhall have Two Votes, but otherwife he lhall only be entitled to ‘"g Vote. One Vote.

LX1X. And be it enacted, That fo far as the unapplied Funds of all or Former any of the faid Didrifts fhall not be fufficient to difeharge the Sums expend- Debts coned before the paffrng of this Act, by authority of General or Didrict Meet- traAed to bs ings of the Trudees, in making and repairing Roads and Bridges, then, P1"1, and in fuch Cafe, fuch Sums lhall be paid out of the Alfeirments granted by this Act, which (hall be levied in the Didrict in which the Money lhall have been expended, in Terms of the Covenants and Agreements under which fuch Expenditures were made.

[Lee. 6? Per.]	23	0

LXX. And

2078

Limitation 0 A&ions,

Commencement of Af-feffment.

Commencement of the Aft.

Public Afl.

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 105.

LXX. And be it enacted. That the AITeffment hereby granted upon the Pound Sterling of real Rent (hall be applied by the faid Traders, in the firft Place, to defray and pay the Charges of obtaining and pading this Aft, and afterwards wholly and folely to the Ufes and Purpofes before mentioned, and to no other Ufe or Purpofe whatfoever.

f LXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Actions and Complaints for all and any of the Penalties and Forfeitures impofed by this Act and for any Wrong or Injury committed or differed in any Matter relative to, or in confcqucnce of any of the Powers of this Act given and granted, (hall be commenced within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months after the Penalties or Forfeitures are incurred, or Wrong done, or Injury differed ; and that no Penalty or Forfeiture impofed by this Aft, (hall be exigible, unlefs the fame fhall be fued for within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months aforefaid.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That the aforefaid Converfion, or Commutation and Afiefitnent, by this Aft granted (hall take place from and after the pafiir.g thereof.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted. That this Act fhall commence from the paffing thereof, and fhall continue for and during the Space of Twenty-one Years thereafter, and from thence to the End of the then next Scf-fion of Parliament.

LXXIV. And be it enacted, That this Act fhall be deemed and taken to be a public Act, and fhall be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being Ipecially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan. Primers to the King’s moll Excellent Majelty. 1808.

SS GEORG 11 III. REGIS.

***********************************************♦»*<«**

.".'.1	-jjlrjrjq	t	5(j

Cap. 106.

=	An	Act	to	continue	Two Acts of the Parliament of

uhak,	Ireland,	for the Improvement of the Harbour of

Drogheda.	£i8th June 18o8.]

WHEREAS an Aft was made in the Parliament of Ireland, in Ad 30 Geo. the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, 3.0.39. intituled. An Aft for the Improvement of the Port and (IrelaD<*.) Harbour of Drogheda, and the better Regulation of the Police of faid 'Town: And whereas One other ACt was-made in the Parliament of Ire- _ Geo land, in the Thirty-feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, inti- 3< C°c tuled « An Aft to amend an Aft pajfed in the Thirtieth Tear of His (Ireland.) prefent Majefty s Reign intituled ‘ An Aft for the Improvement of the • Port and Harbour of Drogheda, and the better Regulation of the Police * of faid Town:' And whereas the Tonnage Duties levied and received under the faid recited Ads will foon expire; and the Works ofthe faid Pore and Harbour cannot be maintained unlefs the faid Ads, fofar as relate to the faid Port and Harbour, are further continued : May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty, That it maybe enaded, and be it enaded by the King’s molt Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice andConfent of the Lo ds Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, Thac the faid recited Ads, fo ?*rtof A«s far as the fame refped the Improvement of the Port and Harbour of PerP«-Drogheda, and the levying and collecting the Duties of Tonnage on [Loc. {ff Per.}	23 P	Ships

2082

Paying Ex-pences of paf fing the Act

Public Aft.

Continuance.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 106.

Ships and Veflels entering the fame (hall be, and the fame are hereby further continued during the Period hereinafter mentioned.

II.	And be it further enadled, That the Commidioners adting under the faid recited Adis, or any Seven of them, (hall be, and they are hereby authorized and required to draw on their Trealurer for fueh Sum or Sums of Money as may be neceffary to defray theExpences of obtaining and pafling this Ad; and the faid Treafurer (hall be, and he is hereby empowered to pay the fame out of the Funds arifing from the Tonnage Rates, and Duties levied, or to be levied in pur-fuance of the (aid Adis, and this Adi, which (hall be allowed in his Accounts.

III.	And be it further enadled. That this Adi (hall be deemed and taker, to be a public Adi, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch, by all Judges, Jullices, and others, without being lpecially pleaded.

IV.	And be it further enadled, That the faid recited Adis and this Adi fhall continue in Force for One Year, and until the Er.d of the then next Seffion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strakan, Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majelty, 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 107.

An Aft for enabling the Juftices of the Peace for the Eaftern Divilion of the County of Sujfex} to take down the prefent Shire Hall or Seffions Houfe in the Town of Lewes, and for enabling them to build another Shire Hall or Seffions Houfe in a more convenient Situation within the faid Town.

[18th June 1808.]

WHEREAS the Shire Hall or Seffions Houfe in the Town an.l Borough of Lewes, in the County of Sujfex, wherein the Summer Affixes for the faid County, and alfo the General Quarter Seffions of the Peace for the Eaftern Part of the faid County are holden, and which is maintained and kept at the Charge and Expence of the Eaftern Part of the faid County of Sujfex, out of the County Rates levied within the lame, is from its Smallnefs, and from the Situation in which the fame is placed, extremely incommodious and inconvenient for the carrying on the Bulinefs of the laid County, and it would be highly conducive to the Convenience of the Judges, the Magiftrates, Jurors, and all Perfons retorting to, and having Bufincls to tranlafl in the faid leveral Courts of Juftice, if the fame Shire Hall or Seffions Houfe were taken down, and a new Shire Hdl or Seffions Houfe with proper Offices and Accommodations were built in lieu thereof, in a mure convenient and eligible Situation, and within the faid Town and .Borough of Lewes-, and it would tend greatly \Loc.& Per.]	11 ijj,	to

2086

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 107.

to the Accommodation of the Public, if the Scite of the faid prefent Shire Hail or Seflions Houfe were to be made and form a Part of the Highway in the Street in which the fame is fituate: And whereas it will be neceflfary to make a Purchafe or Purchafes of Ground, Houles, Buildings, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and to raife a confiderable Sum of Money for effectuating thePurpofes aforefaid; may it therefore pleafe Your Majefty, that it may be enacted; and be it enabled by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by judices to aft the Authority of the fame,That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the of Commipre Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Sujfex for the Time being, and fionei s; refident within the Ealtern Divifion thereof, or any Three or more of them, to ereft, build, maintain and fupporr, or caufe to be creeled, built, maintained and fupported, a new Shire Hall and Seflions Houfe for the faid County of Sujfex, within the laid Town and Borough of Lewes, and to carry the feveral other Purpofes of this Aft into Execution; and they or any Three or more of them are hereby authorized to caufe che faid Shire Hail who arc to and Seflions Houfe in the faid Town and Borough of Lewes^ and the Offices prefentsclilol's or other Buildings thereunto belonging, to be tokeu down, and to ufe Home, and to and employ iuch Part of the Materials as fhall be demand proper in budding MAtcriah!*thC new Shire Hall and Seflions Houfe hercin-after direfted to be built, or to fell and difpofe of the faid Materials as they now (land, or when taken down, or of fuch Part of the fame as (hall not be made uleof in fuch new Shire Hall or Seflions Houfe, to fuch Perlon or Perfons as (hall be willing to purchafe the fame, either together or feparately, and to make Contra&s and Agreements with any Perfon or Perfons for all or any of ihe Purpofes The Scite of aforefaid; and when the faid prefent Shire Hall or Seflions Houfe, with the Offices and other Buildings thereunto belonging fhall be taken down, and | all the faid Materials (hall be removed, the Scite thereof from thenceforth tiie Public- (hall be deemed a Parc of the Highway in the Street in which the fame is fituate, and be ufed and confidcrcd as fuch to ail Intents and Purpofes whatsoever.

s Houfe

Bodiet Politii &c. enabled I fell, &c.

II,	And it is further enacted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the laid Juftices, or any Three or more of them, at anyTime or Times after the palling of this Aft, to contract lor and purchafe, or to authorize one or more PcrLn or Perfons on their Behalf to contract for and purchafe the Freehold, Fee Simple, and Inheritance of fuch One or more Piece cr Pieces cf Ground, whether built upon or not, being within the Town and Borough of Lewes aforefaid, as they che faid Juftices or any Three or more of them (hall adjudge to be a convenient Scite for a new Shire Hall and Seflions Houfe for the faid County; and fuch Piece or Pieces of Ground and Hereditaments when purchaied (ball be conveyed to the Ufe of the Juftices of the Peace of, and for the faid County of Suffex for the Time being, in Truft fer the Service and Benefit of the Lid County, in Manner hercin-after mentioned: Provided always, that nothing in this Aft contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend fo as to empower the faid Juftices, or any Three or more of them, to purchafe any greater Quantity of Land for the Purpofes of this Aft than Two Acres.

, III. And be it further enacted. That it (hall and may be lawful for all 5 Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years

? determinable

2087

48®GEORGII HI. Cap. 107.

determinable on any Life or Lives; and all Feoffees in Truft, Executory Adminiftrators, Hufbands, Guardians, Committees of Lunatics and Idiots, and all other Truftees whomfoever, not only for and on Behalf of thern-felves, their Heirs and Succeffors, but alfo for, and on Behalf of their Ceftuique Trufts, whether Infants, Iffue unborn. Femes Coverc, Lunatics,

Idiots, orother Perfon or Perfonswhomfoever, and to and for all Femes Coverc whoareor fhall befeifed, poffdfed of, orinanywifeincerefted in their own Right, and to and for all, and every Perfon and Perfons whomfoever who are or iball be feil'ed, poffdfed of, or in anyways inrerefted in any Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Parc thereof, which fhall be thought neceffary by the laid Juftices, or any Three or more of them, to be purchased for the feveral Purpofes of this A£t, to treat, contrail and agree wirh the faid Juftices, or any Three or more of them fo affembled as afbrefaid for the Sale thereof, or for any Part thereof, and to fell and convey all or any Part thereof, and all Eftate, Right, Title and In-tereft whatfoever of, in, and to the lame to the faid Juftices, or any Three or mere of them for the Purpofes of this Ailj and all Contra&s, Agree- Aii

C< ntracti

ments. Bargains, Sales, and Conveyances which fhall be fo made by virtue valid, and in puriuance of this Adi, lhall without any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, or other Conveyances or Affurances in the Law whatfoever, be good, valid, and effectual to all Inrents and Purpofes, not only to convey theEftace and Intereft of thePrfop and Perfons conveying, but alfo to convey all Righr, Eftate, Imereil, Life, Properry. Ciairn, and Demand w'hatfoever of their laid feveral and refpedive Ceftuique Trufts, and all Perfons whomfoever claiming or to claim by, from, or under them, and of all Perfons entitled in Remainder or Reverfton expedlanton any luch particular Eftate, and the fame fhall be deemed and confidered to bar the Dower and Dowers of fuch Perfon and Perfons, and all Eftates Tad, and other Eftates in Pofftffion, Revcrfion, Remainder, or Expectancy, any Law, Statute, Ufage, or other Matter to the contrary in anywife notwith-flanding; and all and every fuch Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Trultee?, ire. Corporation Aggregate or Sole, and all Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail indemnified. General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives ; and all Feoffees in Truft, Hufbands, Truftees, Executors, Adminiftrators,

Guardians, Committees, and all other Perfons, fhall be, and are hereby indemnified for what they fhall do by virtue and in purfuance of this Ad.

IV.	And whereas by an Ad pafied in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Pajtics r<?-Reign of His prelent Majefty, intituled. An Aft to explain and amend an Aft made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Tears of the Reign of King William rrent, *c. juf-the Tbird, intituled ‘ An Aft to enable JuJlices of the Peace to build and repair ‘ Gaols in their refpeftive Counties, and for other Purpofes therein mentioned for impend. H;s Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace are enabled to purchafe Lands, Tcne- !,1» a Jur** ments or Hereditaments for the building and improving Gaols, but are not enabled to purchafe Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments for building Court Houfes: And whereas it would be convenient to build fuch new Shire Hall or Scffions Houfe, with proper Offices and Accommodations thereto, in or near the Centre of the High Street of, and luuate within the faid Town and Borough of Lewes, and tor fuch Purpofe and for the making 1 he neceffary Approaches thereto, it wiil be neceffary to make Ufe of certain Mtifuages or Tenements, Piece or Pieces of Ground, Buildings or other Hereditaments, che Property of the Right Honourable Thomas Earl of Chichejler, Thomas Ucdfon, Thomas Wejton, William Miles, Arthur 1	Brooky

2088

48° GEORGII 111. Cap. 107.

-Brook, and William Marten, and now or late in the feveral Occupations of the laid Thomas Hodfoit, William Miles, and Thomas V/jlon, alfo of 'Jeremiah Dodjoiiy William Englifh, Berrariero Domingus, John Goldfmith, Thomas Bigg, Edward Ricbardjon,andoit\\cfc\d Arthur Brook axidWtlliam Marten, feme or One of them, their or fome or one of their Undertenants, all which Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments are ficuate in the Parifhes of Saint Michael and Saint John in the Borough of Lewes aforefaid, one or other of them ; be it therefore ena&ed, that in cafe the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, Proprietor or Proprietors of any of the faid feveral Pieces of Land with the Buildings thereon (upon Notice to him, her, or them to be given or left in Writing at the Dwelling Houfe or Houles, or Place or Places of Abode of fuch Perfon or Perfons) ftiall for the Space of Fourteen Days after fuch Notice given or left as aforefaid, negleft or refufe, or be incapa-If Parties (hall ble by reafon of Infancy or otherwife to trear, or lhall not agree with the JomrJnce* toC faid Juflices or any Three or more of them, or with any Perfon or Pcrfons be afeertained authorized by them, for the Sale and Conveyance of his, her, and their re-byajury. fpe&ive Eftates and Interefts therein, then, and in every fuch Cafe the faid Juftices (hall caufe the Value of the Effaces refpedtively to be inquired into and afeertained by a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the faid County of SuJJeat, not having or occupying Lands, Tenements, Tythes, or Hereditaments within the Eaffem Divifion thereof; and in order thereto the Sheriff of the faid County, upon the Requifition of the faid Juftices, or any Three or more of them, is hereby empowered and required from Time to Time as Occafion fhall be, toimpannel and fummon luch Jury, and to call before them and examine upon Oath all and every Perfon and Pcrfons whomfoc-ver who fhall be thought: neceffary or proper to be examined concerning the PremilVs, which Oath the faid Sheriff is hereby empowered to adminifter, and fuch Sheriff fhall, by ordering a View cr otherwife, ufe all lawful VVays and Means as well for his own as for the faid Jury’s Information in the Premifes; and after the faid Jury fhall have inquired of and aftefied fuch Value and Recompence, he the faid Sheriff fhall thereupon adjudge the Sum or Sums of Money fo affeffed by the faid Jury to be paid to the faid Perfons, according to the Verdidt of fuch Jury, which faid

V.	rdict fhall be final, binding, and conclufive to all Intents and Purpofes againft all Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate; and all and every Perfon and Pcrfons claiming any Eftate, Right, Title, Truft. Ufe or Inte-reft into, or out of the faid Lands. Tenements and Hereditaments in Pof-feffmn. Remainder, Rcvtrfion or Expe&ancy, as welllnfants as Iffuc unborn, Lunatics.. Idiots and Femes Covert, and Perfons under any other Durability or Incapacity, their Heirs, Succeffors, Executors, and Administrators, and all other Parties and Perfons whomfoever; and for fummon-ingand returning fuch Juries, the Sheriff is hereby empowered to iffue his Warrantor Warrants, Procefs or Proccffes, for the impannelling and calling together an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Men of the faid County, buc not being in the Comnuffton of the Peace, nor having or occupying Lands, Tenements, Tythes, or Hereditaments within the fa-d Eaftern Divifion, to appear before him at l'uch Time and Place as in fuch Warrant or Warrants, Procefs or Proceffes fhall be appointed, who are hereby commanded to appear thereto accordingly ; and out of the Perlons fo fummoned, impan-nelled and returned, or out of fuch of them as fhall appear upon fuch Summons, the faid Sheriff fhall, and he is hereby empowered and required to fwcar or caufe to be fworn Twelve Men, who fhall be the Jury for the Purpofes aforefaid; and in Default of a fuflicienc Number of Jurymen, the

fad

2089

48° GEORGII HI. Cap. 107.

faid Sheriff or his Deputy or Deputies (hall return other honeft and indifferent Men, not being in the Commiffion of the Peace, nor having nor occupying Lands, Tythes, Tenements or Hereditaments within the Laid Eat'-tern Divifion of the County aforefaid, either of the Standers-by or who fpeedily can be procured to attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve, and all Perfons concerned lhall have their lawful Challenges again!! any of the Paid Jurymen when they come to be fworn, but lhall not challenge the Array ; and the faid Sheriff (hall have Power from Time to Time to im-pofe any reafonable Fine or Fines on any of the Perfons who lhall be fum-montd and returned on fuch Jury, and (hall not appear, or who (full refufe to be fworn on the faid Jury, or being fo fworn lhall refufe to give or not giving their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neg-lefting their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this AS, and on any of the Perfons who being required to give Evidence before the faid Jury, (hall refufe or negletft to appear, or appearing lhall refute to be examined or to give Evidence; and which Fine or Fines (hall not exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds upon any one Perfon, and (hall be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels by Warrant 01 Warrants under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more of fuch Juftices, and (hall be applied towards the Porpofes of this Aft: Provided neverthelefs, that nothing in this Aft contained lhall extend or be conitrued to extend to give to the faid Juftices a Power to compel the Owners or Proprietors of any of the Premifes herein-before particularly deferibed, or any Part or Parts thereof refpedtively, to fell, difpofe, or part with the fame, uniefs Notice of fuch Intention and a Demand to treat for the fame (hall have been made by the leveral Juftices or any Three or more of them, and delivered to fuch Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or left at his Place of Abode as herein-before is directed, within the Space of Twenty-four Calendar Months from the Time of the pafling of this Aft; any Thing herein contained tu the contrary notwith-ttanding.

V.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Verdifts and Judgments verdicts to be (hall be let down in Writing under the Hand and Seal of the laid Sheriff me* of the adting in the Premifes, and lhall be delivered to the Clerk of the Peace for Peace, the County of Suffix, and be kept amongft the Records and Writings of the Quarter Sellions of the Peace for the faid County; and the fame, or true Copies thereof, figned by the Clerk of the Peace of the faid County for the Time being, lhall be taken, adjudged, and deemed good and fuf-ficient Evidence and Proof in any Court uf Law or Equity whatfoever; and all Perfons (had and may have Recourfe to the lame, and may take Copies thereof, upon paying to fuch Clerk of the Peace after the Rate of Four-pence for every Seventy-two Words for writing the fame.

VI.	And be it further enatfted, That in each and every Cafe where a Evened of Verdift lhall be given for more Money fur the abfuluce Sale of any 'vjtneb<r“ Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments belonging to any Body or Bo- to be pad.0" dies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, than had been previoufly offered by, or on Behalf of the faid Juftices or any Three or more of them, or where by reafon of Abfence in Foreign Countries or other Impediment or Dilabtlity as aforefaid, there lhall not be found any Perfon or Perfons who may be legally capacitated to enter into a Contract with, and make Conveyances to, and receive Compen-fation from the faid Juftices or any Three or more of them as herein-

2^9°

48° GEORG 11 HI. Cap. 107.

before mentioned, then, and in ail fuch Cafes, all the Expences of fum-moning fuch Jury and taking fuch Verdift fhall be defrayed by the faid Juftices, but if any Verdi& (hail be given for die fame, ora Ids Sum than had been previoufly offered by, or on Behalf of the faid Juftices or any Three or more of them, or in cafe of fuch Rcfufal or Neglett to enter into Treaty with, or make Conveyances to, or receive Compenfation from the laid Juftices or any Three or more of them, or other Perfon or Perfons acting by, or on iheir Beha’f, by any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or by any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, who is, or are by the Provisions of this A& or otherwife legally capacitated to treat and convey, or receive fuch Compenfation as aforefaid, then, and in all fuch Cafes the Cofts and Expences of fummoning fuch Jury and taking fuchVerdift fhall be borne and paid by the Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Perfon or Perfons with whom the faid Juftices or any Three or more of them fhall have fuch Concerns, Controverfics or Difputes, which laid Cofts and Expences having been fo fettled, fhall and may be deducted out of the Money fo afleffed, and adjudged as lo much Money advanced to, and for theUfe of fuch Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Perlons as aforefaid, and the Payment or Tender cf the Remainder of fuch Sum or Sums cf Money, or depofiting the fame in the Bank of England in Manner by this Aft directed, as the Cafe may be, fh til be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums fo afleffed and adjudged.

On paying the VII. And be it further enafted, That upon Payment of the Money fo fobTvdiSah! a°ree£i to be Paid or afleffed as aforefaid, or upon Tender thereof to the the Joitices. Party or Parties entitled thereto, or to his, her, or their Agent or Agents, or upon depofiting the fame in the Bank of England, in Manner by this Aft dire&ed, as the Cafe may be, the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in reipecl whereof fuch Money ftiall have been fo paid, tendered cr deposited. and the whole and every Part thereof fhall be, and the fame are hereby declared to be vefted in the Juftices of the Peace of, and for the faid County of SuJJ'ex for the Time being, for the Purpofe of building a new Shire Hall and Sdftons Houfe, and fuch other Conveniencies and Accommodations as may ba neceffary or proper, who fhall be deemed in Law to be in the aftual PofT.-flion thereof, to all Intents and Purpofes whaefoever, freed and dilebarged from all former and other Eftates, Rights, Titles, In-terefts, Claims and Demands whatsoever.

Application of	VIII. And be it further enafled, That if any Money fhall be agreed or

whcnPamoam- afleffed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments purchafed, i/ig to zoo 1. taken, or ufed by virtue of the Powers of this Act, which fliall belong to any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggrc-ga!e or Sole, Feoffees in Truft, Guardians, Committees, Truftces, Femes Covert cr other incapacitated Perfon or Perlons, fuch Money fhall if the fame amount to the Sum cf Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Accounts parte the Juftices of the Peace for executing this Aft, to the Intent that fuch Money (hall be paid under the Direction and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified bv an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a 1'umniary Way by the Perfon or Perlons who would have been entitled to the Rems and Profits of the faid Lands, Te-J	nemenis

2091

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 107.

nements or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe of the Land Tax or DilUiarge of any Debt or Debts, or luch other Incumbrance or Part thereof as the faid Court Ihall authorize to be paid affebting the fame Lands,Tenements or Hereditaments, or affebting other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments Handing fettled to the fame, or the like Ufes, Intents or Purpofes; or where fuch Money Ihall nut be fo applied, then the fame Ihall be laid out and inverted under the like Direflion and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Mefluages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which (hall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trulls, Intents and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Hereditaments which Ihall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid. Hood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement Ihall be exirting, undetermined, and capable of taking Effebt; and in the Meantime and until fuch Purchale Ihall be made, the faid Money Ihall, by order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the faid Accountant Grneral in his Name in the Purchafe of Three per Centum Confolidated, or Three per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities r and in the Meantime and until the Lid Bank Annuiries Ihall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold lor the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the faid Confuhdated or Reduced Bank Annuities Ihall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the faid Courr, to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been ent.tled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments lb hereby directed to be purchafed, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

IX.	Provided, always, and be it further enabled. That if any Money fa Application agreed or affeffed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments w|l,n th« . purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging to any i, Mahan'0 Body Politic, or to any Perfon or Perfons under any Difability or Ir.capa- soot, and excity as aforefaid, (hal! be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and “*'ts >ol‘ Ihall be equal to, or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all

fuch Cafes the lame Ihall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians,

Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpebtive Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied inManner herein-berore direbled, or otherwile the fame Ihall be pda, at the like Option, to TwoTruftees to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Three or more of the Lid Juftices for executing this Abt (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that fuch P. incipal Money and the Dividends arifing thereon, may be applied in Manner hercin-before directed, fo far as the Cafe Ihall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court ot Chancery.

X.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That when fuch Money fo Application agreed or affelTed to be paid as herein before mentioned, fball be lets than whtP Mo-Twenty Pounds, then, and in all fuch Caies the fame Ihall be applied to aoyt.,S *efstha" the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been

entitled

2092

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 107.

entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken or ufid for the Purpofes of this Afl, in fitch Manner as the laid Juftices or anyThreeor nioreof them (hallthink fir, or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then tohis, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufc and Benefit of fuch Petfon or Perfons fo entitled refpe&ively.

In cafe of not	XI. And be it further ena&cd, That in cafe the Peifon or Perfons to

Titles5 °UC	whom any Sum or Sums of Money fhall be awarded or afiefled for any

Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchafed by virtue of this Ait, (hall refufe to accept the fame, or iball not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes to the SatisL&ion of the laid Juftices, or in cafe the Perlon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money (hall be fo awarded or afielTed as aforefaid cannot be found, or if the Pcrfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments be not known or difcovered, then, and in every fuch Cafe it fhall be lawful for the faid Juftices to order the Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded or afiefled as aforefaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the faid Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments \defcribing ibem\ fubjedt to the Order, Controul, and Dif-pofition of the laid Court of Chancery, which faid Court, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money or any Part thereof by Motion or Petition, fhall be, and is berth -powered in a fummary Way of Proceeding, or other wife as to the .a. ; Court fhall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted ir. Public Funds, and to order Diftribution thereof or Payment of the Dividends thereof according to the refpedtive Eftate or Eftares, Title or 1 ur-refts of the Perfon or Peribns making Claim thereunto, and to make h<. ■ other Order in the Premifes as to the fa d Court fhall feem jult and realor -able-, and the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England, who fhall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and Specifying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or PerJons as fhall pay any fuch Sum or Sums into the Bank as aforefaid.

perfons in XII. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That where any PoiieiTmn ihal! Queftion fnall arife touching the Title of any Perfon or Perfons to any entftled'mTlefi Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Pri-the contrary vity of the Accountant Genera] of the Court of Chancery in purfuance of be fhewn. this for t>ie purchafe 0f any LaridSjTenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Eftate, Right, or intcreft in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchafed in purfuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or to the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who Iball have been in Pofleffion of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Peifon or Perfons, or under the Pof-feffion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, (hall be deemed and taken to be lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, ot Hereditaments according to fuch Pofleffion, until the contrary iball be fhewn to the Satisfaction of the faid Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, (hall be paid, applied, and difpufcd of accordingly, unlcfs it (bail

be

aogj

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 107.

be made appear to the IVid Court that fuch Pofilffion was a wrongful Pof-ftfli >n, and thar feme o her Pei foil or Pcrfons was or were I iwfuily entitled to fuch Laud', Tenements, or Hc;ed.laments, or to fome Eltate ur Intcred therein.

XIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled. That where by re a fun of o/1/^cruJtf(^7 any Difabilitv or 1 icapacity of the Perl’on or Perlons or Corporation end- ar,ic Expfnrc3 tied to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchafed under

the Authority (f this Aft, the Purchafe Money for the fame (hall be re- juiticwT' qui ed to be p id into the faid Court, and to be applied in thePUrchafe of other Lands or Hereditaments to be fettled to the like Ufes in purfuance of this Aft, it (hall be lawful for the laid Court to order the Expencesof all Purchafes from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of this Aft, or fj much of fuch Expences cs the Court (halt deem reafonable, together with the necefla y Cods and Charges of obtaining fuch Order, to be paid by the faid Judices, who fhall from Time ro Time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Pu pcfts as the faid Court fhall direft.

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That when fuch Piece or Pieces cf JnMccsmsy

Ground fh II be purchafed by the (aid Judices in Manner aforefaid, ic dull Buiiding^on and may be Lw ul for the faid Judices or any Three or mote of them, to fuch irucc of caufe any Houfe or Houfes or other Buildings on fuch Piece or Pieces of lheyU(ha]?pur-Ground to be taken down, and to fell or ctherwife difpofe of the Materials ci.afe to be of fuch Houfes or other Buildings relpeftivdy, and to apply any Money	’

arifing from fuch S lie towards defraying the Expences of executing this Shire H.nl and Aft-, and further to caufe anew Shire Hall or Seflions Houfe, with all

proper and nectfLry Apartments, Offices, and Buildings to be erefted on fuch Piece or Pieces of Ground to the Ufe of the faia County of Sujfex, end for other good and nec'-fiary Ptirpofes for the better Performance of the King’s Service in the faid County, and other the Purpofes herein-after mentioned, as alfo to fit up and provide with all neceffary Accommodation* the fame Shire Hall and Scffions Houfe in a fuitable Manner, and to con-traft and agree with any Perfonor Perfons for the building, fitting up, and providing with all neceffary Accommodations fuch new Shire Hall or Sef-fions Houfe, as to them the faid Judices or any Three or more of them fhall from Time to Time feem meet.

XV.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful for pOWerto refeil the faid Judices or any Three cr more of them to fell, difpofe of, and by »r let any Indenture or Indentures under their Hands and Seals, or the Hands and Groumfto be Seals of any Three or more of them, to grant and convey* by Way of abfo- purchafed lute Sale in Fee Simple, far a ConfHeration or Confiderations in Money, or j!*j£h n’a* "ot to demifeor let all or any Part or Pads of the faid Lands, Tenements, or the p„rpofcs°r Hereditaments which may have been purchafed in purfuance of this Aft, ofth»5 Adas fhall in the Judgement of the faid Judices or any Three or more of them

not be wanted for the Purpofes of this Aft, and upon Payment of the Purchafe Money for fuch Lands^ Tenen ents, or Hereditaments, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Treafurer of the faid County acting within the E-ftern Divifion thereof, or Clerk of the Peace of the faid County, to fign and give Receipts for fuch Money, which Receipts fhall be a full and fufficient Difcharge to any Pcrfon or Perfons whomfoever, for the Purchafe Money for which fuch' Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments fhall be fold, or which fhall arife from the letting the fame or any Part thereof, or for fo [Loc. PcrS]	23	S	much

2094-

Monies to be applisd in aid of Act.

New ShiicHall and ieflions Houfe to be repaired when built, out of the County Rate.

Money to be raifcd for the Purpofcs of

48“ GEORGII lit Cap. 107.

much thereof as (ball in iuch Receipt or Receipts be expreffed or acknowledged to be received; and Inch Peifon or Pei Ions (hall not afterwards be anjwerable or accountable for any Loffcs, M'iapplication or Non-application of fuch Purchafe or other Money, or any Part thereof; and the Monies arjfing: from the Sale of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or from the letting the lame or any Part thereof as afore faid, (hall be applitd and difpofed of by ihefaid Juft ices or any Three or more of them, in paving and defraying the Cofts, Charges, and Expellees of carrying chefeveral Purpofcs of this Act into Execution.

XVI.	And be it further enadled, That when the faid new Shire Hall and Sefiions Houfe (ball be built, fitted up, and finiihed, the fame (hall be forever ?f;er repaired, fupponed, maintained, provided with proper Accommodations, and infured from Fire, as Occafion (ball require, at the Expence and Charge of the faid Eaftern Divifion of the fa/d County of Suffix, by the Order of the Juftices of ihe Peace for the faid Eaftern Di vifion of the faid County, from Time to Time, by and out of the Monies to be raifcd by the General Rate and Affeffmcnt which for the Time being (ball be made, affeffed, and levied in, and upon the faid Eaftern Part of the faid County, by force of the Statute of the Twelfth of George the Second, intituled. An Aft for the more eafy ajpjfmg, colleclin?, [and levying of County Pates, in the fame Manner as the faid Aft appoints in reipect to public Buildings of Counties ingeneial, or of any other Statute hereafter to be made for the affcfiing, collecting, and levying of Rates for the faid County in rTpetft of public Buildings; and any Tax or Taxes, Rates or Affeffmenrs, which (hall be payable for or in refpeift of the fa.d new Shire Hall or S<fIions Houfe, fhail be paid by the faid Treafur r acting within the faid Eaftern Divifi jn of the faid County of Suffix, out of the laid General Rare or Afftfl’menc to be made, afftfl'ed, ana levied in and upon the laid Eaftern Divifion cf the faid County j and that fuch Tax and Taxes, Ra es and Affeffinents, may be recovered of and from the faid Treafurer in like Manner as from any other Perfon liable to pay the fame.

XVII.	And, f;r the raifing of Money for thePurpofes of this A<ft, be it further enafted, That the laid Juftices or any Three or more of ihem (hall and may, from Time to Time as often as (hall be nectffuy, raife and levy, and caufe to be raifcd and levied, one or more Rate or Affcffment, Rates or AILffments, upon all and every the Boroughs, Towns Corporate, and Cinque Ports, and Members thereof, Liberties, FfancKIfes, Parifhes, Town-Blips, and other Places within the faid Eaftern Divifion of the faid County of Suffiex, which faid Rate or Afleffmcnt, Rates or Affeffments, ftiall be laid and olEA" d upon every fuch Borough, Town Corporate, Cinque Port, and Member thereof, Liberty, Franchife, Parifh, Townftiip, and Place within the faid Eaftern Divifion of the faid County, in fuch Proportions as the Rentals or Valuations, according to which the Lands, Tenements, Tythcs, and Hereditaments in the faid Boroughs, Towns Corporate and Cinque Ports, and Members thereof. Liberties, Franchifes, Parilhes, Townfhips, and Places noware or hereafter may be charged to the Tax, commonly called the Prope rty Tax, under and by virtue of an A (ft, intituled. An sift for granting to His Majefty, during the prefent War, and until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of any Definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Rates and Duties in Great Bricain, on Profits arifing from Proper-ty, Pr (/efforts, Trades and Offices ; and for repealing an Aft pc.fifed in the

5	Forty.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. i«7.

Forty-fifth Tear of His prefect Majefty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arifingfrom Property, Profrffions^Trades^aniOffices\ and to confolidate and render more effectual the Provfions for co He fling the faid Duties *, or any fjbfequenc Ad to be paffed for the Furpofe of impofing a Duty upon Property or Income refpedively bear to each other, and that the feveral and refpedive Sum or Sums of Money fo to be a defied upon each and every fuch Borough, Town Corporate, and Cinque Port, and Member thereof. Liberty, Franchife, Panlh, Townfhip, or Place within the faid Eaftern Divifion of the laid County (hall and may be collected by the High Confta-ble or High C >nft.ibles of the refpedive Hundreds and D.finds within the faid Eafiem Divifion of the faid County, as far as refpeds chat Pait of the Eafiern Divifion of the faid County, not wichin the Jurifdidion of the Cinque Ports, and as far as rtfpeds that Part of the faid Esftern Divifion lying within the Jurifdidion of the Cinque Ports, by the proper Officer or Officers to be duly appointed for thacPurpofe, by the refpedive Mayors, Bailiffs, or other Magiftrates ading within the fame, and which faid Officer or Officers, they the faid Mayors, Bailiffs, or other Magiftrates, and every or any of them, are refpedively authorized and requi ed to appoint accoidingly, and by him and them refpedively accounted for and paid over to the Treafurer < f the faid County ading within the faid Eafiern Divifion thereof, and (hall be paid to fuch High Conftable or High Confta-bles, Officer or Officers, by fuch Churchwardens, Overfeers, or other Officers of the feveral Townftiips, Parifhes, or Places lying within the faid refpedive Hundreds or othtr Diftrids upon which the fame fhall be f om Time to Time ra ed and affeffed, out of fuch Moni s, and in fuch Manner, and fubjed to fuch Powers and Remedies for enforcing the Payment, Col-ledinn, and accounting for the fame, and to fuch Penalties for Failure in the Execution thereof, and fuch other Provifions, Diredions, and Limitations touching and concerning the fame (except lo far as the fame are varied or altered by this Ad) as in and by an Ad paff d in the Twelfth Year of His late Majefty King George the Second, intituled, An Adi for the more eafy offeffing^ levying, and colle fling of County Rates, are made, enaded, and provided touching and concerning the affeffing, levying, colleding, paying, and accounting for the general County Rates •, which laid Churchwardens, Ovcrleers of the Poor, or other Officer or Officers fo paying, or called upon to pay fuch Sum or Sums of Money fo rated and affeffed upon every fuch Townfhip, Pariffi, or Place under the Authoiity of this Ad, fhall and may and are hereby authorized and empowered to levy and raife, by an equal Rate of Taxation upon all and every the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lancs, Tenements, Tyth.es, and other He reditaments chargeable by Law with any Rate or Affeffment for the Relief of the Pour within the faid refpedive Townftiips, Paiilhes, qr Places, fuch Sum or Sums of Money as fhall be required in order to reimburfe themfelves what fhall be paid or required to be paid for any fuch Rate or Aflxfl'rient impofed upon them by the-Authority of this Ad, of which Rate or Affeffment, Rates and Affcff-mtnts, it fhall and may be lawful for the Occupier or Tenant, Occupiers or * Tenants of all and any Lands, Tenements, or Hered laments charged therewith, (bolding the fame at a Rack Rem) to charge one Moiety upon their refpedtive Landlord or Landlords, and to dedud the fame out of the Rents which (hall become payable for the fame: Provided always, that the Sum of the Rates or Affeft’ments to be railed and levied under the Authority of this Ad, upon all and every fuch Boroughs, Towns Corporate, and Cinque Ports, and Members thereof, Liberties, Fran.chifes, Parifhes, Town-

2096	480GEORGiI	III.	Cap.ioj.

lhips, and Places within the faicJ Faftcrn Divifion of the faid County, within the Space of any one Year, fhall not exceed Eight-pence in the Pound upon the Rentals or Valuations of the feveral Lands, 1 cnements, Tythes, and Hereditaments within the laid Boroughs, Towns Corporate, a^d Cinque Ports, and Members thereof. Liberties, Franchifes, Pari(he>:, Townships, arid Places fo to be taken as aroreLid, and that the whole Sum cf Money to be i\dfed and alTAed by the Authority of this Ad(cxdufive of what may be required fir paying the Intereft of Money borrowed, and the Charges and Expences of levying and coll: ding the fame) fhall not exceed the Sum of Fifteen thoufand Pounds.

in n.ie-5	XVIII.	And whereas there are fev ral B roughs. Towns Cotporate, Li-

dee^haveno* berties, and other diftind Jurifdidions within the Eaftcrn Divifion of the Power, they faid County of Sujfex, in which the Juftices ading in the Commiflion of the kt^alteTtUn6 "^cace f°r die lame County have no Power or Authority; be ic therefore the Proportion further enad. d, Thar it fliall and may be lawful to and for the Juftics of of tins Rate 5 the Peace of the County of Sitjftx, at their next General or Quarter Sefiiom to be holden in and for the Lid Eaftrrn Divifion of the Lid County, after the pafli ig of this Ad, or at any fubfequenc General or Quarter Scffions, or any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, or at any Adjournment of any former Srflions, to conclude and agree up .n, order, dired, and afeertain the Shares and Proportions which the Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Liberties, and other diftind Jurifdsd ons aforefaid* {hall rel’prdiveiy raife and pay of luch Sum and Sums of Money, as the laid Juftices ftia'I from Time to Time find neccffary for thePurpofes of th s Ad, in the fame Proportion, as near as may be, to the whole Sum whicr. ftvaii be railed under or by virtue of this Ad, as the Yearly Rent or Value of the Mcftuagrs, Lands,Tenements, Tythes, and Hereditaments fituite, lying, ar lir.g, and being within fuch Boroughs, Towns Corporare, Liberties and othei diftind Jurifdidions aforefaid, bears to the Yearly Value of the MdTuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and Hereditaments fnuate, lying, arifing and being within the reft of the faid Eaftern Divifion of the laid County, luch Rent or Valuation to be calculated as aforefaid.

and t'.i* Ma- XIX. And be it further enaded, That the Juftices or other Magistrates SlhT’ac^s a&,ng *n *or r*ie Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Liberties, and other dial: afi'ifs and diftmd Jurifdidions aforefaid, fnali and they are hereby authorized and r.tvVordered reclu*re^ t0 an(^ ra‘^c t^e S'Jm or Sums o f Money which fit all be fo tob:°rafcd. ordered and dirtded by the Juftices of the Peace of the Lid County cf S Jjex refident as aforefaid, to be raifed and paid by fuch Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Liberties, and other diftind Jurifdidions refpedively as aforefaid, in the lame Manner, and with the fame Powers, Authorities and Methods as in and by this Ad are given and prclcribcd to the Juftices of the Peace of the faid County, for aliening and raifing Monks for the Pur-pofes of this Ad, and in like Ma"*ur \ and fuch Juftices or other Magiftrates ading in and for fuch Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Liberties, and other diftind Jurifdidions, (hall pay or caufc to be paid fuch Monies, when colleded and received, to theTreafurtr crTreafereis appointed to and ading for the Ealtern Divifion of the County aforefaid, who lhall account for the fame to the Juftices of the Peace of the fa>d County, in the fame Manner as for the Money received in the faid Eallern Divifion of the Lid County as aforefaid i provided that nothing in this Ad contained fhiil give to the Juftices of ths Peace of the laid County any Power or Au-

thoiity

2097

48* GEORG 11 III. Cap. 107.

thoriiy in the Borough?, Towns Corporate, Liberties or other dif-tinft jurii'diftions which they had not before (fave and except as herein is excepted,)

XX.	And it is hereby further enacted. That for and .notwithstanding Proportion of ar>v Thing hereinbefore contained, the A(IcflVnent for the Pur poles of this fs^ci-ique °U Ad, to be raifed and levied on the Cinque Ports and Members thereof, Ports, fhall, in relpeft of the limited Uie which the laid Cinque Ports and Mem-

btrs will have and enjoy of the faid Scftions Iloufe, be in the Proportion of One to Five only of the Aflcfl'ment which is raifed and levied on the other Part of the laid Eaftern Divifion of the laid County for the Purpofes of this Aft (that is to fay) if the Affeffment on the other Part of the laid Eaftern Dmfion be after the Rate of Five Pence in the Pound, then the AUcflrnenc on the laid Cinque Ports and the Members fliall not exceed the Hate of One Penny in the Pound.

XXI.	And in order to enable the faid Juftices of the Peace to form Power for the proper Judgment of any Rate or Rates co be made in purfuance of this fie,'kofThe Aft, and to grant proper Relief; be it further enacted. That the faid Juft Peace to call tices of the Peace or any Three or more of them, or the faid Clerk of the rl^pf Peace for the faid County, afting under their Autnpriry, fhall and may, and Kates.

they ana he arc, and is hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time, duiing the Execution of this Aft, to caufe any of the Books of Af-ieffmentef the Property or Income Tax, fo far as the fame relate or refer to, or in anywife concern the Statement of Property to be fet forth and Rated in the Schedule (A.) in the laid recited Aft made in the Forey-fixth Tear of the Reign of His prefrnt Majefty, and the Rental or Valuation by which fuch Aftcfirnents are made, mentioned, and dtlcribed within the faid Eaftern Divifion of the faid County, and aifo within the feveral Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Liberties, and other diftiaft Jurifdiftions within the Eaftern Divifion aforefaid, to be brought before them or him, and to take Copies of fuch Books or any Part or Parrs thereof as they, he, or any of them fhall think hr, fuch Compenfation being made to the Parties producing the fame refpcftively as the laid Juftices refidem as aforefaid, or any Three or more of them, fhall think reafonable \ and if any Perfon or Perfons in whole Custody or Power any of the faid Books fliall be, (hall negleft or refute to attend the faid Juftices, or the laid Cierk of the Peace with fuch Book or Books, or to permit them, him, or any of them to take Copies thereof as aforefaid, then, and in every fuch Cate every Perlon who p_,, of iol fhall. fo reft :• or negleft, fliall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the oiIp^obs' Sum of Tea Pounds, to be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods 11 peering or and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, Perfon or Perfons fo making De* produce K°««s, fault, together with the Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, by Warrant un- &c-der the Hand and Seal of any one of the Juftices of the Peace refiding within and afting for the faid Eaftern Divifion of the faid County, rendering the Overplus to the Party or Parties refpeftively on whofe Goods and Chattels fuch Diftrefs and Sale fhall be fo made as aforefaid; and the fame Penalties or Forfeitures, when recovered and received, fh?ll forthwith be paid to the Treafurer or Treafurers of the faid Eaftern Divifion, to be applied towards the Purpoles of this Aft.

2098	4S0	GEORGII	III.	Cap,	107.

Application of XXII. And be it further enabled, That the Monies to be raifed and teiS*yt° received by virtue of this Aft, (hall in the firft; Place be applied in oil-charging and paying all the Expences of obtaining thb Aft, with lawful Intercft from the Time of advancing thereof, and afterwards for the feve-rnl Purpofes of this Acr, as the laid Juftices or any Three or more of them fhall from Time to Time think fit and direft; and that after all fuch Charges and Expences, and the Charges of making luch Purchafes as aforefaid, and of erefting, finifhing, and completing the laid Shire Hall and Buildings, and all the Debrs incurred thereby, and all other Monies ro he paid in purfuance of this Aft:, fh 11 be fully paid and fiuisfud, the Surplus of the Monies to be railed and borrowed bv virtue r.f this Aft fhall,by Order of the faid Juftices, or by any Three or more of them, be paid into the public Stock of the Eaftern Divifion of the laid County, and be deemed and taken, and (hall and may be applied and paid as P.ut of the common Stock, to and for fuch Ufcs as the Stock of the laid Eaftern Divifion of the County can or may be applied.

Poxir for the XXIII. And whereas there are within the faid Eaftern Divifion of the p<!iiit*Pi;00*11»” kid County of Sujfex, Extra-parochial or other peculiar P.aces over or to to act in the which no Oveiftus or Ovcrleer of the Poor, Petty Conftable, or orher Overmen°fbr Peace Officer, are, is, or have or hath been accuftorned ro be appoimed, <he purpofes of and in which laid Extra-parochial or other peculiaf Places there are fituate, E»ra-parc” lying, arifing, and being divers Meffu.iges or Tenement®, L tnds, Tythes, chi aland other and Hes editaments: And whereas the Non-appointment of fuch OvtrLers vfhei'^no *aCeS °r Overfeer, Petty Con (fable, or other Peace Officer might impede the Orerfters are ta'rying into Execution this Aft; to remedy which beic further enafted, appointed. That from 3nd after the paffing of this Aft, it fhall and may be lawf ul to and for the Juftices of the Peace reiident as aiorefaid, and acting within the Eaftern Divifion of the laid County, at their General Quarter Seffions of the Peace to be holden in and for the faid Eaftern Divifion, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, to appoint one or more proper Perfon or Perfons in the Nature of, and to aft as an Overfeer or Overfeers, Petty Conftable, or other Peace Officer, within and for fuch Extra-parochial or other peculiar Places refpeftively, for effiftoating the Purpofes of this Aft; and fuch Perfon and Perfons refpeftively ftiall have the like Powers veiled in them refpeftively for the effeftuating all fuch Purpofes, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if he or they had been appointed an Overfeer or Ovcrle rs of the Poor, Petty Conftable, or other Peace Officer, under any of the exiftent Statute Laws now in being: And, for the ThelikePower more fully effeftuating the Purpofes of this Aft, the like Power is hereby BaWfs°Stc g*ven t0 all Mayors, Bailiffs, Jurats, Juftices and other chief Officers in Berou^be, within all and every the Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Cinque Ports, and Tow”8 a°d c^e Members thereof, Liberties, Franchifes, Parilhes, Townlhips, Places othe^diftinct and other diftinft Jurifdiftions within the faid Eaftern Divifion of the laid wkMnwi°ch bounty, wkhin which the Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of the ialdjuf* Sufj'oK have no Jurifdiftion, who are hereby alfo refpeftively authorized and tices have no required to appoint fuch Perfon or Perfons to aft as an Overfeer or Over-jurifdiction. pcerSj pfIty Conftable or other Peace Officer, within all and every the Extra-parochial and other peculiar Places within their faid fevcral and refpeftive Jurifdiftions, for the Purpofes of this Aft; any Statute,Law, Cuftom, Privilege, or Ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIV. And,

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 107.	2099

XXIV.	And, for the more f'peedy railing a Fund for the Purpofes of this Act j be it further enacted. That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid borrow Monty Juftices or any Three or more of them, ac their Fir 11 or any fubfequent Pur-Meeting or Meetings to be hrld in purfuance of this Act, to borrow and J°t®80 1 9 take up on the Credit of the Rates and Affcfiinents to be levied by virtue of this Act, in Sums of not Itfs than One handled Pounds or more than One th.;ufand Pounds each, at legal or lower Incereft, luch Sum and Sums of Money as they the laid Juftices or any Three or more of them (hall think fit, fo as the Money to be borrowed as aforefaid do not exceed the Sum of Fifteen thouland Pounds, and to charge all luch Rates and Afleff-merits with the feveral Sums of M >ney fo borrowed, and the Intereft due and to grow due thereon refpectivcly: Provided nevertheless, that the aggregate Amount of the Rate or feveral Rates to be made, levied, and received under the Authority of, and for the Purpofes of this Aer, (ball not in any one Year or within the Space of Twelve facet (live Calendar Months, exceed Eight Pence in the Pound, according to the Rentals or Valuations aforefaid, or any or either of them; and for fecuring all and every fuch Sum and Sums of Money fo borrowed, the laid Juftices or any Three or more of them may, and are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, to mortgage, demife, grant or affign the faid Rates and Afi'effments, or any Part or Parts thereof (che Charges of fuch Mortgages, Demifes, Grams or Alignments to be paid for thereout) to any Pcrlon or Perfons, as a Security or Securities for the Money which (hall be fo borrowed, and the Intereft thereof; and Copies of all fuch Mortgages, Demifes, Grants or Afiignmems, (hall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpofe by the Clerk of the Peace for the faid County of Snjfex or his Deputy, (or each of which Copies he (ball be paid the Sum ot hive Sh.ilingc.

XXV.	And be it further enacted. That all Perfons to whom fuch Mort- Mortgagees to gages, DemYes, Grants or Alignments (hall be made, (hall be, in Propor- Creditors in tion to the Sum or Sums therein refprctiveiy mentioned. Creditors on the et*ua e.81CC* faid Rates and Affcffments fo to be mortgaged as aforefaid, in equal Degree one with another, and (hall not have any Preference with refpect to

the Priority of advancing any fuch Monies or of the Dates of their re-fpective Mortgages in reipect to the Payment of the Intereft thereof, but that the Principal thereof (hall be paid in fuch Courfe and Order according to Dates, Numbers, or Advances, as the faid Juftices or any Three of them (hall from Time to Time direct and appoint; but fo that the whole Money to be fecured upon the Credit of fuch Rates and AfTeffments (hall or maybe difeharged within Fourteen Years from the Time of palling this Act.

XXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That the Trca- Notice to be furei of the faid County acting within the Eaftern Divifion thereof, do

and (hall give Notice by Advertilcment in the Lewes Journal, or fome other £1° tcmi* public Newfpaper ufually circulated within che laid County, of the Intention cf the faid Juftices, to pay off the Principal of ail or any of the faid Securities, fpecifying the Time when and what Securities are intended to be paid off, at leaft Three Calendar Months before the Time of fuch intended Paymnr, and that from the Time fpecified in fuch Notice, ail Intereft upon fuch Securities refpectively (hall ceafe and be at an End; and the Principal thereof, together with the Intereft due up to that Period, ftiaii

be

2ioo	4S0	GEORG	11 III. Caf- ioj.

be placed in the Hands of the faid County Treafurer, to be paid to the Owner or Owners of fuch refpective Securities whcnevtr the fame Iball be demanded.

XXVII.	And be it further taa&ed. That ihe Form of every Mortgage to be made by vir ue ot this Act as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money to he borrowed on the Credit thereof, (hall be in the Words following, or in any other Words to the like Purport or Effect; (that is to fay)

Form of

Mortgage.

: nY Virtue of an Act pa {Ted in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of 1 ' His Majefty King George the Third, intituled. An Act [here infer t the 1 Title of this Atf\ We, Three of the Commillioners appointed by the laid ; Act, being Juftices as aforefaid, in Confideration of the Sum of :	advanced	and	lent	by A. B. up m the Credit and for

1	the Purpofes of the laid Act, do grant, bargain, fell, and demife unto the ; faid A.B. his Executors, Admimftrators and Ad'gns, luch Proportion of : the Rates and Monies arifing by virtue of the faid Aft as the Sum of doth or (hall bear to the whole Sum which may at any Time be borrowed or become due and owing, or charged upon the Credit of the laid Aft, to be had and hoiden from this ; Day of	in	the	Year	ot	our	Lord

until the faid Sum of	with	Intereft	for	the

; lame after the Rate of	per	Centum	per	Ahsum^	(hall

1	be repaid and fatisfied. Witneft our Hands, the	Day

of	in	the	Year	of	our	Lord	.*

Mortgage* or XXVIII. And be it further enafted. That all and every Perfon and Pcrf°ns t0 whom any fuch Mortgage or Mortgages (hall be made or granted as aforelaid, or who (hall be entitled to the Money thereby reipeel ivcIy fe-cured, may from Time to Time transfer or aflign over his, her, or their Right, Title, and Intereft to the Money thereby lecured, to any Perfon or Perfons whomlbever, by Indorfement on luch Security or other Wrimg to be annexed thereto, in the Words following, or to the like Effect* (that is to fay)

Form of	* T Do transfer this [or, the annexed] Mortgage, with all my R:ght or

Transfer.	c Title to the Principal Money hereby [cr, thereby] fecured, and ail

*	the intereft now due and to become due for the fame, to C. D. his Exe-

*	cutors, Adminiftrator9 and Affigns. Dated the

« A. B.9

Which faid Transfer or Alignment fhall be produced to the Clerk of the Peace for the Time being for the County of Suffix, or his Deputy, who fhall regifter and enter the fame in the faid Book or Books to be kept for entering the laid original Mortgage or Grant, for which he (hall be paid Five Shillings by the Perfon requefting the fame ; 2nd after luch Entry thereof marie, and not till then, every fuch Transfer (hall entitle fuch Af-fignep, his, her, or their Executors, Adminiftrators, or Afiigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon, and fuch Aflignees may in like Manner transfer and affign again from Time to Time, luch Transfer being entered and paid for as aforefaid * and it (hall hot be in the Power of fuch Perfofc or Perions whoihall have made fuch Aflignment or Transfer to make void, releafe, or difeharge the fame, or any Money due thereon j and in cafi*

any

2101

48j OEORGII III. Cap. 107.

any fdch original Mortgages, Alignments, or Securities (hall be loft or deftroyed, the Copies or Entries thereof, made as aforefaid, (hall be deemed fufficient Evidence to entitle the Perfon or Perfons to whom the Monies due thereon (hall refpeftively belong to the Payment thereof, as fully and effectually as if fuch original Mortgages, Alignments, and Securities refpeftivelv were exilting; and the Clerk or Perfon in whole Cuftody fuch Copies or Entries (hall happen to be, is hereby required to produce the fame for the Benefit of fuch Creditors refpeftively.

XXIX And be it further enabled, That the Intereft of the Money which lhall be borrowed on Mortgage as aforefaid, fhall, from the 1 ime the refpeftive Principal Monies fo to be lent or paid lhall have been advanced, be paid Half-yearly to the fcveral Parties entitled thereto.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the faid Juftices or any Three or more of them fhall and they are hereby required to meet at the Town of Lewes, on lome Day between the Firft Day of March and the Firft Day of May in every Year, until the Powers of this Aft lhall be fully performed and executed ; and at fuch Meeting the Accounts of all Monies received and paid from Time to Time, by virtue and in Execution of this Aft, by any Perfon or Pcrfons whomsoever, fhall from Time to Time be produced, ftated, examined and fettled, and fhall alfo (if required by the faid Juftices or any Three or more of them) be verified on the Oath or Oaths of the Perfon or Perfons accounting for the fame; which Oath the faid Juftices or any T hree or more of them are hereby authorized and empowered 10 adminifter.

XXXI. And be it further enafted. That all the Stones, Bricks, Timber, Materials for Iron, Lead, and other Materials for building and erefting the faid Shire bujl-|mgCourt Hall and Seflions Houfe, Buildings and other Conveniencies or any of in juftices/1 them, or any Part or Parts thereof, and all Furniture, Articles, Matters and Things ufed in or about the faid Houfe, Buildings and other Conveniencies, or any of them, bought, procured or fupplied by the Order of the faid Juftices or any Three or more of them, or bought, procured or fupplied by the Order of any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever ading by or under the Authority of fuch Juftices for fuch Purpofes as aforefaid, or any of them, fhall belong to and be the Property of, and the fame is and are hereby vefted in the Juftices of the Peace for the faid County for theTime being; and it fhall be lawful for the faid Juftices to bring or caufe to be brought any Aftion or Aftions, oraireft the preferring of any Bill or Bills of Indiftment (as the Cafe may require) againft any Perfon or Perfons who fhall fteal, fpoil, injure or deftroy the faid Houfe, Buildings, and other Conveniencies, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, or fhail fteal, take, carry away, fpoil, injure or deftroy the Stones, Bricks. Timber, Iron,

Lead, Furniture, 'Materials, Articles, Matters, and Things hereby veiled in them the faid Juftices of the Peace of the faid County for the Time being fis aforefaid, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof; and in all fuch Aftions and Bills of Indiftment, it fhall be, and be deemed and taken to be fufficient to ftate generally, that the faid Shire Hall, Seffions Houfe,

Buildings, Siones, Bricks, Iron, Lead, Furniture, Article or Articles,

Thing or Things, for or on account of which fuch Aftion or Aftions fhall be brought, or Bill or Bills of Indiftment Drcferred, is or are the Property ILoc. & Per.']	23	U	of

Inte-fft to bt padHJf-

At Yearly

Meeiingi to audit Account l.

2102

48’GEORGII III. Cap. 107.

of te The Juftices of the Peace for the County of Suffix” without parti*' cularly dating or fpecifying the Name or Names of all or any of the faid Juftices.

Ferf MS doing XXXIE And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons thall profccut€d.bC wilfully and malicioufly bre.-ik, pull down, damage or deft-oy the faid Shire Hall, Seflions Houfe or Buildings fo to be eretted, or any Part or Parts thereof, or any of the Appurtenances thereto belonging, fuch Perfon or Perfons being lawfully convicted thereof (hall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and the Court before whom fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall be trievf, (hall have full Power and Authority either to order fuch Perfon or Perfons to be tranfported for Seven Years, to fuch Place and in fuch Manner as other Feions are directed to be tranfported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, or to fuffer fuch Corporal Punifhment by whipping or other-wife, or to be punifhed by Fine, Imprifonment, or otherwife, as to the faid Court before whom fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall be tried (hall feem meet; and the Juftices of the Peace of the faid County, or the major Part of them in Quitter Seflions affembled. are hereby au borized from Time to Time to order fuch Offender or Offenders as aforefaid to be proiecuted by Indictment or Indictments, and to direct the Expenses of fuch Prosecutions to be paid by the Treafurer or Trcafurers of the faid Eaftern Divi-fion of the faid County of Suffix, ou t of the public Stock and County Rates of and belonging to the Eaftern Divifion of the faid County} and in every fuch Indictment fuch Shire Flail, Seflions Houfe, Building or Buildings and Appurtenances, ihall be alledged and defcribed, and deemed and taken to be the Shire Hall, Scfliofts Houfe, Building or Buildings and Appurtenances (as the Cafe may be) of “ The Juftices of the Peace for the County of Suffix,” without particularly naming or fpecifying the Name or Names of all or any of the faid Juftices.

T'ic shire H-n	XXXIII. And be it further enaCted, That the Juftices of the Peace for

Suffices for16 t^le Time being of the faid Eaftern Divifion of the faid County, (hall (land public Piii -	and be feifcd of, and interefted in the (aid Shire Hall and Seftions Houfe and

pofes.	Buildings fo to be erected and built as aforefaid, and every Matter and

Thing appertaining thereto, upon fpecialTruft and Confidence, and to the End, Intent,and Purpole that the faid Juftices (hall and will from Time to Time and at all Times after the fame ihall be built and finiihed, peaceably and quietly and freely permit and fuffir all the Courts of the Juftices cf Aflize and Nifi Prius, Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery for the faid County of Sujfex, and alfo the C ourts of General Quarter Srflions of the Peace for the Eaftern Divifion of the faid County, and all other Courts of the faid Juftices of the Peace for the faid Divifion, to be holden in the faid Shire Hail and the Appurtenances thereunto belonging, with free Liberty for all Perfons whom it (hall concern to act and officiate in, and to refort to and attend upon the faid Courts as they (hail have Occa-fion, and alfo peaceably, quietly, and freely permit and fuffer the Sheriff and Freenolders of the faid County of Sujfex for the Time being, when, and as there (hall beOccafion, in the (aid Shire Hall to make Elections of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to ferve in Parliament, and of a Coroner or Coroners for the fame County, and alfo for the faid Sheriff to hold therein his County Court-, and peaceably, quietly, and freely permit and fuffer the Lords of the Borough of Lewes, and their refpective*

8	Stewards,

2103



'■*•4

!^or £ ftrfu

(tofp.

>	nit.:, rPafo-j catr m

>	other, i lothe oil iteia

I* Pin «To* '-KXHd Meo. ■flDw* rSita m in BaiM. eJinJ 3 aid toithe mm

rfcr bnd rand and otbe ire to reaWt :ej ef refer Jem other icldeo ( with re itti

Oca-

Sheriff

rj.atd s of* jTOfler i feoW pcntft

48” GEORG 11 III. Cap. 107,

Stewards, Deputy Stewards, Tenants, and other Perfons having Bufintfs to tranfadl, to hold Courts Leet and Courts Baron in the faid Shire Hall, and from Time to Time to meet, aflemble, and continue therein, as long as they fhall have Occafion fo to do j and alfo peaceably, quietly, and freely permit and fuffer the Conftabies for the Time being, and other Inhabitants of the faid Borough of Lewes to aflemble, meet, and continue there, to make Elections of Burgefles to ferve in Parliament for the faid Borough, or for any other pub-ic Purpofe for which they have hitherto been accuftomed to ufe the prefent Shire Hall, as often as there (hall be Occafion; and that when the faid Shire Hall ftiall not be ufed or employed for any of the Pu poles aforefaid, the faid Juftices may and are hereby empowered from Time to Time and at all Times to permit and fuffer the faid Shire Hall and Appurtenances to be ufed and employed in, and for all and every or any fuch other Ufcs and Purpofes, and in fuch Manner as the Juftices of the Peace at their General Quarter Seffions fhall think proper and diredt, fuch Sheriff, Conftabies, Lords of the Leet and Courts Baron and other Perfons refpedlively uflng the fame, to bear, pay, and dilcharge the Expences of cleanfing the fame Shire Hall as often as the fame fhall be by them refpedlively ufed, and of repairing and making good all Damages that may be luflamed or occaftoned by the Ufe thereof as aforefaid:

Provided nevenhelefs, that nothing in this Adi contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to permit or authorize the faid Sheriff or his Deputy, or the Fteeho'ders of the faid County, or the Conftabies or Inhabitants of the faid Borough, to ufe or occupy any Part or Parts of the faid intended Shire Hall, which fhall be appropriated to, and ufed as a Court or Courts of Joffice, or as an Office or Offices* Place or Places for the keeping therein the Public Records, Books and Papers belonging to the faid County.

XXXIV. And be it further enadled, That the faid Juftices of the juftices Peace for the Time bemg may fue and be fued in any Court or Courts of fueand be1 Law or Equity, for or in refpedl of any Claim, Contract, or other Matter courtof Law or Thing made or done by them or any of them under the Authority of or Equity, this Adf, or for or in refpedl of any Nuifance, Encroachment or Trefpafs made, done, or committed by any Perfon or Perfons vvhomfoever in or upon the laid Shire Hall, Seffions Houfe, Buildings and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, or any of them, or in or upon any Part or Parts thereof refpedlivdy, or in or upon any of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments hereby veiled in or to be purchaled by the faid Juftices, or in or upon any Part or Parts thereof refpedtively, in the Name of the Clerk of the Peace for the faid County or his Deputy for the Time being, and in the commencing, profecuting, carrying on and defending all fuch Adlions or Suits, fuch Shire Hall, Seffions Houfe, Buildings, Appurtenances,

Lunds, Tenements, and Hereditaments fhall be deemed and confidered in Law to be and fhall be deferibed to be in the Poflfefiion of the Juftices of the Pe ce for the County of Sujfex to all intents and Purpofes whatloever j and no fuch Adtion or Suit brought or commenced by or againft them the laid Juitic s or any of them by virtue, of this Adi, in the Name cf the faid Clerk of die Peace or his Deputy for the Time being, fhall abate or be difcoiitinued by the Death or Removal of fuch Clerk of the Peace or bis . eputy, or by any Act of the faid Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy for iTime being, done without the Confenc of the faid Juftices of the Peace for the lime being, but that fuch Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy for

the

2104-	4-8°	GE	ORGII III. Cop* 107*

the Time being (hall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in fuch clerk cf the Aftion or Suit: Provided always, that every fuch Clerk of the Peace or rSmburicd his Deputy for the Time being, lhall be from l ime to Time forthwith, by hisExpenccs. Order of the faid Juftices in Seflionsaffembled, or the major Part of them, reimburfed and paid by the Treasurer of the laid County, out of the Public Stock and County Rates of the faid EalternDivifion of the faid Coun y, all fuch Coffs, Charges and Expences as he or they (ball be put unto or become chargeable with by reafun of his being made a Plaintiff or Defendant as aforelaid.

Perfonsag- XXXV. Provided always, and be it enafted, That all Perfors who fnCVahotJe	apprehend	themfelves	overcharged	or	other	wife	aggrieved by any

QuarterSrf Aff flment or other Aft to be made or done by virtue of this prelent Aft, fioHs.	may appeal to the Juhices of the Peace aflembled at the General Quarter

Seffions of the Peace to be held for the Eaftern Divilion of the faid County, after Demand of the Monies affefled, or after fuch other Aft done, who fhall and may make fuch Orde* therein as to them or the major Part of them then and there prefent fhalileem meet-

Limitation of XXXVI. And be it further enafted, That if any Aftion or Suit fhall Actions. ke commenced again!! any Per fan or Perfons for any Thing done in pur-fuance of this Aft, fuch Aftion or Suit lhall be brought and commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Faft committed and not afterwards, and lhall be laid and brought In the County of Sujfex and not elfe-where; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Aftion or Suit fnalland Ger.c.al Iflue. may plead the General ItTue, and give this Aft and the fpecial Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs lhall become nonfuited, or difeontinue fuch Aftion or Suit, or if upon Demurrer Judgement lhall be given againlt the P.aintiff or Plaintiffs, the T.sble Coft*. Defendant or Defendants fhali and may recover Treble Colls, and have fuch Remedy for fuch Colts as any other Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Colts in any other Cafe by Law.

Public Att- XXXVII. And be it enafted. That this Aft lhall be deemed and taken to he a Public Aft, and lhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juitices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's molt Excellent Majelty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

An Act for rendering more effectual an Act of His prefent Majefty, for draining certain Low Lands lying on both Sides the River Witham, in the County of Lincoln, and for reftoring the Navigation , of the laid River from the High Bridge in the City of Lincoln to the Sea.	[i8t'n	June	1808.]

PHEREAS by an Acl paffed in the Second Tear of the Reign 2 Geo. of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Ad for draining and

preferring certain Low Lands called the Fens, lying on both Sides the River Witham, in the County of Lincoln, and for ?• flaring and maintaining the Navigation of the faid River from the High bridge in the City of Lincoln, through the Borough of Bofton to the Sea, the Low Lands and Fens in the faid A& comprifed are divided into Six feveral Diftridts or Divifions, and certain Perfons are appointed or directed to be elected. General Commifiioners for executing fuch of the Provifions of the faicJ Aft as relate to or concern the Drainage of the faid Lands, with Power to rate and tax the fame in Manner therein directed, and to borrow Money on fuch Rates and Taxes either by way of Annuity or on Mortgage, and certain other Perfons are alfo appointed or directed to be elected Commif-fioners for executing fuch of the Provifions of the faid Aft as relate to

******** **************************************-****

Cap. 10S.

[Lee. G) Per.']

23 JC

«r

2io 6

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 108.

or concern the Navigation of the faid River Wiiham, with Power to im-pofe Tolls and Duties, and to raife Money for executing the Works of Navigation in like Manner as in the faid Aft is directed concerning the Monies to be raifed for the Purpofe of Drainage: And whereas the faid General Commiflioners for Drainage have taxed and charged the Lands within the faid feveral Diftrifts to the Extent they were authorized by the faid Aft to tax and charge the fame refpeftively, and borrowed and took up at Intereft by way of Mortgage divers Sums of Money on the Credit of fiich Rates and Taxes; and the faid Commiflioners for Navigation have alfo borrowed Money in like Manner on the Tolls and Duties of the faid Navigation; all which Monies fo borrowed by the faid refpeftive Com-zniflioners have been expended in defraying the Expences of obtaining the faid Aft, and in part Execution thereof; but by reafon of the defective Provifions of the faid Aft, and the Incompetency of the faid Rates and ’Faxes, Tolls and Duties, and of the Means prefcribed for obtaining Money thereon, feveral Works both of Drainage and Navigation are yet unexecuted, in confequence whereof the Lands lying within the Firft, Third, and Fifth Diftrifts remain liable to Injury from Floods, and the Commerce of the Country, by reafon of the defeftive State of the faid Navigation, is materially interrupted ; it is therefore expedient that certain Provifions of the faid Aft fhould be repealed, and other Powers granted in lieu thereof, and that a further Rate or Tax fhould be charged on the faid Firft, Third, and Fifth Diftrifts, and the Tolls and Duties of the faid Navigation regulated and increafed; and it might alfo facilitate the raifing of the Money intended to be charged on the Tolls and Duties of the faid Navigation, if the faid General Commiflioners were empowered to obtain the lame by a Transfer of fuch Tolls and Duties, upon the Terms, and fub-j'eft to the Reftriftions and Provifions herein contained; But the feveral Purpofes aforefaid cannot be effefted without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty, that it may be enacted ; And. be it enafted by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the Such Parts of fame, That the faid recited Aft, and all and every the Claufes, Powers, •A^sa^are^ P''ov^osj Authorities, Matters and Things therein contained, fave and not repealed except fuch as ‘are hereby altered, varied, or repealed, or which militate by this Ad, againft, or are repugnant to the Provifions and Purpofes of this Aft, (hall to remain in kej remain, and continue in full Force and Efteft, and fhall be as good, crcc" valid, and effectual for carrying this Aft into Execution, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame were repeated and enafted with Words to make the fame applicable to the Purpofes and Provifions herein contained.

Certain	II,	And be it further enafted, That when and as foon as the Sum of

Ciaufes and Seventy thoufand Pounds, or any greater Sum fhall have been obtained Pf°he Wi h ty ^le ^ General Commiflioners upon the Credit or by the Transfer and am Act ic- * Aflignment of the 'Foils and Duties iinpofed by the faid recited Aft and pealed. this Aft, on Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities carried or conveyed through or upon the faid Navigation, in exercife of the Power hereinafter veiled in them in that Behalf, and all Monies that have already or fhall at any Time hereafter be borrowed by the faid Commiflioners for Navigation, or that fhall be due and owing from them to any Perfon or Perfons whomsoever, fhall have been paid off and difeharged, and the Sum

©f

2107

48* GEORGII ITT. Cap. 108.

of Thirty thoufand Pounds hereinafter authorized to be raifed by the faid General Commiflioners under the Provifions of the faid recited A&, fhall alfo have been obtained, that then and from thenceforth fo much and fuch Parts of the fame Aft, and of the feveral Claufes and Provifions therein contained as refpe&ively relate to or concern the Height or Surface of the Water in the faid River Witham, the cleanfing, fcouring, widening, deepening, and embanking the faid River from the Grand Sluice at Bojlon to Lincoln High Bridge, and executing the feveral Works direfted or authorized to be done by the faid General Commifiioners within the faid Firft, Third, and Fifth Diftri&s, that fhall not then have been made, done, and executed, or which relate to or concern the feveral Works of Navigation authorized to be made, done, and executed by the faid Commifiioners for Navigation, and fo much of the faid recited Ad, as exonerates or difcharges from the Stamp Duties any Mortgage, Alignment, Transfer, Security, or other Proceeding by any Commifiioners or Commiflioner for putting the faid recited Ad into Execution, that would otherwife be fubjed or liable to any fuch Duties, fhall be and the fame is and are hereby refpedively repealed, and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

III.	And be it further enaded, That the faid General Commifiioners or Commiflion-any Seven or more of them fhall and they are hereby authorized and re- *r*t0 dfept° quired, as foon as conveniently may be after the palling of this Ad, to make ^thaanm Cuts, and cleanfe, fcour out, widen, deepen, ftraighten, and embank the and mak* *" faid River Witham, orcaufe fuch Cuts to be made and the faid River to be Cut*, cleanfed, fcoured out, widened deepened, ftraightened, and embanked from the faid Grand Sluice to the High Bridge in Lincoln, in Manner and of the feveral Dimenfions following ; that is to fay, from the faid Grand Sluice to a Place called Dorman's Dike or How Bridge Tunnel, with a Bottom Fifty Feet wide, and from thence a new Cut to be formed in a ffraight Line to near Taterjhall Bridge with a Bottom Forty Feet wide, from the End of the faid Cut to Stixfwold Ferry, the Bottom of the faid River Witham to be Thirty-four Feet wide, from thence to HorJJcy Dceps-Thirty Feet Wide, and another New Cut to be made in a ltraight Line with a Bottom of the faid laft-mentioned Width, from Horjley Deeps to join the faid River again nearly oppofite to the Woad Houles in the Parifii of Fijkerton, and from the End of the faid Cut to the Lock intended to be eroded in the Parifii of Wafhingborough, the Bottom of the faid River to be Twenty-eight Feet wide *, the Dimenfions of the faid River and Cuts from Dorman's Dike or How Bridge Tunnel upwards, being diminifhed gradually, fo astheremay not be a lefs Water-way on the Average for the refpect-ive Difiances afotefaid than of the. feveral Dimenfions before fpecified; and that the Bottom of the faid River and Cuts from the Grand Sluice to the faid Lock, fhall be carried on a Level with the Sill of the faid Grand Sluice, and that from the faid Lock in the Parifh of Wajhingborougb to the prefent Lock at Stamp End, the faid River Witham fhall be not lefs than Twenty-four Feet wide at the Bottom, and the Bottom thereof deepened to Six Feet at the leaft below the Weir or Overfall adjoining or near to the faid intended Lock in the Parifh of WaJhingborough\ the faid River and Cuts to be formed with Slopes or Batters of Three Feet horizontal to One Foot perpendicular at the lead, leaving a Foreland of not lefs than Twenty Feet on each Side thereof; and the Banks alfo formed with Slopes or Batters of Three Feet horizontal to One Foot perpendicular next the faid River and Cuts, and Ty^o Feet horizontal to One Foot perpendicular on

tht.

4&° GEORGII III. Cap. ib'8.

the Land Side thereof;‘and fhall alfo fcour out and deepen the faid Rivet-With am from Stamp End Lock to Lincoln High Bridge, in fuch Manner, and to fuch Extent, as in the Judgment of the faid General Commiffioners fhall be deemed requifite or neceffary for the Purpofes of this Ad, and fhall form the Bank on the South Side of the faid River Wkham, with a .Ten Feet Top, and puddle the fame in the Middle, Co as to make the faid Bank as nearly watertight as may be, and gravel the Top thereof, and make Bridges acrofs the feveral Drains communicating with the faid River where neceffary, for towing and haling with Horfes and Men, or other-wife, Keeels, Boats, Barges, and other VefTels palling through or upon the laid Navigation; and fhall likewife ered Bridges over the faid New Cuts where neceffary for preferving the Communication between the Lands and Eftates that may be feparated by the making of fuch Cuts, and fet cut neceffary private Roads to communicate therewith, and caufe Delphs of fufficient Capacity to be made at the Back of the faid Navigation, from Wajhingboroitgh Lock upwards, as far as is requifite for the PafTage of the ShiciJ Dike and other Waters into the River Witham below the faid Lock, that are now entitled to be difcharged into the faid River below Stamp End Lock, and fhall alfo make fufficient Trenches and Paffages for the Waters of the faid River Witham, and the Streams communicating therewith, and divert and turn the fame refpedively into and through the Lands adjoining upon or lying contiguous to the faid River, as Occafion fhall require, for the making and executing the feveral Works herein directed, and effecting the Purpofes of this Ad.

IV.	And be it further enaded. That the faid General C-ommiffioners ' fhall, and they are hereby authorized and required, to ered and build, or caufe to be ereded and built, a good and fubflantial Lock in the faid Parifh of Wajhingboroitgh, oppofite or nearly fo to the Drain running into the River Witham, and dividing the Parifhes of Greetwell and Cherry Willingham, the Dimenfions whereof fhall be Eighty Feet in Length within the Gates, and Sixteen Feet and an Half wide at the leaft in the Chamber, and that adjoining or neat to the faid Lock, a Stone Weir or Overfall fhall alfo be built and placed at the fame Height above the Sill of the Grand Sluice, as the Gauge Mark at Lincoln High Bridge is now placed under the Authority cf an Ad of the Thlrty-lecond Year of His prelent Majefty’s Reign for improving the Navigation of the River Bain hereinafter recited, with Sluices of fufficient Capacity to draw off the Water in Times.of Flood into the River below the fame; provided that the faid Sluices are placed at fuch a Dhtance from the 'Fail of the laid Lock as to prevent the Scour of the Sluices, or the Overfall of the Water, from throwing up a Bank or Shoal fo as to obftrud the Navigation of Barges or other Velfels entering into the faid Lock; and the faid Navigable Lock or Fen Sluice adjoining to the faid Grand Sluice, fhall, if necefiary, be enlarged fo as to make the fame of correfponding Dimenfions with the faid intended Lock in the Parifh of Wajhinborough ; and that the prefent Locks in or acrofs the faid River' Witham at Barlings Kirkjlead and Stamp Etui, and the Stanches adjoining or near to the faid refpedive Locks, fhall be taken down and removed, and the Materials of which they confift dii'pofed of or ufed for the Purpofes of this Ad.

V.	And whereas by an Ad paffied in the Tbirty-fecond Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled,.An Aftfor enlarging and improving the Canal x :	1’4	called

43° GEORG 11 III. Cap. tot.

called Tatcrfhall Canal from ihe River Witham to the Town of TaterfhalJ, and extending the fame into the River Bain, and for making the faid River Bain navigable from thence to or into the Town of Horncaftle, all in the County of Lincoln ; and alfo for amending and rendering complete the navigable Communication between the faid River Witham and the Fofdike Canal, through the High Bridge in the City of Lincoln ; It was enacted. That the Works to be erected on the faid River Witham between the faid Bailey's Sluice and the faid High Bridge, fhould not be conftrucled fo as to prevent the Paflage of the fame or an equal Quantity of Water, nor fufter the Paflage of a larger Quantity of Water than what was then uttered by the faid River Witham in like.Seafons, fuch Quantity of Water to be afeertained by the Calculation and Experience of Two able Engineers, one to be appointed by the faid General Commiflioners of Drainage, and one by the Proprietors of Eftates lying on the Weft Side of the faid City of Lincoln; and draining by the faid River Witham, except that at all Times, in order to prevent as much as poflible any injurious Accumulation of Water, whenever the Surface'of the faid River Witham fhould rife to the Height of Six Inches above the gauged Low Water Mark thereinbefore mentioned and limited, that then the Cloughs of the Stanch thereby intended to be erecled fhould be drawn and fhould remain open, to utter fuch additional Quantity of Water as might be found could be received and pafted to the Sea, without Danger to the Banks or Prejudice to the Drainage of the Low Lands lying Eaft of the faid Stanch ; and for the Purpofe of determining to what Period the faid Cloughs might fo remain open, a certain other Gauge Marie fhould be afeertained by the faid Engineers, upon due Experience and Obfervation to be had and made by them, which faid Gauge Mark laft-mentioned fhould be fixed within Twelve Calendar Months after the Completion of the Works by the faid Adi dire&ed to be done within the laid City of Lincoln, at fome proper or convenient Place to regulate the Paflage of the faid Water: Provided neverthelefs, that the faid Gauge Mark fhould not reftrain the faid General Commiflioners of Drainage from fuffering the Paflage of any farther or larger Quantity of Water, whenever they judged it fit and expedient fo to do; and provided that the faid Cloughs fhould be again fhut whenever the Surface ot the faid River Witham fhould be reduced to the faid Gauge Low Water Mark firft before deferibed and limited, and that the faid General Commiflioners of Drainage fhould at all Times thereafter (fubjed to the Limitations therein-before mentioned) have and exercife the foie Con-troul over the fame Works: Be it further enaded, That when and as loon as the faid Lock and Sluice, and heightened or increafed Weir at Wajhingborough, (hall have been made, ereded, and completed as herein directed, and the Weir at Bargate Drain alfo heightened and increafed, and the Sluice or Sluices to be ereded therein fhall alfo have been put down and compleated, and the Drain made to Bailey's Sluice, that then and from thenceforth fo much of the faid Ad of the Thirty-fecond Year of His pre-fent Majefty’s Reign, fhall be and the fame is hereby repealed and declared to be null and void, to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever.

VI.	And whereas, it is in the laft recited Ad of the Thirty-fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty provided and declared that no new Communication fhall be made with the faid River Witham to the/ [Loc. b1 jfirr.]	23	T	Weft

2110

Height of Weirs regulated.

Wonts how to be fup-ported.

Affignee# of Navigation liable to Re-

48° GEORGII HI. Cdp. 108.

Well of the City of Lincoln, and the fame River on the Eaft Side of the fame City, by any other Tunnel, Drain, or Work whatfoever. And whereas it is expedient that the fame Provifo fhould be partially repealed, Be it further enabled, That nothing in the laid recited Ad contained {hall reilrain or prevent the making and maintaining of the Sluices and Drains authorized by this Ad, for facilitating the Paffage of the Flood Waters from the River Witham Weft of the City of Lincoln, into the laid River below the fame.

VII.	Provided always and be it further enabled, That the faid Weir at or near to Wajhingborough Lock, lhall for the Space of Sixteen Feet only jn the South Part thereof be made of the Height before mentioned and deferibed, and that the farther or extended Width of fuch Weir {hall be made of the greater or increafed Height of Six Inches, and {hall fo remain and continue until the Sluice at or near to Bargate Drain Weir {hall he put down, and the Drain from thence to Bailey's Sluice compleated as herein direded ; and that immediately upon the Completion of the faid Lift mentioned Works the faid Sixteen Feet or lower Part of Wajhing-borough Weir {hall be raifed to within One Inch of the higher Part thereof, and Rich higher Part for the Space of Pour Feet be reduced or lowered One Inch, fo that in the whole the faid Weir, for the Space of Twenty Jeet may be One Inch lower than the remaining Part of fuch Weir; and the faid General Commiffioners {hall alfo, at the fame Time, caufe Bargate Drain Weir to be heightened and placed on' the fame Level as the higher Part Gf the faid Wajhinborough Weir, allowing for the proper Declivity of the Water between the faid refpedive Weirs; both which faid Weirs {hall from thenceforth be, continue, and remain of the feveral increafed Heights aforefaid.

, VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the faid intended Lock and Stanch in the Parifh of Wajhingborough, and the faid Navigable or Pen Sluice adjoining the faid Grand Sluice, and the faid towing or haling Path, and the Bridges aerofs the faid Cuts, and alfo acrofs the feveral Drains communicating with the faid River Witham in the Line of the Lid haling Path, lhall have been made and completed, and Mileftones let down by the Side of the faid Navigation as herein directed, the fame {hall from Time to Time for ever thereafter be repaired, fupported, and maintained by the faid Commiffioners for Navigation, by and out of the Monies to arife and be received from the Tolls and Duties of the faid Navigation ; and that all other Works to be made, done, and executed by the faid General Commiffioners under the Authority of this Ad (except the Bridges over the Carr Dike Drain, the Stanch in the faid Drain, and the Weirs, Tunnels, and Drains in the faid Firft DIftrid, which are herein directed to be a Charge upon the Occupiers of Lands within the faid Diftrid) {hall be fupported, maintained, and repaired at the C olls and Charges ot the faid General Commiffioners, by and out of the Drainage Funds from Time to Time to arife and be received under the Authority of the faid recited Ad, in like Manner as the Works of Drainage made and done by the faid General Commiffioners under the Authority of the fame Ad, are direded and required to be fupported, maintained, and repaired.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That from the Time the Tolls and Duties of the faid Navigation fliall be transferred and affigned by

the

2i r i

48° GE ORG 11 III. Cap. 108.

the faid General Gommiffioners, as herein authorized, and utitil the feveral Works for improving and enlarging the Paflgge for the Flood Waters C0‘jJ ot from the laid Bargate Weir through Bargate Drain to Bai!cy*s Sluice,

{hall have been executed and completed as herein directed, the prefent Weirs at the faid Bargate and Little Gozvt Drains, and the fcouring out of the fame Drains, and of the faid Great Gowt Drain and Sincil Dike and the Culvert under the faid River Wit ban {hall be refpeflfively repaired and fcoured out by and at the Colls and Charges of the Perfon or Peffons to whom the faid Tolls and Duties ihall be transferred and afngtied as afore-faid, in fuch and the like Manner, upon, under, and fubjed to the like Notice and Controul, and with fuch and the like Powers and Remedies on the Part of the Perfons and Parties interefted therein, to inforce the doing of fuch Repairs, and the fcouring out fuch Drains, as could or might have been exercifed for thole Purpofes refpedively againft the faid Cotmniffioners for Navigation, if fuch Transfer and Alignment had not been made, or this Ad had not been paired.

X. Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That if at any Time after the Sluice or Sluices {hall be put down at the Head of the faid Bargate Drain, as herein direded, the fame fhafl by reafon of any Accident or other Caufe be out of Repair, whereby the Waters of the faid River Witham ihall pafs through fuch Sluice or Sluices to the Prejudice of the Fofdike Navigation, and ihall fo continue for the Space of Thirty Days after Notice thereof given to the Clerk of the faid General Com-rrtiflioners of Drainage, by the Mayor of Lincoln for the Time being, or the Teffee or Leffecs of the faid Fofdike Navigation, or his or their Agent, that then and in fuch Cafe it {hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Mayor of Lincoln for the Time being, or the Leffee or Leffees of the faid Fofdike Navigation, or his or their Agent, to caufe fuch Sluice or Sluices to be well and fufEcientfy repaired ; and the Expences thereby incurred Ihall be borne and defrayed by the faid General Commiftioners, and be recoverable by Adion of Debt in any of Elis Majefiy’s Courts of Record at Weftminjler.

Ciaufe in

XT. And whereas by an Ad pafled in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Ncfton Em-Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Atl for embanking and draining Aa^ealed certain Fens and Low Lands in the Parijhes of Nodon and Potherhanworth in ° rePea,u * the County of Lincoln, and in the Parijh of Branflon, in the County of the Citv of Lincoln ; It was enaded, That the Commiffioners therein named or to‘fee appointed under the Authority of the faid Ad might, and they were thereby authorized and required, to make, ered, and fupport a Stanch in the lower Bank of Carr Dike near the South Weft Coiner of Notion Fen, for the Purpofe of preferving the Waters ifl'uing from a Beck near a Wood called Notion VI cod, into the faid Carr Dike, fo that the fame might be taken into the faid Fens and Low Lands intended bv the now reciting Ad to be embanked and drained by Means of Tunnels to be laid through the lower Bank of the faid Carr Dike for the Ufe of Cattle in dry Seafons, but that no Stanch or Obftrudions fhould be ereded or placed in any Drain or Delph to be made on the outer Side of the feveral Banks thereinbefore mentioned and direded to be ereded under the Authority of the now reciting Ad Eaftward of the Eaft Bank of the faid Carr Dike; be it further enaded, That fo much of the faid recited Ad ihall from and after the Works upon the Carr Dike

have

2112

r or providing Water" in the- F.rit Dilln& for Cattle, and Feaccs.

4.8* GEOHGII III. Cap. 10%.

have been executed and completed, as herein directed, be and the fame • is hereby repealed and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Pur-poles whatfoever.

XII.	And whereas Doubts have arifen whether the deepening of the ft id River Witham may not prevent the accuflomed Supply of Water being had therefrom, or from the Streams communicating therewith, for the life of Cattle and for Fences in the faid Firft Diftrift in dry Seafons; Be it therefore enabled, That the faid General Commiffioners fhall and they are hereby empowered and required, before the faid River Witham fhall be deepened above Kirkjicad Loxk as herein direfted, to caufe the faid Carr Dike Drain to be fcoured out, deepened, and enlarged to the Width of Eight Feet at the leaft at the Bottom, and the faid Drain and the Banks thereof formed of fufficient Height and Strength for the Proteftion of the faid Firft Diftrift againft the Flood Waters of the fame Drain, with Slopes or Batters of Two Feet horizontal for each Foot in perpendicular Height, and (hall alfo caufe Weirs or Overfalls to be placed in the faid Carr Dike Drain where neceflkry, and Tunnels laid through the lower Bank thereof, in fuch Situations, upon fuch Levels, (allowing for the proper Declivity of the Water in the faid Carr Dike in dry Seafons,) and of fuch Dimen-iions, to be regulated by the Quantity of Land within the refpeftive Embankments, as fhall be requifite or neceffary for fupplying the Lands in the faid Firft Diftrift with Water, in fuch Manner as that all the faid Lands may have and receive the greateft poffible Benefit and Advantage in rhe Ufe and Enjoyment of the Waters flowing into the faid Carr Dike Drain; and that the faid General Comtniflioners fhall alfo caufe a Dam or Stanch to be made in the faid Carr Dike Drain at the Bank between Timberland-Thorpc and Walcot Delph, or in the Townfhip of Waicot, as may be deemed molt expedient, of a fufficient Height for diverting an adequate Supply of Water through the faid Tunnels for the Purpofes aforefaid ; and fhall likewife ereft and build good and fubftantial Brick Bridges over the faid Carr Dike Drain where neceflary, for preferving the accuftomed Communications acrofs the fame, and erect Weirs at the pre-fent Outlets of the fame Drain, as well for preferving the Water therein in dry Seafons, as for uttering by means thereof the Surplus and Flood Waters into the refpeftive Drains or Delphs through which they are now difeharged into the faid River Witham, which faid feveral Weirs or Over-falls, 'lunnels, and Stanches fhall, from and after the making thereof re-fpeftively forever thereafter be maintained, repaired, andfupported by fuch Perfon or Perfons, and in fuch and the like Manner, and under fuch and the like Trufts, Powers, and Authorities as the Works of Drainage in the Townfhips, Hamlets, and Parishes in which fuch Works fhall be refpeftively fituate are now liable to be repaired, fupported, and maintained ; and the faid Bridges fhall be repaired and fupported by and at the Cofts and Charges of the Perfon or Perfons liable to repair and fupport the prefent Bridges.

XIII.	And be it further enacted. That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid General Commiffioners, and they are hereby required, by and out of the Monies to arife and be received by them under the Authority of this Aft, to make a Drain or Delph with Banks of adequate Dimenfions from the prefent Cut in Timbcrland to Timberland Wharf, along the Side of the lower Bauk of Carr Dike Drain to and from thence through the

Land

21 I

48° GEORG IT III. Cap. 10%.

Land called the Willow Row, of the fame Dimenfions as the faid Carr Dike Drain is herein directed to be made, to be ufed for fuch and the like Purpofes as the faid laft mentioned Drain in Timberland is now ufed, to the Intent that the whole of the Waters running into the fame Carr Dike Drain may, if neceflary, be more effedually appropriated in dry Sealbns for the Benefit of the Lands in the faid Firfl DiftricL

XIV.	And be it further enabled, That the faid General CommifTioners Further Di-

fhall, and they are hereby required, in the Erection of the faid Weir at or	*or

near to Wajhingbo^ongb Lock, to place a Trough or Tunnel,, but fo that

the Top of the faid Weir is not lowered thereby, of fufficient Dimenfions Didrift with on the South Part of the faid Weir, and continue the faid Tunnel acrofs Water, the Drain to be made for difcharging the Sincel Dike and other Waters into the faid Navigation, and make another Drain or Delph from thence at the Back of the fare! Navigation Bank through' the faid firfl Diftrid, upon fuch Level and of fuch Dimenfions as fha.ll be requifite or necelfary to convey Water into fuch of the Fens and Low Lands in the faid Firfl Diflrid for Cattle and Fences as (hall not be fufliciently fupplied therewith from the faid Carr Dike or any other Source from whence fuch Supply hath been ufuallv obtained before the palling of this- Ad, and (hail alio ered \Veirs or Overfalls in the fame Drain or Delph and put down Tunnels where necellary through the inner Bank thereof, and alfo under the main Drains between the refpedive Embankments for conveying Water into the faid Fens and Low Lands for the Purpofes aforeiaid.

XV.	And be it further enaded. That the Truflees for the Time Delph and being for the Prefervation of the Works of Drainage within fuch Tunnel* at of the refpedive Embankments in the faid Firfl Diflrid as are interelled [JeNav!4^ in the Ufe of the Drain or Delph direded to be made at the Back of the tion Bank ' South Bank of the faid Navigation for the Purpofe of conveying Water how repaired, through the fame, or any Five, or more of fuch Truflees, IhaJl and may,

and th’ey are hereby authorized and required, by and out of the Monies that may come into their Hands refpediveiy as fuch Truflees as aforei'aid, to maintain, Tappcrt, and keep the faid Drain or Delph, and the feveral Tunnels communicating therewith, in good and fuflicient Repair, and alio to put down Tunnels, if required, through the Bank feparating the Fen from the Dale Lands in the refpedive Parifhes, Townfhips, or Hamlets of Blankney, Linwood, Martin, Timberland, Timberland-Thorpe and Walcot aforefaid, and that the Colts and Charges of the faid Repairs (hall be borne and defrayed by an equal Acre Rate or lax upon all the Lands within the faid refpedive Embankments taking in Water from the faid Drain or Delph ; and if the Truflees for- any of the laid embanked Lands fhall negled or decline to concur in the doing of fuch Repairs, it fhall be lawful for the Truftecs of any other of the laid embanked Lands from Time to Time to do the fame, and to fue for and recover the Charges and Expences occafioned thereby after the Rate or Proportion aforefaid, againfl the refpedive Truflees fo negleding or declining, with Colts, by Adion of Debt in one of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjhr.

XVI.	And be it further enaded. That the faid General Commiflioners Drain* in the fhall and they are hereby empowered and required by and out of the Mo- Eirft and [Loc. Csf Per.J	23 Z	t	nies,	^

2114	48'^EORCxII Hi. Cap. 108.

tri£b to be nigs to arife and be received under the Authority of this Aft, to caufe

deepened,Wajhinghrough Drain or Channel, and the feveral Drains, Channels, or Delphs extending from the faid Carr Dike to the River Witham, between or adjoining upon the refpeftive Embankments in the Firft Diftrift, and alfo the feveral Drains, Channels, or . Delphs extending from the High Lands on the North Side of the River Wit,bam through the faid Third Diftrift that were directed to be fcoured out and embanked by the faid recited Aft made in the Second Year of the Reign of Iiis prefent Majef-ty, to be refpeftively fcoured out, widened, deepened, and enlarged in proportion to the lowered Surface of the Water in the faid River Witham, and alfo caufe the Banks of all the faid Drains, Channels, or Delphs in both the faid Diftrifts, to be increased to fuch Height, Strength, and Dimenfions as fhall be requifite or necefiary for effectually protefting the Lands adjoining thereon refpeftively againff Injury from Floods; and that if by reafon of deepening any of the Drains, Channels, or Delphs, in either of the faid Diftrifts any Lands within the fame fhall be deprived of their accuftomed Supply of Water for the Ufe of Cattle and for Fences in dry Seafons, and fhall not obtain an adequate Supply by the Means hereinbefore provided, it fhall be lawful for the Owners and Occupiers of fuch Lands, at their own proper Cofts and Charges from Time to Time as Occafion fhall require, to place moveable Shuttles in any of the faid Drains, Channels or Delphs, and put down Tunnels through the refpeftive Banks thereof, where neceflary, to raife and divert the Waters through fuch Tunnels for the Purpofes aforefaid, and that the faid feveral Drains, Chan, nels, or Delphs between or adjoining upon the refpeftive Embankments in the faid Firft Diflrift fhall alfo be deepened to fuch Extent as will afford to the Owners and Occupiers of Lands adjoining thereon refpeftively fuch and the like Benefit in the Ufe thereof in every Refpeft as they now enjoy or are entitled to along the'fame Drains, Channels, or Delphs, to and from the River Witham*'

Communica- XVII. Whereas the deferting or abandoning the old Courfe or Chan-tion with nei 0f faid River Witham, by means or in confequence of the new prcfcrved. aU Cut hereinbefore direfted to be made from HorJIey-Dceps to the Woad Houfes in the Parifh of Fijkerton, will injure the Outfall of Bar/ings-Eau, and prevent the Waters thereof from being difeharged into the faid River Witham ; be it further enafted. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid General Commiffioners of Drainage, and they are hereby required, immediately after the faid new Cut fhall be made and completed, to fcour and deepen the old Courfe or Channel of the faid River Witham downward from Barlings-Eau to its Junction with the laid New Cut, fo as the Bottom of the faid River Witham may be Twenty Feet wide and Six Feet below the Average Level of the taxable Lands adjoining thereon for the Space aforefaid : And the faid General Commiffioners fhall and they are hereby required to embank the faid old Courfe or Channel of the faid River Witham to fuch Height and with Banks of fuch Strength -and Dimenfions, with proper Forelands as fhall be requifite orneceffary, and fo as that the Waters of Bariings-Eau and the fide Drains communi-. eating therewith fhall and may pufs into the faid River Witham, or propofed new Cut, at or near to Horjley Deeps,

XVIII. And

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 108.	2115

XVIII.	And be it further enabled, That the cleanfing, fcouring, wi- Works to be dening, deepening, and enlarging the faid River Witham, and the feveral executedPro-fide Drains and Channels communicating therewith, and forming the grt vey# Banks thereof refpe&ively as herein dire&ed, fliali be proceeded upon

from the Grand Sluice upwards progreflively, to the Intent that no Part of the Lands adjoining upon or lying contiguous to the faid River,

Drains, or Cuts, may be endangered, prejudiced, or affe&ed by the Execution of any Works in the upper Part of the faid River, or above any fuch Drains or Cuts, before the Works upon the faid River Witham below the fame fhall be in a State and Condition to admit the Paffage of the Flood Waters along the fame to and through the faid Grand Sluice to the Sea.

XIX.	And be it further enabled, That if by making the faid ne.w Cuts Drainage for

in Billinghay Dales, and Branjion Fen, any Lands adjoining upon or lying	^ePa’

contiguous thereto or to the faid River Witham, for the Space the faid Queta y River {hall be deferred for fuch Cuts, fhall be prevented or hindered from draining by their accuflomed Outfall, or fhall be prejudiced in fuch Drainage,

that then and in fuch Cafe the faid General Commiihoners fhall and they are hereby required to make a Drain or Delph of fufficient Capacity along the Back of the faid Navigation Bank, and place one or more Tunnel or Tunnels through the faid Bank, in fuch Situation or Situations as will afford an effectual Drainage for fuch Lands into the faid Navigation, or fhall caufe fuch Works of Drainage to be made, done, and executed, and the ancient Courfe of the faid River' Witham to be embanked to fuch Extent as will obtain for the faid Lands the fame or the like protection and Benefit of Drainage as is now enjoyed by or fhall be had and obtained, by virtue of this ACl, for the Lands from which they fhall be feparated by the making of the faid Cuts ; and the faid General Comtniflioners fhall nlfo caufe Tunnels wherd neceffary, to be put down, through the Bank of the faid Navigation, for affording a Supply of Water for Cattle and Fences in the Lands deprived thereof by the making of the faid Guts.

XX.	And be it further ena&ed That the Scite or Bed of the laid Suteof th-River Witham, for the Space the fame fhall be departed from and deferted Witham by reafon of the making the faid new Cuts or either of them, fliall be, ,v^ere

and the fame is hereby vefled in the faid General Commiffioners to be by General* m them or any Five or more of them difpofed of in fuch Manner as they Commiffian. ihall think neceffary and proper for the general Works of Drainage, and m--the better Execution of this ACl.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That the Controul Controul over the Tunnel directed to be placed through the Navigation Bank at ^'ert,ie.

1flaf!)inghorough Weir, fhall be veiled in the fame fruflees, or Perfons in

•whom the PovVer is hereby vefled to cleanfe and fcour out the Delph ex- rough W«ir", tending therefrom at the Back of the Navigation Bank along the faid Firft DiftriCl, and the fame Truflees or any Five or more of them, or their Agent thereunto lawfully authorized, are and is hereby empowered to open or fhut the faid Tunnel as Occalion fhall require, as well, for admitting Water through the fame in'tlry Seafons, as for preventing the Waters of the faid River Witham from palling into the faid Delph in Times cf Flood.

21l6

For improving the Out-MI from the

Well of’ Lincoln.

48° GEORGII III, Cap. 108.

XXII.	And whereas the Outfall of the River Without Would be farther improved to the Benefit both of the Drainage and Navigation |f an en-creafed Paflage was made for the Flood Waters of the faid River from the Wed Side of the City of Lincoln, Ee it therefore enafted, That it jhalland may be law ful for the faid General Commiffioners, or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and required, (if the Funds to be taifed under the Authority of this Aft (hall be found adequate to bear and defray the Expences attending the fame, after the feveral other Works hereinbefore direfted (hall have been firft executed and completed,) to cattfe the Weir in the Ead Bank of the River Witham at the Head of Little Gcwt Drain to be taken down and removed, and the Weir in the lame Bank at the Head of Bargate Drain enlarged to fuch Dimenfions as fhall be equal to the prefent Weir, and alfo to the Weir at the faid Little Gowt Drain, and placed cn the fame Level as the increafed or heightened Weir at or near th'e faid intended Lock in the Parilh of Wajhingborough, allowing for the Declivity of the Water between the faid ■Weirs, and (hall alfo put down One or more Sluice or Sluices in the faid Bargate Drain Weir of fuch Dimenfions as the faid General Commiffioners or any Seven or more of them fhall deem proper, which Sluice or Sluices from and after the making and putting down the fame (hall for ever thereafter be and continue under the foie Direftion and Controul of the faid General Commiffioners; provided the Slackers of the faid laft-mentioned Sluice or Sluices are not drawn or fuffered to remain open at any Time when the Surface of the Water in the laid River Witham adjoining thereon (hall be below the Top of the faid Weir, nor fuftered to remain (hut when the Surface of I he Water in the faid River Witham (hall be Three Inches above the Top of fuch Weir, without the Confent of the Mayor of the City of Lincoln for the Tithe being, and the Leffee or Lenses of the Fofdike Navigation, or of their Agent thereunto lawfully authorized; and in cafe the faid Sluice or Sluices (hall at any Time or Times be fullered to remain open or fhut contrary to the Direftions or Reftriftions aforefaid, then and in either of the faid Cafes it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Mayor of the City of Lincoln for the Time being, and the Leffee or Leffees of the faid Fofdike Navigation, or either of them, or their Agent thereunto lawfully authorized, to Unit or open the lame as the Cafe may require; and the faid General Commiffioners, or any Seven or more of them (hall and may alfo take down and rebuild Bargate Bridge with a clear Waterway of Twenty Feet at the lead, and fcour out, deepen widen, and enlarge the faid Bargate Drain from its Commencement Weft-ward to the Diltance of Twelve Chains below the faid Bargate Bridge, and from thence make a new Drain in a direft Line over certain Old In-clofures to or near to Bailey’s Sluice with a Bottom of not lefs than Twenty Feet, and alfo enlarge, if neceffary, the Delph at the Back of the Navigation Bank from Bailey’s Sluice to below the faid intended Lock in the Parilh of Wajhingborough, and make another Drain from the End of the Great Gowt Drain at Sincel Dike, of the fame Dimenfions as the faid Great Gowt Drain now is, to communicate with the Extenfion of the faid Bargate Drain, and fhall form the Earth that comes out of the faid refpeftive Drains into Banks, where neceffary, with the like Slopes or Batters as are before direfted refpefting the Banks of the faid River Witham.	6f ’

XXIII. And

480 GEORGII III. Cap. 108.	2117

XXIII.	And be it further enacled, That fuch of the Powers and Provi- Prcvifions fions contained in the Paid recited Ad: of the Thirty-fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majedy, as relate to, concern, or regulate the Paf- stamp End fage of the Waters of the laid River Witham, over the Weir and through Weir extend-the prefent Sluices at Stamp End Lock, fhall immediately upon the mak- ^ to the ing and completing of the Weir at or near to the faid intended Lock in the Parifli of Wajhingborougb* and putting down Sluices therein as herein OUgtl directed, apply and be extended to the Lower or South Part of the faid laft-mentioned Weir, and to the Sluices in the fame Weir, until the in-ereafed Paflage for the Flood Waters of the River With am, from Bargate Drain Weir to Bailey's Sluice fliall be effected, and the faid Lower Part of Wajhingborougb Weir increafed or heightened as herein alfo directed, and that the feveral Perfons and Parties in whom the Power and Controul over the prefent Sluices in Stamp End Weir is velted by the faid Ad, fhall have and are hereby refpedively inverted during the Time aforefaid, with fuch and the like Power and Controul in every Refpect over the faid intended Sluices in Wajhingborougb Weir, and that immediately upon the Completion of the faid increafed Paflage, for the Flood Waters from Bargate Drain Weir to Bailey's Sluice, and the faid Lower Part of Wajlsingborough Weir fhall have been increafed or heightened as aforefaid, then and from thenceforth, and at all Times thereafter, the like Power and Controul over the Sluices in the faid Wajhing-borough Weir, with refped to the fliutting down the fame, whenever the Surface of the Water in the faid River Witham fhall be below the Top of the faid laft-mentioned encreafed or heightened Weir, fhall vert in and be exercifed by the Mayor of Lincoln for the Time being, and the Leflee or Lefiees of the Fafdike Navigation, and his or their Agent as is hereinbefore given to and verted in him and them refpedively, with refped to the fliutting down the Sluices in the faid Bargate Drain Weir, when the Surface of the Water in the faid River Witham fliall be below the Top of the faid laft-mentioned Weir, bur that the foie Controul over fuch Sluices in the faid Wajhingborougb Weir, for the Purpofe of regulating the Paflage of the Flood Waters through the fame, fhall from and after the Completion of the faid Works by Bargate Drain to Bailey's Sluice as hereinbefore mentioned, be and remain with the faid General Conunif-fi oners.

XXIV.	And in confideration of the Tolls and Duties intended to be Rate of hereby repealed, and of the great Charge and Expence which muft be Tonnage, incurred in making and maintaining the Works hereby authorized to be made and maintained; Be it further enaded. That when and as foon as the Sum of Seventy thoufand Pounds, or any greater Sum, fliall have been obtained by the faid General Commiflioners by the Transfer and Aflimi-xnent of the Tolls and Duties of the faid Navigation as hereinafter mentioned, all and every the Tolls and Duties of the faid Navigation that would have remained and continued due and payable to the laid Commiflioners for Navigation, if fuch Transfer or Affignment had not been made, fhall from and immediately after the making and executing of the fame, be and become due and payable to, and fliall be had, received, taken, and enjoyed by or on the Account of, or for the Benefit of thePerion or Perfons to whom fuch Transfer or Affignment fhall have been made £hoc. ts9 Eer.~\	24 A	and

2118	48° GEORGII III. Cap. 108.

and executed upon the Schedule of Weights that now pafs for a Ton on the faid River Wiibam, until the feveral Works, Matters, and Things hereinbefore direfted or authorized to be made, done, and executed, except the faid Works for increafing the Paffage for the Flood Waters from Bnrgate Drain Weir to Bailey s Sluice lhall have been perk died and completed according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Aft:; and that when and as foon as the faid Works, Matters and Things (hall have been completed and perfected as afore-faid, and fhali be certified by Writing fo to be, under the Hands of any Seven or more of the faid General C ommiffioners, and advertifed ift feme News-paper ufually circulated in the faid County of Lincoln, theii and from thenceforth, and from Time to Time, and at all 'l imes thereafter, in lieu of the prefent Tolls and Duties impofed by the faid recited Aft, or payable under the Authority thereof, which it is hereby declared lhall then ceafe and determine, there fiiall be paid for the Tonnage of all Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities whatfoever carried or conveyed through or upon the Navigation of the laid River Witham, except as after mentioned, the feveral Sums of Money following (that is to fay);

For Goods, Wareg, Merchandize, or Commodities carried or conveyed from any Place within one Mile of Lincoln High Bridge to within the like Diftance of the Grand Sluice near to Boflon, or from any Place within One Mile of the faid Grand Sluice to within the like Diftance of Lincoln High Bridge, the Sum of Three Shillings per Ton ; and for any Difiance upon the faid Navigation not exceeding Twelve Miles, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence per Ton as and for a Grols Tonnage thereon :

And for Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities carried or conveyed any greater Difiance than Twelve Miles upon the faid Navigation, and not being fubjeft to the Payment of the faid Grofs Tonnage of Three Shillings per Ton, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny per Ton per Mile for whatever Diftance the faid Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities fhali be carried or conveyed upon the faid Navigation ; provided the aggregate Toll or Duty after the Rate afore-faid (hall not exceed the laid Grofs Tonnage of Three Shillings per Ton ; and that in all Cafes where there fiiall be a Fraftion of a Quarter of a Mile in the Difiance which any Boat, Barge, or other Veffel fhali be navigated or pafs through or upon the faid Navigation, fuch Fraftion (hall, in afeertaining the laid Tolls and Duties, be deemed and confidered as a Quarter of a Mile; ar.d that in all Cafes where there fhali be a Fraftion of a Quarter of a Ton in the Weight of Lading in any Boat, Barge, or other Veffel fo to be navigated or to pafs on the faid Navigation, the fame fhali for the Purpofes of this Aft be deemed and taken to be a Quarter of a Ton.

XXV.	And be it further enafted, That all Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities on which a Toll or Duty fiiall become due or payable under the Authority of this Aft fhali, for the Purpofe of afeertaining fuch Toll or Duty, be efiimated and taken to be of the feveral Weights following, and be paid for accordingly, (that is to fay);

Weight of Goods, See. on which Toll payable.

Coals

48° GEORGII III. Cap. ro8.

Quality.	Quantity.	Weight.	Quality.	Quantity.	Weight.
Coals - - - -	One Chaldron	funs. Ctvt.  « 3	Five Feet and half		
Coak - - - -	100 Strike - -	1 —	Polls |9o - - - -		I 	
Oats Malt or Bark	i o Quarters -	1 —	Single Deals - -Half hundred		I —
Barley and Rape	7 Quarters - -	1 —	Double Deals - -'Quarter hundd.		I —
Wheat, Beans,			Battens - - - -	i hundred	I —
and Peas,	5 Quarters	1 —	Thatch Keed - -	^ hundred	
Whole Lime - -	t Chal. and f -	1 —		Bunches - -	I —
Slacked Lime - -	2 Chaldrons -	1 —	Groceries - -la Hogfheads		I —
Potatoes - - -	130 Pecks - -	1 —	Wcad ....	1 D° - -	| —
Timber, Oak,			Spetches - - -	J Packs - -	I —
Afh, or Elm	40 Feet - -	1 —	Squares at 9 inches!250 - -		I —
Fir Timber - -	50 Feet - -	1 —	Sheep - - - -	8,0 r - -	I —
Bricks - w - -	s hundred - -	1 —	Porter - - -	6 Barrels -	I —
Flat Tiles - - -	One thoufand	1 —	Flour -	8 Sacks - -	I 	
Pan Tiles - - -	<500 - *-	1 —	Seeds - - - -	10 Quarters -	1 —■
Oil Cakes - - -	6Pounds and ^		Glafs . . . .	12 whole Crates	I —
	a half a Pair >	1 —	Hemp Seed - -	40 Strike -	I —
	one thoufand j		Pofls 4§ feet - -	120 - - -	I 	
Other Oil Cakes			Pavement Bricks	300 . . .	I —
in Proportion			Stone - - - -	16 Cubic Feet	I —
Wine - - -	2 Pipes - - -	1 —	Paving Stone - -	roSuperficial ?	
Felloes - - -		1 —		yards - -3	
Seven feetPofls	60 . - - -	1 —	IPots - . . -	6 Crates -	1 —

All other Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Commodities, not mentioned in the above Schedule, to be eflimated and paid for after the Rate of Two thoufand Two hundred and Forty Pounds per Ton.

XXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enabled. That no Toll or Toll not paid Duty fhall be paid, taken, or demanded, for any Goods, Wares, Mer- f£r Goods chandize, or Commodities carried or conveyed from Brayford Meer through the High Bridge in the City of Lincoln, and which (hall not pafs Stamo End upon or through any Part of the laid River Wit ham lying Eaflward of Lock, nor a the Place where the old Stamp End Lock formerly flood, nor for any {^*tcer,<^0^ Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities carried or conveyed t^rds^on through or upon any Part of the faid River Witham above the faid Place Baltic where the faid Old Stamp End Lock formerly flood through the High Goods, &.c Bridge into Brayford Meer, nor fhall any greater Toll or Duty be due or payable on the faid Navigation upon Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities imported from the Baltic immediately into the Port of Bof ton, and which fhall pafs from thence into the faid River Withamy nor for any Flint, Stone, Pig-iron, or Limeflone carried or conveyed on the faid River Witham than the Proportion of Two-thirds of the Toll due and payable under the Authority of this A£t, for Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities of any other Sort or Defcription.

XXVII.	Whereas by virtue of Two feveral Ads palled in the Thirty- Toll upon fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefly, the one intituled. An j?°°tds pa^’ Ad for enlarging and improving the Canal called Tatterfhall Canal from frn0smtOj.j”ril_ the River Witham to the Town of Tatterfhall, and extending the fame into caftle or the River Bain, and for making the faid River Bain navigable from thence Sleaford

21*20	48° 0E0RGII III. Cap. ioB.

to or into the Tozan of Horncaftle, all in the County of Lincoln ; and a If9 for amending and rendering complete the Navigable Communication between the faid River ’Witham and the Fofdike Canal, through the High Bridge in the City of Lincoln; ami the other of rhe faid Acts* intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigation from Sleaford Caflle Caufe-wav through the iPdwn of Sleaford in the County of Lincoln along the Courfe of Sleaford Stream and Kyme Eau, to the 'River Witham, at or near Chapel Hill in the fame County, and for making necejfary Cuts for better effecting the faid Navigation, all Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities paying a Toll or Duty upon either of the faid Canals or Navigations are fubje&and liable to only One-half Part of the Toll or Duty payable under or by virtue of the faid recited A ft of the Second Year of His prefent Majefly’s Reign ; Be it therefore enacted. That from ami after the Works herein dire&ed (hall have been completed, and the Tolls and Duties granted by this A£t (hall commence and become due and payable, all Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities liable to the Payment of a Toll or Duty upon the faid Horncajlle and Sleaford Canals, or either of them, fhall be and remain fubjett or liable to the prefent Toll or Duty of Nine-pence per Ton if carried or conveyed through or upon any Part of the faid River Witham, and alfo to a further or additional Toll or Duty of One-half the Amount of the Toll or Duty now paid for fuch Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities upon the fame River, and that the Powers and Provifions in and by the faid recited A£ts refpeft-ively given and granted for preventing Frauds and Evafions in refpeCt to the Payment of the Tolls and Duties that are due and payable upon the faid River Witham under the faid recited ACts, or either of them, fhall extend to and may be ufed and exercifed for preventing Frauds and Evafions in refpect to the Tolls and Duties impofed by this A£l.

XXVIII.	And for the better afeertaining, and more eafy, effectual, and juft Collection of the faid Tolls and Duties hereby directed to be paid upon the faid Navigation, Be it further enaCted, That the Matter* Owner, or other Perfon having the Care of any Boat or other V'efTel navigating upon the faid Navigation or upon any Part or Parts thereof, fhall give to the Collector or Collectors of the faid Tolls and Duties, or to any other Officer to be appointed for fuch Purpofe by the faid C.ommiffioners for Navigation, at the Place or Places where he or they fhall attend for that Purpofe, a juft Account in Writing, figned by the Mafter, Owner, or other Perfon or Perfons having the Care of fuch Boat or other Veffe), of the Quanti-tities and Weight of fuch Goods and other Things and of their Nature, Sort, or Kind which fhall be embarked in or upon each fuch Boat or other ■VefTel, from whence brought and where the fame is intended to be landed ; but if the Goods or other Things contained in any fuch Boat or other VefTel fhall be liable to the Payment of different 'Lolls or Duties, then fuch Mafter, Owner, or other Perfon fhall fpecify the Quantities liable to the Payment of each of the faid Tolls or Duties, and in cafe he or they fhall negleCt or refufe to give fuch Account, or fhall refufe to produce his or their Invoice or Bill or Lading to the Officer demanding the fame, or fhall with Intent to avoid the Payment of the faid Tolls or Duties or any Part thereof, give a falfe Account, or deliver any Part of fuch Lading or Goods at any other Place or Places than what is or are mentioned in that Account, every Perfon fo offending fhall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Ton of Goods or other Things (and fo in

pro-

Mailers of Boats to give Account of Lading.

2I2t

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 108.

proportion for any lefs Quantity than a Ton) which fhall be in or be conveyed by fuch Boats or other Vefl'els refpeftively, of which or of whofe l ading fuch Account (hall be refufcd, or fuch falfe Account given, or whofe Lading fhall be delivered out as aforefaid, as the Cafe fhall happen to be, over and above the aforefaid refpeftive Tolls or Duties which fhall be payable for the fame, to be recovered upon Conviftion of the Per-fon or Perfons offending, before any Juft ice of the Peace for the County,

City, Parts, Divifion, or Place adjoining, upon or in which the Offence fhall be committed, by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, or by the Confeflion of the Party or Parties offending, by Dif-trefs and Sale of a fufficient Part of the Cargo or Lading of any fuch Boat or other Veffel, or any of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Offender or Offenders, under the Hand and Seal of fuch Juftice before whom fuch Offender or Offenders fhall be convifted, rendering the Overplus, if any,

(the reafonable Charges being firft deduced,) to fuch Offender or Offenders, and for want of fufficient Diftrefs fuch Offender or Offenders fhall, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of fuch Juftice, be committed to the Houfe of Correftion, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Three Months, nor lefs than One Month, or until fuch Penalty fhall be paid.

XXIX.	And be it further enafted, That as foon as conveniently may be Mileflones to after the faid Works fhall have been completed, the faid General Commif- be fet(lowa. fioners fhall caufe the Extent of the faid Navigation to be meafured, and

Stones, with proper Infcriptions, erefted, and ever after maintained by the Side of the faid Navigation at the Diftance of One Mile from each other, and alfo meafure, and by the like or other Means afeertain and denote the Diftance of each Quarter of a Mile upon the faid Navigation.

XXX.	And be it further enabled, That the Lands and Grounds both Tax charged

open and inclofed, lying within the faid Firft, Third, and Fifth Diftriftsand on.theI^»3'b which are now-charged with and made liable to the Tax laid on the Lands	DiU

within the faid relpeftiye Diftrifts, under or by virtue of the faid recited

Aft, fhall and they are hereby declared to confift of Four feveral Claffes or Divifions, and to be refpeftively charged with and made fubjeft to the feveral equal Yearly Rates and Taxes following, over and above the Rates and Taxes charged thereon refpeftively by virtue of the faid recited Aft; (that is to fay) the Lands lying within the Firft and Third Diftrifts that are now charged with the Payment of the Rate or Tax impofed by the faid General Commiffioners under the Authority of the faid recited Aft, and which are unembanked and liable to be overflowed by the Flood Waters of the River Wit-ham, and alfo the Dale Lands lying within the Parifhes, Hamlets, or Townfhips of Blankney, Linwood and Martin, that were embanked under the Authority of ail Aft paffed in the Thirty-feventh Year of His prefent Majefly’s Reign hereinafter recited, fhall be* ‘ taxed and charged with the Annual Rate or Tax of One Shilling and Sixpence per Statute Acre; that the Refidue of the Lands lying within the laid Pari flies, Hamlets, or Townfhips of Blankney, Linwood, and Martin, and alfo the Lands in the Parifhes of Methcringham, Qunjlon,..

Notion, Potterhanworth, and Branfion, refpeftively liable to the Tax charged by the fame recited Aft of the Second Year of His prefentMa-jefty’s Reign, but which are embanked and protefted from fuch Flood Waters, fhall be taxed and charged with the Annual Rate or Tax of One b* Per.J	*4 B	Shillings

«i22	48®	GEORGII	III.'	Cdp.'i08.

grilling jWr Statute Acre : that the Lands in the faid Parifhes, Town (hips or Hamlets of Timberiand, Timberland-Thorpe, Walcott, BUlmghay, and Dogdike^ in the faid Firft Diflrift, and in the Parifhes of KirkJIeaJ, and Tatterjhall in the hjid Third Diltrift, liable to the 1 ax impofed by ^ the faid recited Aft, fhall be taxed and charged with an Annual Rate or lax of Sixpence/*^* Statute Acre; and the Lands lying within the faid Fifth Biilrift, and liable to fuch lax, fhall be taxed and charged with an An-.nual Rate or Tax of Threepence per Statute Acre; and that the laid CsrruSonera General CommiiTioners fhall and may, and they are hereby empowered to nay borrow borrow and obtain any.jSum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Ihirty Money on thoufand Pounds, upon the Credit of the laid Rates or Taxes, impofed luch Taxes, by this Aft, by fuch and the like Means, and to grant fuch and the like Securities for the fame, and at fuch Rate of Intereft as the faid General Commiffioners were authorized and empowered to raiie Money and grant Securities under or by virtue of the faid recited Aft ; and the Rates or Taxes impofed on fuch Lands by this Aft fhall and may be collefted, levied, and recovered of fuch Perfon and Perfons, and by fuch and the like Ways and Means as the Rates and laxes charged thereon by virtue of the faid recited Aft, can or may be received, collefted, levied, and recovered ; provided that no Security or Securities to be granted by the faid General CommiiTioners upon the Rates and Taxes impofed by this Aft, fhall prejudice, leflen, invalidate, or affeft any Security or Securities already granted or to be hereafter granted by the fame Commiflioners upon the Credit of the Rates and Taxes impofed by or under the Authority of the faid recited Aft of the Second Year of flis prefent Majefty’s Reign.

Lands not XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing Witham 4A herein contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to rate or charge exempted with the Tax impofed by this Aft, any Lands or Grounds within the from the Tax faid Firft, Third, and Fifth Diftrifts, or any of them, which are exo-i-'npo^!nerated or difeharued from the Payment of the Rate or Tax impofed this Ad. u .u r ■ 4 v i \ a by the faid recited Aft.

Taxes may XXXII. And be it further enafted. That if the Owner or Owners, be redeemed. or 0^jgr per.fon or Perfons interefted in any Lands or Commons within the faid Firft, Third, or Fifth Diftrifts fhall bedefirous of exonerating the fame from the Rate or Tax charged thereon by this Aft, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid General Commiflioners for Drainage, and they are hereby authorized and direfted to accept and take in Payment fuch Sum of Money pr Statute Acre, not being Ids than Twenty Years Purchafe, as in their Judgment ihail be a full and proper Conlkleration for the Redemption and Difcharge of fuch Lands from all or any Part of fuch Rates or Taxes ; and the Receipt or Receipts of the Treafurer of the laid General CommifTiGncrs for Drainage for the Time being, fhall be a good and fufficient Due barge and l)ii charges to the Perfon or Perfons paying the fame, and fhall be allowed good Lvidence of fuch Payment in any of Kis Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjlcr or eifewhere; and the Lands or Commons in refpeft whereof luch Payment lhall be made as aforefaid, fhall from thenceforth for ever thereafter be exonerated and dilcharged of and from the Rates and Taxes impofed by this Act,. and which fhall have been redeemed and compenfated for as aforefaid.

XXXUI. Provided

48° GEORGII III. Cap. ro8.	2123

XXXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That when and as

foon as any Money (hail have been borrowed on the Credit of the Rates t°JnofTaxrs and Taxes charged by this Aft upon the Lands in the (aid Firff, Third, to be applied and Fifth Diftrifts, all and every Sum and Sums of Money which (hall at in Reduction any Time thereafter be paid to or received by the laid General Com- tlie I)eot* miflioners, for or in refpeft of the Redemption and Bi(charge of any fuch Lands from the faid Rates and 'Faxes, purfuant to the Power herein contained, (hall be applied in fatisfying arid difeharging the Monies fo borrowed, either rateably or otherwife, as the faid General Commiffioners (hall deem expedient, to the Intent that the Securities granted on the Credit of the laid Rates and Faxes, may not be lelfened, prejudiced, or diminifhed.

XXXIV.	Whereas by an Aft pafli-d in the Thirty-feventh Year of

His pjv: nt Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An Aft-to embank and drain the open tbe Dajcs in . and unembanked Lands qua Grounds lying between the Dale’s Head Dyke Walcbt, &c. and lbe River Witham, in the feveral Townfbips or Hamhtl and Parijhes to be P»ld of Vv dicot, Timberland-Thorpe, Timberland, Martin, Lin wood, and *°r‘ Blankney, all in the County of Lincoln ; It was enafted, That the Directions in the faid Aft contained for raifing and defraying the Charges and Expences of making and erefting the Bank over the Low Lands along or near the Courfe of the River Witham fhould not preclude or prejudice ' the Owners or Proprietors of Lands refpeftiveiy, by and at whole Expence the faid Bank fhould be made and erefted, their refpeftive Heirs or Affigns from being reimburfed.the faid Charges and Expences, or fuch Share and Proportion thereof as the faid General Commiflioners at any ol their Meetings to be held for executing the faid Aft fliould admit and allow to have been neceffarily expended in making the fame; Be it therefore enafted. That the 'Rate or Tax of Sixpence per Acre hereby im pofed on the faid Lands in Timberland, Timber land- Tborpe, and H'al-cot Dales, and the Rare or Tax of One Shilling and Sixpence per Acre hereby alfo impofed on the Lands in Martin, Linwood, and Blankney Dales, relpeftively embanked under the Authority of the laid lad recited Aft, lhall nor, nor (hall any Part of the faid refpeftive Rates or Taxes attach upon the faid Lands or any of them, or accrue or become payable in rdpect thereof until fo much and fuch Part of the Charges and 3ixpences .of making and erefting the Bank over the faid Lands along or .near the Courfe of the faid River Witham fhall be paid, fatisfied, and tiifeharged as the Owners or Proprietors of the laid Lands for the Time being lhall make appear to the Satisiuftion of the faid General Commiflioners, or any r ive or more of them, was neceffarily expended in making and erefting the faid Bank, of the Dimeufions and in Manner, in and by the fatd recited Act directed and required, and that all fuch Monies, after the Amount thereof fhall have been fo ascertained as aforefaid, fhall be recoverable of the faid General Commiflioners by and out of the Monies to be railed under the Authority of this Aft, by fuch and the like Ways and Means as other Monies due and owing from the faid General Com-iiiifli oners can-or may be recovered.

XXXV.	Provided always and be it further enafted, That no Part of Tax on Dif-the Money herein authorized to be railed on the Credit of the Rates and triAs wben Taxes charged upon the Lands in the faid Firft, Third, and Fifth Dif- t0 bt U'ifts fhall be borrowed or obtained thereon, nor fhall the faid Lands or

3t	any

1124-

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 108.

any of them be fubjeflor liable to the Payment of fuch Rates or Taxes or any Part thereof refpeclively, until the Sum of Thirty thoufand Pounds (hall have been fir (I raifed by the faid General Commillioners under the Powers veiled in them by the faid recited Ad, and applied in and towards the Execution of the Works required to be made, done, and executed under the Authority of this Act, and until the further Sum of Seventy thoufand Pounds at the leaft fhall have been alfo borrowed or obtained by the faid General Commillioners under the Authority hkewife veiled in them by this Ad, upon the Tolls and Duties hereby charged on Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Commodities carried or conveyed through or upon the faid Navigation.

Monie* raifed XXXVI. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That nothing herein Witham^A0 Gonta*ned ^all exfend or be conftrued to extend to prevent or hinder the may heap-'"' General Commiffioners for Drainage, or the faid Commiffioners for plitd in ext- Navigation, from making, doing, or executing any of the Works required to cutiogWorks be made, done and executed under the Authority of this Ad, by and out ^on*es T^at maY rai^ or received, or come into their Hands for * *	*	the Execution of the Trulls veiled in them refpedively by the faid recited

Ad, and that any Monies fo applied by the faid General Commiffioners, fhall be deemed, confidered, and taken as Part of the faid Sum of Thirty thoufand Pounds required to be raifed by them as aforefaid, upon the Credit of the Taxes impofed by the fame Ad.

Power ta XXXVII. And be it further enaded, That the faid General Commif-cxecute	fioners, or any Seven or more of them, fhall be and they are hereby

Workiv	invefled with fuch and the like Powers and Authorities in all Refpeds and

to all Intents and Purpofes for making and completing, repairing, fup-porting, and maintaining the feveral Works to be made, done, and ex. ecuted, repaired, fupported, and maintained by their Diredion or under their Authority by virtue of this Ad, as if fuch Works had been particularly mentioned and direded, or authorized to have been done by them under the Authority of the laid recited Ad, they the faid General Com-miffioners, their Servants, Labourers, and Workmen, doing as little Damage as may be in the carrying of this Ad into Execution, and making Satisfadon in the Manner mentioned in the faid recited Ad, for the Purchafe of Lands ufedin the Execution of this Ad, and for all fuch Damages as /hall be fuftained by the Owners or Proprietors of, or other Perfons imerefted in the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments refpedive-'ly, which fhall be ufed, or prejudiced by the Orders and Diredions of the faid General Conimillioneis in the making and completing any fuch Works; and the faid General Commiffioners, their Servants, Workmen and Labourers, and all an'.! every Perfon and Peifons, Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate and Sole, Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, Huibands, Guardians, Truftees Feoffees in trull for charitable Ufes and other Purpofes, Committees, Executors, and Adminirtrators, and all other Truftees and every other Perfon and Perfons whensoever fhall have, and.is, and are hereby inverted with fuch and the like Authorities, Powers, Privileges, and Advantages, and fhall be.

.	'	,	.	,	• . .	.	7	,	.	. ■................. Xipp^cU

m relation to the making and completing, repairing, fupporting, and

2125

£8° GEORGIA III. Cap. ioS.

maintaining of the feveral Works to be made and completed, repaired, fupported, and maintained by and under the Authority of the faid General Commiffidners by virtue of this Act, as are mentioned, given, granted, prefcribed, eftablilhed, 3nd inflided in and by the faid recited Ad, in relation to the Works required to be done and executed under the Authority thereof; and the faid Commiflioners for Navigation are hereby in like Manner inverted, with the fame Powers and Authorities for afeertaining, colleding, receiving, and recovering the Tolls and Duties charged by this Act upon the faid Navigation, as they would have been entitled to life and exercife for the afeertaining, collecting, recovering and receiving the Tolls and Duties under the faid recited Act, if this Act had not been parted.

XXXVIII.	Whereas by reafon of the Divifion and Inclofure of certain Genera! Commonable Lands, and the Enjoyment thereof in Severalty, the Rates Commiffion-and Taxes charged thereon by the laid recited Ad of the Second Year of b°rrow Ilis prefent Majefty’s Reign have been increafed, and a (till farther In- 30,000?. to-creafe of the faid Rates and Taxes may be exp'eded to arife and be deriv- wards the ed from the Divifion and Inclofure of other Commonable Lands, and Execution of the like Enjoyment thereof in Severalty, to an Extent in the whole that the

will enable the faid General Commillioners to borrow and obtain on the Rates and Taxes impofed under the Authority of the faid recited Ad, the farther or additional Sum of Thirty thoufand Pounds, which the faid General Commiflioners are defirous to obtain and apply in and towards the Execution of this Ad as the belt Means by which the Purpofes of the faid recited Ad can be effeded ; be it therefore enacted, That it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid General Commiflioners, or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and required to borrow and raife in one or more Sum or Sums of Money to the Amount in the whole of the Sum of Thirty thoufand Pounds, by fuch and the like Means, and to grant fuch and the like Securities for the fame, and at fuch Rate of Imereft as the faid General Commiflioners would have been authorized and empowered to raife the fame for the Purpofes of the faid recited Aft ; and they are hereby alfo required to apply the Monies fo raifed for and towards the Execution of ths Ad, in fuch and the like Manner as the Monies to be had and obtained on the Tolls and Duties of the faid Navigation, or upon the Rates and Taxes hereby charged on the faid Firrt, Third, and Fifth Dirtrids are direded and authorized to be applied.

XXXIX.	And be it further enaded, That it fhall and may be lawful for Commiflion-the faid General Commiflioners, or any Seven or more of them, to borrow erf may ob* or other wife obtain on the Credit of the Tolls and Duties hereby charged

on the faid Navigation, the Sum of Seventy thoufand Pounds, or fuch uon Tofu, greater Sum as the faid General Commiflioners fliail deem it expedient to raife on the faid Tolls and Duties towards efleding the feveral Purpofes of this Ad, and to grant fuch and the like Securities for the Monies fo to be borrowed or obtained as the faid Commiflioners for Navigation were authorized and empowered to grant for Monies advanced upon the Tolls and Duties charged on the faid Navigation under or by virtue of the faid recired Ad; or otherwile it fliail and may be lawful lor the laid General Commiflioners, or any 'Fen or more of them, at a Special Meeting of the faid General Commiflioners, at which Fifteen Commiflioners at the leart fhal! be prefent, and of which Meeting One Month’s previous ILoc. Ss* JPer-2	24 C ~	Notice

2126	4§°	GEORGII	III. Cap. 108.

Notice fliall be given in the Lincoln and Stamford New (papery or in fudh other Newfpapers as may then be ulualiy circulated in the County of Lin-„ coin, (fpecifying the Purpofe for which fuch Meeting fliall be held,) to obtain and procure the faid Sum of Seventy thouiand Pounds, or fuch greater Sum as the faid General Commifiiohers fliall confent and agree to ac-" cept and take, as a Confideration for the Transfer and Aflignment of the Tolls and Duties hereby impofed on the faid Navigation, from any Per-fon or Perfons willing to advance the fame ; and upon Payment thereof to the faid General Commiflioners, at fuch Time or Times, and in fuch Manner as fliall be then alfo agreed upon, it fliall and may be lawful for the faid General Commiflioners, or any Ten or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to aflign and transfer to the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Payment the Tolls and Duties arifing and to arife from the faid Navigation by virtue of this Aft, in the Form following ; that is to fay,

4|>Y virtue of an Aft made in the Forty-eighth Year of‘the Reign of 4 King George the Third, intituled \infert the Title of this Acl~\ We being	of	the	General

4 Commiflioners named in or appointed by or under the Authority of 4 an Aft palled in the Second Year of the fame Reign, intituled, An 4 Aft for [infert the Title of Witham Aft~\ in confideration of the Sum ‘ of	to	us	in:	hand paid by \infert the Names and

4 Additions of the AJfignees~\ Do hereby bargain, fell, aflign, and trans-

*	fer unto the faid [Names of the AJfignees] their Executors, Admini-4 ftrators, and Afligns, all and Angular the Toils and Duties arifing by 4 virtue of the Navigation of the River Witham, in the County of Lin-4 coin, and all the Right, Title, and Intereft, of, in, and to the fame,

4 to hold unto the faid

*	their	Executors,	Adminillrators,	and	Afligns,	to

4 and for their own proper and abfolute Ufe and Benefit for ever. In 4 witnefs whereof we have hereunto fet our Hands and Seals, the

4	Day of

And the Money fo to be obtained, and alfo the Monies and Effefts of the faid Commiflioners for Navigation that lhall remain unappropriated after the Debts due and owing on the Credit of the faid Tolls and Duties, and all other Debts and Demands outftanding againft the faid Commiflioners for Navigation have been fatisfied and difeharged, fliall be paid over to the faid General Commiflioners, and laid out and applied for and towards the making and completing the Works hereby authorized to be made, and other the Purpofes of this Aft, and to no other Ufe or Purpofe whatsoever.

Power of XL. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if at any mTor Navi" ^me hereafter the Tolls and Duties impofed by this Aft upon Goods, gauon to3VI Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities carried or conveyed through or ccafe on upon the faid River Witham, fliall be afligned or transferred by the faid To.Is being General Commiflioners in exercife ofuand purfuant to the Power veiled afligntd. -m them in that Behalf, then and immediately after the making and executing fuch Transfer or Alignment, and the fame fnall have been certified to the faid Commiflioners for Navigation, and advertifed as herein -‘direfted, the Powers and Authorities uf the faid Commiflioners for

Navi-

2127

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 10S.

Navigation (halt ceafe and be for ever extinguifhed. and the fame is and are hereby declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

XLI. And be it further enabled, That if the faid General Com- Aflisrnee* miffioners dial 1 at any Time hereafter make and execute fuch Transfer	,

or Alignment of the Tolls and Duties impofed by this Ad upon the Power to col-faid Navigation, as is herein authorized, that then and from thenceforth ltft. them, the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Transferor Alignmentfhall be made, his or their Executors, Adminiftrators, and Affigns, fhall have and be entitled to ufe and exercife, and are hereby inverted with fuch and the like Powers and Authorities for the afcertaining, collecting, recovering, and receiving the faid Tolls and Duties fo to be transferred or aligned, and for repairing, fupporting, and maintaining the fever*! Works hereinbefore directed to be repaired, fupported and maintained by and out of the Tolls and Duties to arife and be received from the faid Navigation, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, as the faid Commiffioners for Navigation would have been entitled to ufe and exercife, or would have remained invelted with for the Recovery of the fame Tolls and Duties, or the Tolls and Duties charged upon the faid Navigation, under or by virtue of the faid recited Ad, if fuch Transfer or Alignment had not been made, or this Ad had not been pafied.

XLII. And be it further enaded. That if at any Time after the faid Repairs of intended Lock and Stanch in the Parifh of Wajhingborough and the N‘av^Ul0n faid Navigable or Pen Sluice, and the faid Haling Path, and the Bridges b\* Gen-ra"2 in the Line of the faid Haling Path, and alfo over the faid new Cuts fhall Commiffion-havebeen reflectively made and completed, and the Tolls and Dudes of ers if«eg!e<a. the faid Navigation fhall have been transferred or affigned by the faid Ge-neral Com miffioners purfuant to the Power for that Purpofe herein contained, the faid feveral Works, or any of them, fhall be out of Repair, or otherwife defective, and fhall fo continue after a reafonable Time given to the Collector or Collectors of the faid Tolls and Duties, by Nonce in Writing from the faid General Commiffioners, or any Five or more of them, to repair and reftore the fame, that then and in fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful for the faid General Commiffioners, or any Five or more of them, to caufeany of the faid Works to be welland fufficiently repaired and reftored, and the Expences occafioned thereby fhall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the Affignee or Affignees of the faid Tolls and Duties, his or their Executors, Adminiftrators, and Affigns, in like Manner as if the fame had been done by or under his or their Direction ; and in default of Payment of fuch Expences to the faid General Commiffioners or their Surveyor, within T hirty Days next after Demand made thereof, it fhall be lawful for the faid General Commiffioners, or any Five or more of them, by Warrant under their Elands and Seals, to appoint One or more Per-ibn or Perfons to enter upon and receive the 'Lolls and Duties collected or paid upon the faid Navigation, and apply the Monies fo to be received in difcharge of fuch Expences, until the fame, together with alL Cofts and Charges of receiving the faid 'lolls and Duties are fully paid and fatisfied ; and from and after Payment thereof, .the Power and Authority of fuch Receiver or Receivers for the Purpofes aforefaid fhall ceafe and determine, or otherwife the Expences ,fo incurred by the faid General Commiffioners as aforefaid may be fued for and recovered by them againrt the Perfon or Perfons liable to pay the fame, by Aflion. of Debt in any of His Mai e fly’s Courts of Record at Wefiminjier.

XL11I. And

2128

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 10S.

XLIIL And be it further ena&ed, That if after all and every the Works of Drainage and Navigation her einbefore directed to be made fhnll have been executed and completed, and the increafed Palfage for the Flood Waters of the faid River Wttkam from the Weft! Side .of the Cftv of Lincoln to Bailey’s Sluice, below the laid City, /nail have been effefled as herein authorized, there {hall be and remain any Surplus of Monies raifed under the Authority of this Ad and the faid recited A cl, over and above what (hall or may be necefiarv for the fevers 1 Purpofes aforefaid, that then and in fuch Cafe, the laid General Commiffi oners for Drainage (hall and they are hereby required forthwith to apply fuch Surplus Money for the Purpofe of making, executing;, and completing the faid Navigation from the faid Grand Sluice to the High Bridge in the City of Lincoln, or for fo much and fuch Part of that Diftance as lies between the propofed Lock to be eroded in the Parilh or Wajkingbo-rough and the faid High Bridge in the City of Lincoln, as can be executed by means of the faid Surplus Money, in fuch Manner, and to fuch increafed Extent, both in the Dimenfions of the faid Navigation, the Locks therein, and the Bridges ever the fame, as that Ships or Veffels of Eighty Tons Burthen entering the faid Navigation from the Sea may navigate and pafs along the fame; and alfo in fuch further Extenfion of the Navigation of the faid River Witham as could have been eifeded by the faid Comiflicners for Navigation, by virtue of the Powers and Pro-vifions of the faid recited >Ad of the Second Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, if this Ad*had not been pafied ; and after fuch Application as aforefaid, the Overplus, if any, (hall and may be applied and difpofed of for any other the Purpofes of the faid recited Ad, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, and of this Ad.

XLIV. A.nd be it further enaded, That if any Money {hall be agreed iawon wr.sn or awarded fo be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments pur-exccfdinn;	chafed, taken, or ufed, by virtue of the Powers of this Ad, for the

tool.	Purpofes thereof, which {hall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert,

Infant, Lunatic, or Perfon or Perfons under any other Difability or Incapacity, fuch Money {hall, in cafe the fame {hall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to hia Account there, ex parte the faid General Commifiioners, to the Intent ,	that fuch Money {hall be applied, under the Diredion, and with the Ap-

probation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way, by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in difeharge of any Debt or Debts, or any Part thereof, affeding the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affeding other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments {landing fettled therewith, to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents, or Purpofes ; or where fuch Money {hall not be fo applied, then the fame {hall be laid out and invefted, under the like Diredion and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Mefluages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which {hall be conveyed and fettled! to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trufts, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the MeiTuages, Lands, Tenement;*, and Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken or ufed as aforefaid, flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement {hall be fettle.1 or

deter-

For executing farther Works, of Navigation.

Application of Compert-

2 129

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 108.

determined and capable of taking Effect ; and in tlie mean time, or until fuch Purchafe {hall be made, the laid Money (hall, on the Order of the faid General Commiflioners, in Writing, flgned by them, and without any Order of the Court of Chancery, be inverted by the faid Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated or three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities ; and in the mean Time, and until the faid Bank. Annuities fliall be ordered by the faid Court of Chancery to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities fliall, from Time to Time, go and belong to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments fo hereby directed to be purchafed, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That if any Application Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or where Money Hereditaments purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and doesnot belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under Dif- 200l ancj ability as aforefaid, fliall not exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds fliall exceed nor be lefs than Twenty Pounds, then, and in all fuch Cafes, the fame 20I.

(hall (at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of any Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified by Writing under their refpective Hands,) be paid into the Bank, in the Name, and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before direded: or otherwife the fame fliall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trurtees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by the faid General Commiflioners (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands cf the nominating and approving Parties), in order that fuch Money may be applied in Manner herein-before direded, fo far as the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required l o obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.	:

XLVI. Provided alfo, and be it further ended, Tint where fuch Application-Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned fliall be wif*>e the lefs than Twenty Pounds, then, and in fuch Cafe, the fame fliall be paid Money islcfc to the Perfon or Perfons who would' for the Time being have been en- Lhau 20:,‘ titled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes of this Ad, or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpedively.

XLVIL And be it further enaded That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons fn cafcofn to whom any Sum or Sums of Money fliall be awarded for the Purchafe making out° of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed by virtue Titles, • of this Ad, fliall lefufe to accept the fame, or fliall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes, to the Satisfadion of the laid General Com-milfioners ; or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums or Perf<m* of Money fliall be fo awarded as aforefaid cannot be found, or if the Pei*- ?nnof »

■ ±Lee. V Per.I	UD	fon	^^

Bank,

fubjfft to Order of Court of Chancery

2130	48°	GEORGII	III.	Cap.	108.

ch «fc Monry fon or Perfons, entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be into iff1** known or difeovered, then and in every fuch Cafe, it (half and may be lawful to and for the faid General ComtnilTioners, to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money, fo awarded as aforefaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties inrerefted in the faid Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments \jdefcrih:ng them], fubjett to the Order, Controul, and Difpofition of the faid Court of Chancery ; which faid Court of Chancery, on the .Application of any Perfon or Perfons making claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, (hair be, and is hereby empowered, in a fummary Way of Proceeding, or otherwife, as to the fame Court (hall feem meet, to order the lame to- be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Dirtribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpe&ive Eftate or Eftates, Title or Intereft of the Perfon or Perfons making claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the PremifeS as to the faid Court (hall feem jurt and reafonable ; and the Calhier or Gafhiers of the Bank of England, who (hall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for w'hofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

Where any ^ XLVIIT. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where anfe tcuch- any Queftion (hall arife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money i-.g fuch Wo- to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity ney. tW Per- cf the Accountant General of the Clourt of Chancery, in purfuance fioVoMhe^"	Aft, *or l^e ^urc^e any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-

Lands, &c. rnents, or of any Eftate, Right, or intereft in any Lands, Tenement^ the Time or Hereditaments to be purchafed in purfuance of this Aft, or to any «f fuch Pur- Paftk. Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or to the Di-be^emfd v'Qer-^s or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons entitled there- who (hall have been in Poftellion of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereto according ditnments, at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under to fuih P°*■ fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the PofTeftion of fuch Perfon or Mho:-, unltf? pe)qon3j fhall ne deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch Poffefiion, until the contrary fbali be (hewn to the Satisfaction ct the faid Court of Chancery ; and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be pur-chafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, (hall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it (hall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch PofTeftion was a wrongful Pof-feffion, and that feme other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully xiitnled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Elereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein.

The Court XLIX. Provided alfo, and be Jfc further enacted,’ That where, by n*	reaf°n of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Cor-

r/afonsble poration, entitled to any Lands, jjenements, or Hereditaments, to be txp<nce?of purchafed under the Authority of tnis Act, the Purchafe Money for the Furdiaiers j'anie (kail be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery and to be b° tag- aPP^ec^ Purchafe other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments millionth ’ to be fettled to the like Ufes, in purfuance of this A ft, it (hall be lawful

for



48° GEORGII III. Cap. 108'.

for the faid Court of Chancery to order the Expsnces of all Purchafes from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of this Ad, or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Court fhail deem reafonable, to be paid by the faid General Commiflioners, who {hall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court fhail dired.

L. And be it further enaded, That until fuch Time as the Tolls and Duties of the faid Navigation fhail be transferred and affigned, and the faid Sum of Thirty thoufand Pounds obtained on the Credit of the Rates and Taxes impofed under or by virtue of the faid recited Ad of the fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty as herein di-reded, nothing in this Ad contained fhail extend or be conftrued to extend to invalidate, Ieffen, alter, or take away any of the Rights,

Powers or Authorities which by the faid recited Ad were veiled in the faid General Commiflioners and Commiflioners for Navigation refped> ively ; nor fhail any Thing herein contained at any Time hereafter extend, or be conftrued to extend to Ieffen, invalidate, alter, or take away any of the Rights, Powers, or Authorities that were veiled in all or any of the Commiflioners of Diflrids, appointed under or by virtue of the faid recited Ad, except fo far as is requifite or necefiary for the due Execution of this Ad, but that the fame fhail refpedively be, remain, and continue as fully to all Intents and Purpofes as if this Ad had not been made.

LI. Provided, and be it further enaded. That if at the Expiration of if Sum Ten Years from the Time of palling this Ad, the Sum of Seventy thou- charged or> fand Pounds, or fuch greater Sum as aforefaid, authorized to be raifed Navigation on the Credit of the Toils and Duties hereby charged on the faid Na- n^.ff9noC vigation, fhail not have been borrowed or obtained by the faid General T;n Years £ommiflioners under any of the Powers or Provifions in this Ad con- l‘le Power of tained, and the faid Sum of Thirty thoufand Pounds required to be bor- th,9fA& is to rowed by the faid General Commiflioners upon the Credit of the Rates cea e* and Taxes charged on the laid Six Diflrids by virtue of the faid recited Ad, fhail not have been obtained, that then, and in fuch Cafe, no Part of the Money authorized to be raifed on the Rates and Taxes hereby charged upon the Lands in the faid Firft, Third, and Fifth Diflrids, fhail be raifed, nor fhail the faid Lands, or any of them, remain charged with, or liable to the Payment of fuch lad mentioned Rates and Taxes, or any Parc thereof, but that then and from thenceforth the feveral Works both of Drainage and Navigation authorized or required to be made, done, ancf executed by or under the Authority of this Ad, and thq Powers and Provifions herein contained in relation thereto, fhail refpedively ceafe and determine: and that all and every the Powers, Provifos, Ciaufes,

Provifions, Matters, and Things contained in or enaded in and by the faid recited Ads or any of them, fhail from thenceforth be and remain in full Force and Effed in as ample a Manner to all Intents and Purpofes a$ if this Ad had not been made.

, LII. And be it further enaded. That this Ad fhail be deemed and p taken to be a Public Ad, and fhail be.Judicially taken Notice of as fuch 1 J ' ~	•

by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpeeially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moll Excellent Majcfly, 1808.

i. 'I .	1	•

1	l	»	'	UHr,?-

■

■

<• :: . :nr:	:	1	.	.•	x	I.	'

> ^T:. T

[ t I.. J ssu .

■ .



SI!

■ i • ■ ■





rr

>7 /•



O'

<d|l£N£ ■> 1

x L< x£ X fca

£	.	.1	V

■of I.:.. «SJ«J ■	.!	E

- --	!	'•	:	..j;!.1:-'-:	■	-f	'

•-	-fl

f i ' - J .'.rfl _• '•

'■at * It :»

*

•	•	.	•	U..I	...	*

x [d It j : l*if m	>	x	,	ntti.il	*

■ ............................ « •

■

.



,	'■	'	•	’]	 i/.

.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORG 11 III. REGIS.

^****-:iH»MH!f********************** ***********************

An A£t to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Aid paffed in the Second Year of His prefent Majefty, for the more eafy and fpeedy Recovery of Small Debts in the Town and County of the Town of

HE REAS an A6t was patted in the fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Aft for the 2 G. 3.

more eafy and fpeedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and County of the ‘Town of Kingfton upon Hull, which hath been found uief’ul and beneficial, but the fame is in fome Re-fpeds dcfcdive and inefficient fully to anfwer the good Purpofes thereby intended: And whereas it would greatly tend to the Improvement and Encouragement of Trade, and to the neceftary Support and Protection of ufeful Credit within the faid Town and County, if the Powers of the Court conftituted by the faid recited Ad of Parliament were extended to the Recovery of Debts no: exceeding Five Pounds, and if the Number of the Commiflioners of the faid Court were enlarged, and if the Powers and Provifions of the faid Aft were in fome other Refpedts altered, amended, and enlarged; May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty, that it may be cna&ed, and be it enabled by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authoiity of the lame, That lo much and fuch Parts of the faid recited A6t of the Second Year [Loc. (A Per.]	2\ E	of

Cap. 109.

Kings ton-icpon-Hull.

[ 18th June 1808. J

2*34-	480	GEORGII III. Cap. 109.

of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, as confine or retrain the Cognizance nr Jurifdiftion of the Court of Requefts for the faid Town and County of the Town of K:ngston-upon■ Hull, to Debts under the Value of Forty Shillings, fhall from and after the Second Monday next after the palling of this Aft be and the fame are hereby repealed.

Commit-	II. And be it further enafted, That the Mayor and Aidermen of

toners. tire Town of Kingston upon-HuU for the Time being, together with the following Perfons, videlicet, John Storm, John Chapman, William Martin, "John Ferraby, Robert Simpfon, IVilliam Shackles, George Spence,

'John Spence, William Bur land, George Chapman, Edward Chapman, William Levett, John Lawfon, John Simpfon, William Hall, Thomas Waltham, John Weft, John Briggs, Garrifon Briggs, John Iludfon, Samuel King, Charles Newbald, Edward Jobnfon, Thomas Locke. William h’ora-caftle, William Corlafs, Chriftopher Bolton, George Coulfon, John New-tnarch, Caius Thompfon, William Smith, John Burftall, Richard South-erne, George Alder, William Todd, Anthony Joses, George Rudfton and Thomas Ellifon Collinfon, fhall be and they are hereby appointed Commiffioners for putting the Paid recited Aft and this Aft into execution, and that	they the	faid Commiffioners now and hereafter to	be from

Time to	Time elefted and appointed, or	any Three or more	of them,

flial 1 and may from Time to Time have full Power and Authority to hear, examine, and determine all fuch Matters of Debt as are hereinafter mentioned; and the faid CommiiTioners and their Succeflors are hereby conftiruted a Court of Juftice by the Name of < The Court of ‘ Requells for the Town Port and County of the Town of Kingston-

•	upon-HullJ and they the faid Commiffioners or any Three or more

of them fhall and they are hereby empowered and required to meet and hold the faid Court on the fame Days and at the fame Time and Place as	the fame	have been heretofore	ufually held under	and by

virtue of	the faid	recited Aft, and that	the Firft Court to	be held

by the faid Commiffioners under this Aft fhall be on the Firft of the faid Court Days under the faid recited Aft as fhall be next in Courfe after the palling of this Aft.

Caminif-	III. And be it further enafted. That no Pcrfon fhall be capable of

f,oner’s Oath	as a Commiffioner in the execution of any of the Powers and

and Quail-	Amhorities	given by this Aft or	by the faid recited Aft after the paf-

ncation.	■ of thjs	untl[ (,e fhall have taken an Oath to the Effeft follow-

ing (that is to fay);

<	I A. B.	do	fwear [or, being	one of the Perfons called Quakers, do

<	affirm] That	I will faithfully,	honeftly, and impartially, according

< to the beft of my Skill and Judgment, hear and determine fuch 1 Matters and Things as fhall be brought before me by virtue of an « Aft «iade >n the Second Year of the Reign of King George the . 'Third, int'tuled [here fet forth the Title of that ASt,\ and of an

<	Aft paired in the Forty-eighty Year of the Reign of King George the c Third, intituled, ‘An Aft [here Jet forththcTitlc of this AS] or of fo much

*	of the fame [Two Afts] as now [arc or] is in force, and that without -« Favour or Affeftion, Prejudice or Malice to any Perion or Perfons

‘ whom

213*

48n.pEORGII III. Cap. iot).

< whomfoever; and alfo that I am a Houfeholder within the Jurif.

‘ diction of the laid Court, and that I am poffeffed of a Real Eftate c of the Annual Value of Fifty Pounds, or of a Perfonal Ellate of the s Value of One thoufand Pounds, above all Charges or Incumbrances * whatioever.

‘ So help me God.’

Which Oath fhall be in lieu and (lead of the Oath mentioned or pre-fcribed in the laid recited Atft; and which faid Oath hereinbefore mentioned or contained the Clerk of the faid Court for the Time being or his fufficient Deputy is hereby empowered and required to adminifter in open Court, and each and every fuch Commiffioner fhall and he is hereby required (after taking the faid Oath) to fign and fubferibe his Name upon a Roll or Rolls	of Parchment to be provided for

that Purpofe with the faid Oath	written	or printed thereon, and

fuch Roll or Rolls ihall be carefully kept among the Records of the laid Court.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That no Perfon fhall be henceforth Qualification

qualified to act as a Commiffioner in the	Execution of this A& or	of	Commif-

of the faid recited Aft, uniefs he	Ihall at	the Time of acting be a	fioneri.

Houfeholder within the Juril'dictton ol the laid Court, and poffeffed

of a Real Eftate of the Annual Value of Ffity Pounds, or of a Perfonal Eftate of the Value of One thouland Pounds, over and above all Charges and Incumbrances whatioever; and if any Perfon not being penaIl f qualified as aforefaid Ihall prelume to act as a Commiffioner in the affing with-execution of this Act, every fuch Perfon (hall for every fuch Offence out QualiS-(over and above any Punilhment that he may be fubject and liable to “don. for wilful and corrupt Perjury) lorfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds together with full Colls of Suit to any Perfon or Pcrfons who Ihall fue for the fame, to be recovered in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at IVejtminJler, by Action of Debt or on the Cale, by Bill,

Plaint, and Information, the Proof of which Qualification Ihall be on the Defendant, and it (ball be lufficient for the Plaintiff or Profecutor to prove that the Perfon fo fued or proleCuted had acted as a Commif-fioner in the execution of this Act: Provided neverthelel's, that all Afiscfille-Judgments, Orders, Decrees, Acts and Proceedings of all and every gal Commif-Perfon and Perfons acting as a Commiffioner or Commiffioners in the ft°ntrs good execution of this Act, though not duly qualified as aforefaid previous to vhffionC°"' his or their being convicted of fuch Offence, (hall notwithftanding fuch Conviction be as valid and effectual as if iuch Perfon or Perfons had been duly qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

V.	And for better regulating the Sittings of the faid Court, be it Forregula. furlher enacted, That the faid Commiffioners Ihall not hold the faid ling the Sit-Court, or hear or determine any Cafe or Cafes, Caufe or Caufes, nigs of the by virtue of the laid recited Act or of this Act, but between the Cc“rt-Flours of Three of the block in the Afternoon and Eight of the Clock

in the Evening; and nothing in this Act contained ihall extend or be conftrued to extend fo as to require or compel the Attendance of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, Witnefs or Wii-nelfcs, in the laid Court, in purluance of any Order or Summons iffued out of the laid Court, or by any Perfon or Perfons wiiomfoevcr acting



Officers appointed by former Ait to continue

moved.

Ele&ion of

miffioners end Officers.

’ Debtors to be fummon-ed before Com miffioners, who may make Orders between Parties as they think £t.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. ioc).'

as an Officer or Officers of the faid Court, fave and except between the faid Hours of Three of the Clock in the Afternoon and Eight of the Clock in the Evening.

VI.	And be ir further enacted, That the Clerk and Serjeant or •other Officer of the faid Court nominated or appointed by virtue of the faid recited Act, (trail hold and enjoy their leveral and refpective Offices and Employments in the fame manner as if the faid recited Act had not bten hereby altered, amended, or enlarged.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That in cafe of the Death or Refufal or Incapacity to act of any of the faid Commiffioners herein named or hereafter to be elected for the carrying this Act into execution, or of the Death or Removal of the prefent or any future Clerk or Clerks, Serjeant or Serjeants, or other Officer or Officers of the laid Court, or in cafe it ffiall at any Time hereafter be found necelTary to have any other or additional Serjeant or Serjeants of the laid Court, the Vacancy or Vacancies fo to be thereby occafioned fhali be from Time to Time filled up and fupplied, and any other or additional Serjeant or Serjeants fo found to be neceffiry fhali be elected and chofen in fuch manner as by the faid recited Act is in the event of any fuch Vacancy or Vacancies refpectively provided for: and fuch Clerk or Clerks, Serjeant or Serjeants fo to be chofen in r.he room of any Clerk or Clerks, Serjeant or Serjeants fo dying or being removed as aforefaid, and fuch other or additional Serjeant or Serjeants, fhali be fubject to the like Pains and Penalties and Powers of Removal, and to the like Rules and Regulations as are exprelled and contained in the recited Act, and js the prefent Clerk and Serjeant or either of them are or is relpectively fubjecc to previous to the paffing of this Act.

VIII.	And be it further enacted. That from and after the faid Second Monday next after the paffing of this Act, ir (hall and may be lawful to and for Any Pcrfon or Perfons (whether fuch Perfon or Perfons fhali refide within the Jurifdiction of the faid Court or not) having any Debt or Debts on the Balance of Account, or in refpect of Wages, Rent, or Arrears of Rent or otherwife howfoever (fave and except as herein excepted) not exceeding the Value of Five Pounds, due or owing or belonging to him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own Right, or in the Right of any other Perlon or Perlons or as Executor or Adminifl trator. Guardian, Affignee, or Truftee to any Perfon or Perlons, or due or owing to him as Chamberlain, 1'own Clerk, or other Officer to any Bodv Corporate, as Collector of any Rates or Taxes, or as Clerk or other Officer to any Commiffioners of Taxes, or of any Drainage or otherwife, or to any Club or Friendly Society duly alfociaced and conftituted by the Statutes in that Cafe m.de and provided, or in any other Manner whatfoever, which the faid Commiffioners are by this Act enabled to adjudge -and determine, and not exprefsly prohibited by this Act, by or from any other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever inhabiting. refiding, or being within the laid Town of Kingston-upon Hull or the County of the fame Town, or keeping and uling any Houle Warehoufe, Wharf, Quay, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, or Stand, or generally ufing and frequenting the Markets there as a Dealer, or Peeking a Livelihood or failing or navigating to and from the faid Port

and

2137

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 109.

and Haven of Kingston-upon-Hull aforefaid. to apply to the Clerk of the faid Court for the Time being or his Deputy, who (hall fmmedi-iately make out and deliver to the Serjeant of the faid Court for the 'Time being a Summons in Writing under the Hand of the faid Clerk in fuch Form, and to fuch E tie ft, Tenor, and Purport, and which fhall be forthwith ferved on fuch Debtor or Debtors in the manner prelcribed by the faid recited Act, and as hath been heretofore ufed and accul-tomed in refpect thereof; and upon due Proof made of the Service of -fuch Summons, the faid Commifiioners prefent in Court (the Number of luch Commiflioners prefent not being lefs than by this Act directed) are hereby empowered and required to make due Enquiry concerning fuch Demands or Plaints, and make fuch Order or Orders and Decrees therein, and pafs fuch final Sentence or Judgment thereupon, and award fuch Cofts of Suit as to them (hall feem meet and mod agreeable to Equity and good Confcience, and they are alfo hereby empowered to order and direct the Payment of any fuch Debts to be made either in One Sum at once or by Infialments at Hated Periods as they (ball fee Caufe and deem juft and reafonable.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commifiioners fhall Commff.

and they are hereby required to make or caufe to be made fair and re- fioncnroea-gular Entries in a Book or Books to be provided by them for that Pur-	,

pole, of all the Judgments, Adis, Orders, Direftions, Regulations, and ;^a Book. Proceedings of them the laid Commifiioners, relative to the Execution

of the feveral Powers and Authorities veiled in them by the faid recited Aft and this Acl, and alfo of the Names of the Commifiioners who fhall be prefent at their refpeftive Meetings ; and fuch Entries fhall be figned by the Chairman of each refpective Meeting; and fuch Entries when fo figned, and fuch Book and Books, (hall be allowed to be read in Evidence, in Proof of the Proceedings of fuch Court, in all Courts whatfoever.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in the commif. faid recited Act or in this Act contained fhall extend or be conftrued (toners not to to extend fo as to enable the faid Commifiioners to determine the Right determine or Title to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Real Eftates a"f l-a“fc whatfoever, or to judge, determine, or decide on any Debt where the Tuieto Land Title of the Freehold or Leafe for Years of any Lands, Tenements, or ;<tobe Hereditaments, or of any Chattels real whatfoever, fhall be brought or brought in come into queflion ; nor on any Debt for any Sum being the Balance T--illon.

of an Account or Demand originally exceeding live Pounds; or to judge, determine, or decide on any Debt that (hall arife by realon of the Occupation of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fituate elfewhere than in the faid Town or County, or by realon of any Caufe concerning Teftamentor Matrimony or any Thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclefiaftica! Court, or for or concerning any Agreement by way of Compofuion for or by way of Retainer of Tythes.

XL And be it further enacted, That where any Debt fhall be due or where Dab owing or demanded from any Two or more Perfons jointly, by reafon due Iran/ or on account of fuch Perfons being Partners in trade or otherwife Two Perfons, jointly concerned or liable to pay the lame Service of fuch Summons rummo',ing perfonally on any one of fuch Partners or Perfons, arid Notice thereof ffiTubf.T [Lee. fcf Per.]	24	F	left	Helen/

2138	48°	GEORGII III. Cap. 109.

left at the laft or ufual Place or Places of Abode, Warehoufe, Lodging

Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing, trading, or working of the other or others of fuch Partners or Perfons, fhall be as good and fufficient as if each of fuch Partners or Perfons were feparately fummoned as aforefaid.

Debts due to XII. And be it further enacted, That in every Cafe where any Wages Perfons un- or any other Sum or Sums of Money whatfoever not exceeding the Sum berecovereY ^ive P°unc*s> Ihall be due and owing to any Pcrfon or Perfons ° r ' whomfoever, being under the Age of Twenty-one Years, it fhall and may be lawful for luch Perfon or Perfons to fue for and recover fuch Debt in the Paid Court, in the fame manner as if he, lhe, or they were of full Age; and the Paid Commiflioners prelent in the Paid Court are hereby authorized and required to take Cognizance of and proceed in all Caufcs concerning fuch Debts in the fame manner, and fhall have fuch and the fame Powers in regard thereto as if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs were all of full Age.

AAions not XIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained the>PuP,U/°r extenc* or ^ conftrued to extend fo as to enable any Plaintiff to o/bringing fpht or divide any Caufe or Action for the Recovery of any Debt them before where the whole Sum that (ball appear to be due and owing (ball the Court. exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, in order that the lame may be made the Ground of Two or more Caules or Actions, for the Purpole of bringing fuch Caufes or Actions within the Jurifdiction of the laid Court; and in cafe it fhall appear to the faid Commiflioners that any Plaintiff (hall have fo fplit or divided his or her Caufe or Action as aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe the faid Commiflioners fhall and they are hereby required to difmils with Cofts every fuch Caufe or Action fo fplit and divided, but luch Difmiffal (hall not hinder or prevent fuch Plaintiff from proceeding for the Recovery of his or her Debt in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wefiminjtsrt or in iuch other Manner as he or (he lawfully may : Provided always, that in cafe any Power to re- plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhall chufe to diminifh or reduce his or her Caufe duce Debts 0f Action, originally exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, and (hall be orde^tYfue willing to accept the Sum of Five Pounds, or fuch other Sum of Money in this Court, as the Ptid Court is in and by this Act enabled to adjudge, decree, and but run on pronounce, and fhall accordingly adjudge, decree and pronounce to or coverecTtY" ’n Favour of fuch Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in full of the whole of his or her be in full. Demand, in fuch Caufe of Action fo diminilhed or reduced, then and in every fuch Cafe the faid Commiflioners (hall and may on fuch Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, proving his, her, or their Caufe or Calcs to the Satisfaction of the faid Commiflioners, adjudge, decree, and pronounce to him her, or them, fuch Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, as to the faid Commiflioners fhall feem juft and reafonable, in the fame manner to all Intents and Purpofes as if the original Caufe of Action had been for no more than the Sum fo adjudged, decreed, or pronounced ; and fuch Sum fhall in the Judgment or Decree to be pronounced by the faid Commiflioners, be declared to be and fhall be in full Difcharge of all Demands from the Defendant to the faid Plaintiff in fuch Caule or Cafe fo diminfhed or reduced; and fuch Judgment or Decree (hall effectually preclude and bar fuch Plaintiff or Plaintiffs from fuing for or recovering in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity

the

2i39

48° GE0RG1I III. Cap. 109.

the Surplus of the Debt or Debts in any fuch Caufe or Caufes of Action.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That no -Perfon or Perfons whom- Time of im-foever to be taken in execution upon any Judgment under or by virtue

of this Act, fhall be committed to Cuftody by Order or Procefs of iiroitea. the faid Court for any Debt or Debts, or kept or continued in Cuftody on any Pretence whatfoever (except in the Cafe hereinafter provided for) for any longer Space or Spaces of Time from the Time of his, her, or their Commitment to Prifon than is or are hereinafter limited ;

(that is to fay) where the Debt (exclufive of Cofts) does not exceed the Sum of Twenty Shillings, then he, fhe, or they (hall not be kept or continued in Cuftody for more than Twenty Days; and where the Debt (exclufive of Cofts) is above Twenty Shillings and does not exceed Forty Shillings, then not more than Forty Days; and where the Debt (exclufive of Cofts) is above Forty Shillings and does exceed Three Pounds, then not more than Sixty Days ; and where the Debt (exclufive of Cells) is above Three Pounds and does not exceed Four Pounds, then not more than Eighty Days; and where the Debt (exclufive of Cofts) does not exceed Five Pounds, then not more than One hundred Days from the Time of his, her, or their Commitment * and the Gaoler or Keeper of the Prifon to which fuch Perfon or Perfons is or are or fhall be committed is hereby directed and required to difeharge luch Perfons accordingly.

XV.	And in order the more effectually to prevent Perfons fummoned If anyDebt-for Debt to the faid Courc from fraudulently concealing Money, Goods, or conceal or Effects; be it therefore enacted. That in cafe upon the Summons £?oney or of any Perfon for any Debt or Debts before the faid Court, Informa- Time'ofhia tion of any fuch fraudulent Concealment fhall be given, and fuch Debt Imprifon-or Debts fhall be adjudged to be due, and Execution fhall be there- nient (hall be upon awarded, fuch Court fhall have Power to hear Evidence as to enlarSed' the Fact of fuch Concealment j and in cafe it fhall be proved to their Satisfaction upon the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Wit-

neffes (which Oath the faid Court is hereby empowered to adminifter) then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court to enlarge the aforefaid Times of Imprifonment of fuch Debtor to any Period in addition thereto, not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the puffing of this Time of Ira-Act all and every Perfon and Perfons who fhall be taken in execution prifonment under or by virtue of any Procels iflfuing from or out of the faid Court t0 to of Requefts, and who at the Time of being taken into Cuftody or dur- ^acnh Execa~ ing his, her, or their imprifonment, fhall have more than One Execution againft him, her, or them in the faid Court, he, fhe, or they fhall

be imprifoned the limited Time for and in refpect of each and every Execution (thac is to fay); after the limited Time is expired on the E’irft Execution the Imprifonment fhall commence on the Second Execution, and afrer the limited Time is.expired on the Second Execution the Imprifonment fhall commence on the Third Execution, and foor until he, fhe, or they fliall have been imprifoned the limited Time for and in refpect of each and every feparate Execution to be iffued againft him, her, or them in the faid Court previous to his, her, or their

2140

May be fu-perieded.

Procefs not to flue againft the P rion and Goods of the fame Perfons.

Debtors ab-fcond'ng or removing Ooods to avoid Execution, may be taken in Execution an Procefs from the fuperior Courts.

Debtors not liable to pay Gaol Fees.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 109.

being taken in Cuftody, or during his, her, or their Imprifonment, any Law, Statute, or Utage to the contrary norwithftanding : Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall prevent or exclude any fuch Perfon or Perfons fo charged in Execution from bring entitled to a Suprrledeas on the Payment of the Debt or Debts and Cofts awar. ded, and of fuch other Fees and Charges as are hereby or by the faid recited Act directed or allowed to be paid in the fame manner as by the faid recited Act is directed and provided ; provided alfo, that it (hall not be lawful to or for the faid Commiffioners to iffue any Procels againft the Body or Bodies of any Perfon or Perfons in any Cale or Cafes where the Party entitled to the Benefit of any Order, Judgment, or Decree ihall at the fame Time have obtained any Warrant or Procefs againfi the Goods and Chattels of the fame Perfon or Perfons.

XVII.	And as it may happen that Perfons ferved with Procefs iffuing out of the faid Court, may in order to avoid Execution remove their Perfons and Effects beyond the Limits of the Jurifdiction of the faid Court; be ic therefore enacted, That in all Cafes where a final Decree or Judgment for any Sum exceeding Ten Shillings (hall have been obtained in the laid Court, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at K/’eJiminJier, upon Affidavit made and filed of fuch Decree or Judgment being obtained and of diligent Search and Enquiry having been made after the Perfon or Perfons of the Defendant or Defendants, or his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, and of the Precept of Execution having iffued againfi: his, her, or their Perfon or Perfons or Effects, as the Cafe may be, and that the Perfon or Perfons, Goods and Chattels of fuch Defendant or Defendants is or are not to be found within the Jurifdiction of the faid Court, which Affidavit may be made before a Judge or Commiffioner authorized to take Affidavits, in any of His Majdty’s Courts of Law at Wejiminfter; and it ihall and it may be lawful for fuch fuperior Court' to caufe the Record of the faid Decree or Judgment to be remov. ed into fuch fuperior Court, and to iffue Writs of Execution thereupon to the Sheriff of any County, City, Liberty, or Place, againft the Perfon or Perfons or Effects ot the Defendant or Defendants, in the fame manner as upon Judgments obtained in the faid Courts at H'cjtminjicr j and the Sheriff upon every fuch Execution (hall and he is hereby authorized to detain the Defendant or Defendants until the Sum of Twenty Shillings be paid to him, or to levy the fame out of the Effects, according to the Nature of the Execution, for the extraordinary Cofts of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in the faid Court fubfequent to the faid Decree or Judgment, and of the Execution in the Superior Court, over and above the Money for which fuch Execution Ihall be iffued.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That each and every Perfon im-priloned by virtue of this Act, Ihall on the Expiration of his or her Time of Imprifonment be difeharged and fet at Liberty, without paying any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee or Fees, or other Reward or Gratuity whatfoever to the Keeper or Keepers, or Turnkey or Turnkeys of the faid Prifon, or others, by way of Gaol Fees or Difcharge Fees or on any other Pretence whatfoever; and if any Keeper or Keep-

ers,

2 I -Ul

4.8* GEORGII III. Cap. tog.

crs, Turnkey or Turnkeys of the faid Prifon, or any other Perfon or Perfons lhall demand, take, or receive any Fee or Fee., Sum or Sums of Money whatfoever upon the Difcharge of any Perfon or Perfons fo committed to his or their Charge or Cuftody as aforefaid, or (hall keep or detain any fuch Perfon or Perfons a Prifoncr or Pri-lbners after the Time by this Aft limited for his, her, or tbtir Im-prifonment j and that every fuch Keeper, Turnkey, and other Perfon (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and fuch Offence (hall be heard and determined, and fuch and the like Penalty (hall be impofed and be rec overed, in the fame manner as in fuch and the like Ckfes is preferred and directed in and by an Aft paffed in the Twenty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majeffy, intituled. An A5i for regulating the Tine of the Im-prifonment of Debtors imprifoned by Procefs from Courts injii tutedfor the Recovery of Small Debts, for abolifhing the Claim cf Fees of Gaolers and others in the Cafes offuch Imprifonment, and for afeer taming the Nullifications of the Commiffioners.

XIX.	And be it further enacted. That the feveral Fees and Sums of Fees u> be Money hereinafter limited and expreffed and no other (hall be taken taken by the by the Clerk and Serjeant or other Officer of the faid Court of Requefts (rI'\r''c anJ for the Time being, for their feveral and refpective Services in the &efJwani* execution of the faid recited Act and of this Act, in lieu and (lead of the Fees and Sums of Money limited and expreffed in the faid recited Act (that is to fay) j

CLERK’S FEES.

Entering every Caufe -Iffuing every Summons -For calling the Plaintiffand Defendant be-forethe Court and entering Appearance ] filling every Subpoena for the Attendance of not more than Two Witneffes For a Nonfuit on the Plaintiff's not appearing ------

For every Hearing -Entering and drawing up every Order -Paying Money in full into Court, and entering the fame in his Book Paying Money by Inftalments Iffuing every Attachment, Precept, Order, or Execution -	-	••

Acknowledging Satisfaction in part or in full -	-

For every Search in the Book Swearing every Witnefs -For every Superfedeas of a Debtor charged in Execution -

[Loc. & Per.3	24	G

On D Shil	og*T«  ipgs.	>« D Ten  Sb	Forty  ling..		Shillings  Five
5.	d.	s.	d.	s.	d.
O	3	I	O	I	6
O	6	I	O	1	6
O	3	O	3	0	6
O	6	I	0	■	6
O	6	1	0	2	O
O	6	I	0	I	6
O	6	O	9	I	6
O	6	O	9	I	6
O	6	O	9	£	O
I	O	I	6	2	6
O	6	O	6	I	O
O	2	O	3	O	6
0	3	O	4	O	6
O	9	I	0	2	0

Table of Fees.

For

2142

Table of Fees to be hung up in the Court.

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 109.

CLERK’S FEES continued.

For every Warrant of Commitment for an Infult or Mifbehaviourin the Court, or to the Commifiioner’s Clerk or ocher Officer of the Court -	-

For receiving Money out of Court

SERJEANT’S FEES.

For the Service of every Summons, Order, or Subpcena, in the Town If out of the Town, for every Mile extra For the Execution of every \Varrant, Precept, or Attachment againft the Goods or Body in the Town -	-	'	-

If out of the Town, for every Mile extra If an Affiftant Serjeant be necefiary in the Judgment ofihe Commifiions, then for the Afiiftant in the Town If out of the Town for every Mile extra

On Debts not exceeding Ten Shillings	ing Forty Shillings.	Oti Dr bts above Forty Shillings  ^ jpg Five"
S, d.	S' d.	s. d,
I O  0 3	0 6	1 0
0 0  K» CO	0 6 0 3	0 9  ° 3
0 6 0 2	1 0  0 3	2 0 0 3
0 4 0 2	0 0	1 0  0 3

A Table of which faid Fees fhall be hung up by the Clerk of the faid Court in fome public and confpicuous Part of the Court Houfe or other Place where the faid Commiffioners fhall meet for the Purpofes aforefaid, to the end that all Perfons concerned may at all Times fee and read over the fame.

Penalty on taking other Fees.

XX.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforefaid. That if the faid Clerk of the faid Court for the Time being, or his Deputy or Serjeant of the faid Court for the Time being, or any of them, fhall knowingly take cr demand any greater or other Fees than as herein mentioned, upon Complaint and due Proof thereof upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes made in open Court, the faid Commiffioners, or any Three or more of them, being a Majority of the faid Court, fhall and are hereby required and empowered from Time to Time to punifli fuch Offender by Fine not exceeding Twenty Pounds for One Offence, to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the faid Commiffioners or any Three or more of them, rendering the Overplus (if any) after the Charges of fuch Dif-trefs and Sale are deducted ; which Fine and Fines when recovered fnall be paid to the Treafurer or Trehfurers for ihe Time being or the Governor, Affiftant, and Guardians of the Poor of Kingston upon-Hull aforefaid, for and towards thh Maintenance of fuch Poor as fhall or may be chargeable to the faid Town.

Repealing certain Re-ftridiions in

she faid Aft,

XXI.	And whereas by the faid recited Act it is (among!! other Things) enacted. That no Suit which fhall have been commenced in the faid Court of Requells in purfuance of the faid recited Act, nor any

Proceed-

2143

48° GEORGII III. Cap. log.

Proceedings therein, (hall or may be removed into any (uperior Court; be it therefore enacted, That the (aid Provifion (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed and declared null and void.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit (hall be commenced againft any Perfon or Perlons for any thing done in pur-fuance of the (aid recited Act and of this Act or cither of them, or on account of any Order, Determination, Judgment, or Decree of any of the faid Commifiioners, until Twenty-one Days Notice thereof (hall be given in Writing, to be left at the Office of the Clerk of the (aid Court, or after fufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Six Calendar Months next after the Caufe of Action (hall arife; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Action and Suits, and every of them, may plead the General IBue, and give this Act and the fpecial Matter in Evidence at any Trial or Trials which (hall be had thereupon; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (ball be nonluited, or if a Verdict or Judgment (hall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein, then and in either of the faid Cafes fuch Defendant or Defendants (hall have Treble Cods, and (hall have fuch Remedy for recovering the fame as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Colls in any Cafes by Law.

XXIU,	Provided always, and it is hereby enacted. That the faid recited Act, and all Powers, Provifoes, Claufes, Matters and Things therein refpectively contained, (hall, fo far as the fame are not hereby exprefsly repealed or otherwife provided for, and are not inconfift-ent with any of the Provisions of this Adi, continue and be and the fame are hereby declared to be in full force, and (hall extend and be conftrued to extend to all and every Perfon and Perfons to whom this Act doth or (hall extend, in the fame manner as if the fame were herein contained and expreffed.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That this Act (hall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Jultices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

of Aft ions againft the Commif-fioners, &c. aftir.g under this Aft.

May plead the General Iffue.

If Plaintiff nonfuired or Verdi ft for Defendant, Treble Cod*

Recited Aft except where hereby repealed or otherwife provided for extended to this Aft.

Public Aft.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s mod Excellent Majefty. 1808.





ovato. toMiaaoA^fi/'.iJv -•••••	t"*r'

81033 .III 1I0K03■ J

• **** • * ****************** -%.*» •«»*<«****#*'t

.01J

1o^®Wr>T :H* rtfrfll-w lififn3

-Si. /" -I : ' <~ain I	V

• -io -	- J >;"j	■	>-.• <16»•’.

r • . vf *:>.'•

,«	.	i. ■	..	...	,i	*U	.in~: .'JK'V i I r " . I i

.*»■'	-T^ISSt ^nss-H g»ivM|lS •	»

K	*k	i4i* ■ ss • wt Jtr^ipC'. y> .	/ wl; .	^

•	.	,	.	:. •■v	)«	.»’•

*;*30 sSTHFSEPf: ': . SidBBSFSSREW f#m(S8R,aiP*

rfftt1 j0* >.■'■•. to* - ■■ .- j,

it	.	.	i--' "	- "

■

.. !.:.•	.r . j-’*	SKisiiw	ii.rA	'	•

. ■ ' ...

*' ssntiti attiwini >••■ >iw a«M UMli	irt	.••■•	•••»

11 atom j J ■	a«<s	usamt.'- •.••••

«S1	: . *n Jllll ..;. ill- • , IB	'■(■■

■

>	I:-]	nmmiif	ai	atsurownga	-	tom	*»	-	■	.•	w	a	■:•■.

•tdto '••• mm: i» '•!••'■ y , ;uflHapt. •»*-» ■ ' »«• ««.	' ie*

.	•	■	■	:	til	i£i^..	■	:	::	- .

. :■ i k :.;i	.VI	A'*	HI’	>■	Ok

'S	i	:tf	®	:K

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

****************************************************

Cap. 110.

An A£t for the more eafy and fpeedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Townfliip of Wolverhampton, and in the feveral Parilhes and Places therein mentioned, in the County of Stafford.

[18th June 180S.J

WHEREAS there are in the feveral Townlhips, Parilhes, and Places of Wolverhampton, Wednesfield, Brewood, Pattingham, Bujhbury, Penn, Biljlon, IVillenball, IVedneJlury, and Dar-lafton, in the County of Stafford, many confiderable and extenfive Collieries, Iron Works, and Hardware and other large and extenfive Manufaftories, and the Inhabitants and Trade of the faid Townlhips, farilhes and Places, have of late Years much increafed, and the greateft Part of which faid Inhabitants are working Colliers, Miners, Labourers, and Mechanics employed in the faid Collieries, Iron Works, and Manufadlories: And whereas the Merchants, Tradefmen, and Inhabitants of the faid Townlhips, Parilhes, and Places refpeftively, are, for the Purpofe of recovering Small Debts under the refpeftive Jurildidtions to which by the Common Law they mull at prefent refort, obliged to be at an Expence fometimes far exceeding, and in all Cafes highly difproportionate, to the Amount of the Sum fued for: And whereas it would greatly tend to the Improvement and Encouragement of Trade, and to the necelfary Support and Proteftion of ufeful Credit in the faid Townlhips, Parilhes, and Places, were fufficient Powers veiled in Commidioners to hear and determine Plaints concerning fuch Debts in a fummary Way, in Two feparate and diftinfl Jurifdic-[Lrr. & Per.]	24	H	tions;

214-6

48° GEORGII III. Cap. no.

tions; One Jurifdi&ion to extend to the Townfhips of Wolverhampton and Wednesfield, and the feveral Parifties of Brewood, Pattmgham, Bujhbury, and Penn; and the other Jurildi&ion to extend to the ieve-ral Townfhips of Bilfton and Willenhall, and the Parifhes of WedneJ-bury and Darlallon, except the Manor of Bradley in the faid Townlhip of Bilfton-: But as the fame cannot be efre&ed w.'thout the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty, That it may be eha<5Ved ; and be it enabled by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, Commiffion- and by the Authority of the fame. That the feveral Juftices of the Wofver'he Peace refiding in and afling for the County of Stafford for the Time ham peon, being, together with James Adjhead, John Alcock, Thomas Allen, Wednesfield, Richard ndrews, Mofes Anjlow, William Bacon, William Baker, James Brewood, Barber, Thomas Bedford, William Beetlefione, John Bill, Thomas Bill, Banbury,"1’ Thomas Boycott Efquire,William Brifcoe, Richard Brifcoe, James Brown, and Penn William Buckle, William Carelefs, Thomas Carelefs, Thomas Cartwright Jurifdi&ion. of Rudge, William Chamberlain, William Chrees, William Chrees the Younger, William Clark, Lewis Clutterbuck, David Cole, William Cooky John Cooky Jofeph Cornfortby John Corfery William Cox, Thomas Cox, Samuel Craddock,	Kenderdine	Cru.tchley, Edward Curtis, Thomas

DaviSy Philips Deakin, the Reverend Thomas Dethicky Lawrence Devey, Deveyy Silvanus Earp the Younger, Thomas Eaton, John Eggin-/<?», William Egginton, Thomas Elwell, Richard Evans, Thomas EvatiSy Edward Farmery Richard Farmery Thomas Farmer, John Felton, Fletcher, William Forfter Wine Merchant, Jofeph Forjler, William Forjler, Thomas Forjler, Thomas Fowke, Robert Fregleton, Richard Fryer, Thomas Gibbons, Thomas Gibbons the Younger,	Gibbons,

Ralph Gough, John Green, John Green Junior, William Green, Thomas Grofvenor, Thomas Grundy, 7^ Harding, Reverend Hamlet Harrifon, Edward Harrold, John I.ea Hayley, Thomas Bainbrigge Herrick Efquire, Phillip Hickin, John Higgs, John Higgs Junior, Benjamin Hill, William Hill, James Hob bins, James Hordern, Thomas Howell, Thomas Jackfon, Henry Jeffon, John Jeffon, Samuel Jones, Evan Jones, Robert Jones, Thomas Jones, William Jones of Penn, Reverend Matthew Kemfey, yeiw Lewis, Lickly,	Lingard, Richard Lockley, John Mack-

relly John Mander, Benjamin Mander, Charles Mander, Charles Marfh, Richard Bayley MarJJj Efquire, Thomas Mafcall, Thomas Miller, Andrew Mitchell, William Mitton, George Molineux Efquire, yaiw Moli-toeux, Edward Monckton the Younger, Efquire, David Moody, Robert Morrifon Doctor of Phyfic, Horton, Edward Offiey, William Or gill, George Owen, Thomas Pauli on, Francis Peace, William Peace, Jofeph Pearfon, George Perks. James Perry, Thomas Perry, James Perry the Younger, Perry, William Perry, William Bradney PerjhoufeEfquire, Thomas Phillips, Richard Phillips, John Plant, Francis Pool, Richard Savage Pountney, John Pountney, Benjamin Pountney, John Pountney of Wednesfield, George Pountney, William Tomkys Price, Thomas Raifton, William Ready, John Richards, Thomas Roe, Henry Rogers, Henry Ro-lift on, Obadiah Ryton, William Ryton, William Savage, Thomas Savage, ore//, George Scott,	SimkiJs, John Simmonds, Thomas Simpfon,

Francis Smallwood, Jofeph Smart, Henry Smith, Richard Smith, Jofeph Smith, William Sparrow, Benjamin Stanley, John Stanley, John Stokes Grocer, y^/*	Ironmonger,	Samuel	Stewart,	Samuel	Stubbs,

JoeJph

2J47

4-8“ GEORGII III. Cap. no.

Jofeph Tarratt, William Thacker, Samuel Thomas, John Thomas, Reverend Richard Thursfidd, William Tildejley, Thomas, Timmins, Reverend William Tindall, John Tomlin fan, John Tooth, Thomas Vaught on, Obadiah IVa If or d, John Watford, the Reverend Thomas Walker, Randle Walker, Randle Walker Junior, John Walker, Thomas .Ward, Edward Ward, William Warner, John Weaver* William.Wenman, Thomas Henry Francis Whitgreave Efquire, John Winkle, Henry Wood, Shomas Wood, Samuel Wood, John Warralow, William Worthington, Thomas Wright, Jo/eph Wrighx., Japanner, and Humphrey Wright, lhall be and they are heieby appointed Commiflioners for the Recovery of Small Debts within the faid Townfhips of Wolverhampton and Wednesffeld, and the feveral Parilhes of Brewood, P at tingh am, Buffo bury and Penn, in the County of Stafford; and the faid Commiflioners and their Succcflors are hereby conftituted a Court of Juftice, by the Name and Style of “ The Court of Requeft for the Townlhips of Wolverhampton and “ Wednesffeld and the feveral Parifhes of Brewood, PatUngbam, Buff-<c bury and Penn, in the County of Stafford ■,*’ and the faid Commiflioners are hereby empowered and required to meet and to hold the faid Court at the Public Office in the Town oi\WolverJ:ampton in the faid County of Stafford, on the Fourth Friday next after the paffing of this Act, which faid Meeting lhall and may be adjourned to and until that Day Month; and Meetings of the faid Commiflioners for the Purposes of this Act (hall be and are hereby directed to be held at Wolverhampton aforefaid, except occafional Adjournments as hereinafter mentioned, at fome convenient Place to be appointed for that Pur-pofe by the faid Commiflioners, or the major Part of thole alfembled at their Firft Meeting, or any,fubfequent Meeting, on every Friday Month throughout the Year, and every Year* but when Chrijimas Day, and Fall and Thankfgiving Days by Proclamation lhall happen on the Court Day, the Court lhall be holden on the preceding Day.

II.	And be it further enacted, That the feveral Juftices of the Peace refiding in and acting for the faid County of Stafford for the Time being, together with Jofeph Adams, Samuel Addifon, John Addifon, William Banks Alexander, Henry Afh, James Henry Altwood, Thomas Bailey, Stephen Bafsford, John Beaumont, Jfaac Beckett, Reverend John Beff, Edward Beff, Norris Beff, Norris Bejl Junior, Benjamin Bickley, William Smith Bickley, Richard Bills the Younger, John Partridge Black-more, David Bolton, Jofeph Brevitt, Samuel Bridgewater, William Bridgewater, Thomas Brookes, John Brown, Thomas Brown, William Brueton, John Cardale, Richard Clemfon, Simeon Conftable, Robert Cooper, Richard Cooper, Timothy Cooper, Thomas Cooper, Richard Corbett, Henry Crockett Efquire, John Crowther, Ifaiah Banks, John Davis, William Dean, John Duce, Silvanus Earp, Clement Faulkner, John Fellows, Samuel Fere day, James Fifker, Thomas Fletcher, John Foffer, George Foffer, William Fox, Charles Gallimore the Younger, James Gilbert, William Glaze, George Green, William Greenway the Younger, John Gueft, Richard Hadley, Samuel Halien, Jofeph Hanfon, John Harper, Ijaac Hart ill, John Hart ill, Robert Hartfhorn, Jonathan Hartfhorn, Jofeph Hately, Thomas Hawef William Hayes, Jofeph Hill, jofeph Hill the Younger, Benjamin Hill, Thomas Hinks, Samuel Hinks, Stephen Hip kins, Hyla Holden, Dutton Holland, Jofeph Howell, Elwell Jackfon, Samuel Jack)on, George Elwell Jackfon, Robert Jackfon, Thomas jenks, Job Jones, the Reverend

Commilfion-ers for the Billion, Willer.hal', Wednelbury, and Dar-lafton Jurif-dittion.

2148	48°GEORGII III. Cap. no.

Gough Willis Kempfon., William Kendrick, George Kidjon, John Law, John I ce, William Lees, George Lees, Thomas Lees, Jofeph Lees, Thomas Loxdale, John Mafon, Ifaac Mafon, Richard Mills, Richard Morgan, John Morris, Thomas Negus, the Reverend Charles Neve, Benjamin NitbcHs, Thomas Page, JoJeph Page,	Page, George Parker,	Zacba-

rich Parkes, John Parkes, Jofeph Pear Ion, JoJeph Pedley, William Ped-ley,	Sparry Pendlebury, Benjamin Penn, JoJeph Percival,

Perkin,	Perry, Perry, Jofeph Perry, Edward Perry, Thomas

Perry, Charles Phillips, John Poolton, William Prefion, JM# Rawlinjon Pretty, Jofeph Price, James Price, Thomas Price, Richard Price, Henry Price, William Price, Samuel Proud, Charles Quinton, Richard Rabone, John Read, Jofeph Read, George Roberts, William Rock,

>&» Rogers, James Robinfon, Thomas Robinfon, George Rufhbury, George Rufhbury the Younger, Thomas Rujfell, John Rujfell, William Rylands, William Salter, William Shedden, Silvefter, Brian Silvejler, William Smith, Daniel Smith, Samuel Smith, James Smith, George Smith, Samuel Smith the Younger, Jofeph Smith, William Stokes, William Stokes Junior, Benjamin Stokes, John Stone, John Sparrow, Edwtrd Taylor, Thomas Taylor, Thomas Taylor Ironfounder, Samuel Taylor, William Taylor,	Thompfon, Thomas Tbompfon, Henry Tibbatts, Thomas Tib-

bitts, Thomas Tomkinjon, John Tomkys, Jacob Twigg, Thomas Walker, William Walter, Richard Walton, George Watkins, John Wejlwood, John White, John Whiteboufe, Job Wilkes,	Wilkinfon,	Benjamin Willetts,

Wednefbury, Benjamin Willetts, Bilfton, Edward Woolley, William Wright, Edward Wright, John Wynn, William Tates, Junior, Richard Tates, and Jtoiw Tecmans, fhall be and they are hereby appointed Commiflioners for the Recovery of Small Debts within the faid Townfhips of Bilfton and Willenhall, and Parishes of Wednefbury and Darlafton, in the County of Stafford; and the faid Commiflioners and their Succeffors are hereby conilituted a Court of Jufticc, by the Name and Style of “ The Court of Requeft for the Townfhips of <f Bilfton and Willenhall, and the Parifhes of Wednejbury and Darlafton, in tf the County of Stafford,” except the Manor of Bradley; and the faid Commiflioners laftly abovenamed, are hereby empowered and required to meet and to hold the faid Court in the feveral Townfhips of Bilfton and Willenhall, and Parifhes of Wednefbury and Darlafton, in the faid County, alternately and in Succeflion and Rotation, on every Firft Monday in each and every Calendar Month throughout the Year, and every Year or oftener, if in the Opinion of the faid Commiflioners there fhall be Occaflon (Chriftmas Day, and Fad and Thankfgiving Days by Proclamation, excepted, and then on the Day next following) in a Court Houfe or fome other convenient Place within every of the faid laft-mentioned Townfhips and Parifhes refpectively to be appointed by the major Part of the Commiflioners from Time to Time aflembled at fuch Meetings i and the Firft Meeting of the faid laft-mentioned Commiflioners fhall be held at Bilfton on the firft Monday in the lecond Month next after the palling of this Act.

Defendants	11J. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained fhall

exle,nc* or con^ruec^ to extend fo as to require or compel the At-one Jufifdic- tendance of any Defendant or Defendants, Witnefs or WitnefTes, in tion, not to the faid Court lo to be holden in the laid Townlhip of Wolverhamp-be fummoned ton, or in any other Place by Adjournment, as hereinafter is mentioned.

48° GEORGII HI. Cap. no.

cioned, in purfuance of any Order or Summons iljue i out of the faid Court, or by any Perfon or Perfons whomfoevcr acting as an Officer or Officers of the faid Court, in any Caufe, Suit, or Action which ffiall or may be brought or commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons who fhall refide, inhabit, or dwell in the faid feveral Townffiips of Biljion and Willenhall, and Parifhes of Wednejbury and Darlajlon, or any of them ; and nothing in this Adt contained fhall extend or be conftrued to exteod fo as to require or compel the Attendance of any Defendant or Defendants, Witnefs or Witnefies, in the faid Court fo to be holden in the faid feveral Townlhips of Biljion and IVillenhall, and Parifhes of Wednejbury and Dar'ipjlon, in purluance of any Order or Summons iflued out of the faid laft-mentioned Court, or by any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever a&ing as an Officer or Officers of the faid Court, in any Caufe, Suit, or Action which fhall or may be brought or commenced againft any Perfon. or Perfons who ffiall refide, inhabit, or dwell in the laid Townfhips of Wolverhampton and Wed-tresjteld, and in the faid feveral Pariffies of Brewood, Pattingham, Bujh-bury, and Penn, or any of them.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That it fhall and

may be lawful to and for any Perfon or Perfons who fhall inhabit or dwell in the faid Townfhips of Wolverhampton and Wednesjield, and in the faid Parifhes of Brewood, Pattingham, Bvjhbuty, and Penn, or in any or either of them, to commence, fue, and profecute any Action or Suit, Actions or Suits, againft any Perfon or Perfons who fhall inhabit or dwell in the faid Townfhips of Biljion and Willenhall, and in the faid Patilhes of Wednejbury and Darlajlon, except the Manor of Bradley, or in any or either of them, fo as the Order or Summons, Orders or Summonses, againft fuch Perfon or Perfons do iftue, and all fubfequeot Proceedings under the fame, be had, profecuted, and carried on, and Execution iftue in the laid Court or Courts fo to be held within and for the faid Townfhips of Biljion and Willenhall, and the feveral Parifhes of Wednejbury and Darlajlon -, and that it fhall and may be lawful to and for any Perfon or Perfons who fhall inhabit or dwell in the faid Townfhips of Biljion and Willenhall, and in the faid Parifhes of Wednejbury and Darlajlon, or in any or either of them, to commence, fue, and profecute any Action or Suit, Actions or Suits, againft any Perfon or Perfons who ffiall inhabit or dwell in the laid Townfhips of Wolverhampton and Wedhesjield, and in the faid Parifhes of Brewood, Pattingham, Bujhbury, and Perm, or in any or either of them, fo as the Order or Summons, Orders or Sum-monfes, againft fuch Perfon or Perfons do ifTue, and all fubfequeot Proceedings under the fame be had, profecuted, and carried on, and Execution iftue in the faid Court to be held in the faid Townfhip of Wolverhampton, or at any other Place by Adjournment, as hereinafter is mentioned.

V.	And be it further enacted, That the Commiffioners of the faid Courts refpectively, or the major Part of them prefent at their refpec-tive Meetings to be holden purfuant to this Act, are hereby authorized, empowered, and required to elect a Chairman for each Meeting, and the faid Commiffioners, or the major Part of them prefent at their re-fpective Meetings, not being lefs than Five (except as hereinafter

[Loc, Per,']	24 /	mentioned)

2149

to the Court of the other jurifdi&ioa.

Power for Plaintiffs refiding in one Jurif-d: ft ion, to fue Defendants reading in the other Jurifdiftion.

Cora mi fli oners Powers.

2150

48* GEORGII III. Cap. no.

mentioned) are hereby authorized and empowered to hear and determine all fuch Actions and Caules as are hereinafter mentioned, and to give fuch Judgments, and make luch Orders and Decrees therein, and to award Execution thereupon, with the Colls, againft the Body or Bodies, or againft the Goods of all and every the Perfon and Per. Ions againft whom they fball give any Judgment, or make any Order or Decree, as to them Iball l'eem juft in Law or Equity, and to do, perform, and execute all other Acts, Matters, and Things hereby authorized or directed to be done, as fully and effectually, and the fame lhall have the fame Force and Effect as if given, made, done, performed, and executed by all the faid Commiffioners, except as herein otnerwife is particularly directed and provided ; and in cafe of an Equality of Votes on any Action, Caufe, or Queftion before the faid Commiffioners refpectively, the Chairman, fo to be elected as aforelaidj or if it lhall happen that no Chairman lhall have been pre-vioully elected at that Meeting, then the fenior Juft ice of the Peace acting for the faid County, then actually prefent, and acting as a Com-miffioner by virtue of this Act; or if no fuch Juftice lhall be prefent, and acting as a Commiffioner as aforefaid, then the Commiffioner prefent who Hands firft on the Lifts of Names of the faid Commiffioners refpectively, lhall have the decifive or calling Vote; and the faid Commiffioners lhall and are hereby required to fix up, or caufe to be fixed up, fuch Lift in the Courts or Places where the Commiffioners meet.

Three Com- VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That on the Deci-miffiorers for f10n 0f each an(j every Action, Caufe, or Queftion, for the Recovery jj°“y	of any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, Three at leall of the faid

Five’com- Commiffioners lhall be prefent in Court; and on the Decilion of every miffioners for Action, Caufe or Queftion for the Recovery of any Sum exceeding Sums above Forty Shillings, Five at lead of the faid Commiffioners lhall be pre-Ym'ss " ^ent ‘n Court, the fame Three Commiffioners in the former Cafe, and the fame Five Commiffioners in the latter Cafe, to be attending from the Commencement of the Hearing of any Caufe, Queftion, or Action, to the Decifion thereof.

Qualification VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Perfon £0	fball be qualified to act as a Commiffioner in the Execution of this

°"ers' Act, unlefs he lhall at the Time of acting be a Houfeholder, and poffeffed of a Real Eftate of the clear annual Value of Fifty Pounds, or of a Perfor.al Eilace of the Value of One thoufand and five hundred Pounds, or of a Real Eftate of the clear annual Value of Twenty-five Pounds, together with a Perfonal Eftate of the Value of One thoufand Pounds, above all Charges and Incumbrances whatfoever ■ and if any Perfon, not being fo qualified, (hall prefume to act as a Commiffioner, every fuch Perfon lhall for every fuch Offence (over and above any Punilhment he may be fubject and liable to for wilful and corrupt Perjury) forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, together with full Cofts of Suit, to any Perfon or Perlons who lhall fue for the fame in any of His Majelty’s Courts of Record at Wellminfter, by Action of Debtor on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information^ wherein no Effoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance lhall be allowed; and in every fuch Action, Bill, Plainr,

or

480 GEORGII Hit. Gap. no.	aiji

or Information, the Proof of fuch Qualification fhall be on the Defendant, and it fhall be fufficient for the Plaintiff or Profecutor to prove that the Perfon fo fued or profecuted had acted as a Commit-fioner in the Execution of this Act: Provided neverthelefs, that all Judgments, Orders, Decrees, Acts, and Proceedings of all and every Perfon and Pcrfons acting as a Commiflioner or Commiflioners in the Execution of this Act, though not duly qualified as aforefaid, previous to his or their being convicted of fuch Offence, fhall, notwithstanding fuch Conviction, be as good, valid, and effectual as if fueh Perfon or Perfons had been duly qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

VIII.	And be it further enacted. That no Perfon fhall be capable Commiflion-of acting as a Commiflioner in the Execution of this Act (fave and ers®ath. except in adminiftering the Oath or Affirmation herein mentioned to

the other Commiflioners) until he fhall have taken and fubfcribed an Oath or Affirmation in the following or Words to the fame Effect i (that is to fav),

* T A. B. do fwear [or, being one of the Perfons called Quakers, Oath.

*	do folemnly affirm] That I will faithfully, honeflly, and im-‘ partially, according to the beffc of my Skill and Judgment, hear c and determine all fuch Matters and Things as fhall be brought ‘ before me, by virtue of an Act palled in the Forty-eighth Year of 4 His Majefty King George the Third, intituled [here Jet forth the Title

*	of this without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Malice, to

*	any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever; and alfo that I am a Houfe-

*	holder, and poffeffed of a Real Eftate of the clear annual Value c of Fifty Pounds, or of a Petfonal Eflate of the Value of One thou-

*	fand and five hundred Pounds, or of a Real Eftate of the clear

*	annual Value of Twenty-five Pounds, together with a Perfonal

*	Eftate of the Value of One thoufand Pounds, above all Charges

*	and Incumbrances whatfoever.

‘ So help me GOD.*

Which Oath or Affirmation the faid Commiflioners, or any One or more of them, is and are hereby empowered and required to admi-nifter in open Court; and each and every fuch Commiflioner fhall and he is hereby required (immediately after taking the laid Oath or Affirmation) to fign and fubfcribe his Name upon a Roll or Rolls of Parchment, or in a Book or Books to be provided for the laid Jurifdictions refpectively for that Purpofe, with the faid Oath or Affirmation written or printed thereon or therein; and fuch Roll or Rolls, or Book or Books, fhall be carefully kept among the Records of the faid re-fpective Courts.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That when any of the faid Com- Appointment miflioners hereinbefore named fhall happen to die, or fhall refufe or of new Coin-neglect to qualify himfelf for acting as a Commiflioner in the Execu- miflioners. tion of this Ad, by taking and fubfcribing the Oath hereinbefore mentioned, within Two Years from the paflingof this Act; or if any Perfon hereafter to be elected and chofen a Commiflioner, fhall refufe or neglect to qualify himfelf for acting in the Execution of this Act as

aforefaid.

2152

Power for Commiffion-ers of firft-name Jurif-didion, to adjourn the Court to other Places within the fame Jutif-di&ion.

Time of

hearing

Caufes.

Appointment of Officers.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 11 o.

aforcfaid, within Two Years next after he (hall have been fo elected and chofen, or lhall accept the Office of Clerk, or otherwife become disqualified to act in the Execution of this Act, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Surviving and remaining Commiffioners in each Jurifdi&ion respectively, acting in the Execution of this Act, or the major Part of them prelent at a Meeting to be bolden for that Pur-pofe, fo foon after iuch Deceafe, Refufal, or Disqualification Shall happen or be known, as conveniently may be, to elect and appoint One other Commiffioner in the room or ftead of every Such Commif-fioner fo dying or retufing to act, or eeafing to be fo qualified as afore-laid; and Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of Meeting for every Such Election, and of the Purpofe thereof. Shall be affixed by the Clerk or Clerks for the Time being to the Commiffioners of the laid respective Courts, on the Doors of the refpective Places of holding the Said Courts, Ten Days at leaft before Such Meeting Shall be holden; and every Commiffioner Jo elected Shall have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying this Act into Execution, and Shall be Subject and liable to the fame Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, as if he had been particularly named herein as a Commiffioner.

X.	And be it further enacted, That if it Shall appear to the faid Commiffioners in Court aSSembled, and.acting in and for the Jurisdiction in this Act firft mentioned, that an occasional Adjournment to fame other Part of the Diftridt within the fame Jurisdiction, may have a Tendency to facilitate or expedite the Bufmefs of the Said firft mentioned Court, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commissioners aSSembled at any Court where Seven at leaft Shall be prefent, or the major Part of them, and acting in and for the faid firft mentioned Jurisdiction, to adjourn Such Court to any other Place or Places within the faid firft mentioned Jurisdiction, as often or as many Times as to them may Seem fit, but Such Adjourned Court Shall not be held in any one TownShip or Parish from or out of Wolverhampton aforefaid, and within the faid firft mentioned Jurisdiction, oftener than Four Times or Days in Twelve Calendar Months.

XI.	And, for the better regulating the Sittings of the faid refpective Courts, be it further enacted, That the Commiffioners Shall not hold the faid Courts, or hear or determine any Cafe or Caufe, but between the Hours of Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon, and Six of the Clock in the Afternoon \ and nothing in this Act contained lhall extend or be conftrued to extend to require the Attendance of any Plaintiff or Defendant, or Witnefs, in the faid refpective Courts, except between the faid Hours of Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon, and Six of the Clock in the Afternoon.

XII.	And be it further enacted. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners of each Jurisdiction refpectively., and they are hereby required at their faid Firft Meetings, to nominate and appoint fit and proper Peri'ons for Clerks, Serjeants, and other necef-fary Officers of and in the faid refpective Courts of Requeft j and that it Shall and may be lawful to and for the faid refpective Clerks immediately after their Appointments, and from Time to Time, to nominate

2i53

48° GE'ORGII III. Cap. no.

nate and appoint a Deputy and Deputies to act in his and their room or (lead, which Deputy and Deputies, in the Abfence of the jfaid refpective Clerks, fhall have the fame Authority as if the refpeftive Clerks themlelves were perfonally prefent, and fhall from Time to Time be difplaceable and removable, and fhall accordingly be difplaced and removed at the Will and Pleafure of the faid refpective Clerks of the faid refpective Courts of Requeft for the Time being, and for which Deputy or Deputies fetch Principal or Principals fo appointing a Deputy or Deputies Iball be anfwerable; and fuch Clerk or Clerks, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby empowered and required to iflue all Summonfes, Subpoenas, Warrants, and Precepts, and to regifter all Orders, Decrees, and Judgments of the laid Courts reipectively, and to do all fuch Acts, Matters, and Things as are directed or required to be done by the faid Clerks by virtue of this Act.

XIII.	And be it further enacted. That in cafe of Neglect or Re-fufal of the faid refpeftive CommifTioners, a fufficient Number of the faid refpeftive CommifTioners fliall not be prefent to aft in the Execution of this Aft as is herein directed on any of the Days appointed for holding of the faid refpeftive Courts, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for any of the faid refpeftive Commif-fioners who fhall be prefent, and if no Commiffioner fhall be prefent, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid refpeflive Clerks or their refpeftive Deputies for the Time being, to adjourn the faid refpeftive Courts to the next Court Day, or fome earlier Day.

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That the faid refpeftive Commif-fioners fhall and they are hereby required to make or caufe to be made fair and regular Entries, in a Book or Books to be provided by them for that Purpofe, of all the Judgments, Afts, Orders, Direftions, Regulations, and Proceedings of them the faid refpeftive CommifTioners, relative to the Execution of the feveral Powers and Authorities vefted in them by this Aft, and alfo of the Names of the Commiffioneis who fhall be prefent at their refpeftive Meetings ; and fuch Entries fhall be figned by the Chairman of each refpeftive Meeting; and fuch Entries when fo figned, and fuch Book and Books, fhall be allowed to be read in Evidence, in Proof of the Proceedings of fuch refpeflive Courts, in all Courts whatfoever.

XV.	And be it further enafted. That every Clerk and Clerks, Serjeant and Serjeants and other Officer and Officers, fhall immediately on his or their Appointment or Appointments to fuch refpeftive Offices, give fuch Security to the faid refpeflive CommifTioners, or to any Five of them refpeftively, as the faid refpeflive CommifTioners, at the Time of fuch refpeftive Appointments, fhall direft, duly to pay and account for all fuch Sum or Sums of .Money and other Things as fhall from Time to Time come to their refpeftive Hands or PofTieffion, and for the due and proper Execution of the faid refpeflive Offices.

XVI.	And be it further enafted. That in cafe of the Death, Refig-nation, or Removal of any Clerk, Serjeant, or other Officer, nominated or appointed by virtue of this Aft, fuch Clerk, Serjeant, or other

[Loc. fc? Per.]	24 K	Officer

If fufficient Commiffion-ers do not attend,

beadjourned.

Commiffion-

their Proceedings i a Book.

Clerics to give Security.

Officers re-figning or being removed, or their perfona!

2*54

Reprefenta-tives, (in cafe of Death) to deliver up Books, &c.

Appointment of new Officers in cafe of Death, Refignation, or Removal;

and Officers may be removed for Mifcondutt.

Commiffion-er .not to ad where inte-'•efted.

48" GEORG 11 III. Cap. 110.

Officer fo refigning or being removed, and the perlonal Reprefentarive or perfonal Reprefentatives of fuch Clerk, Serjeant, or other Officer lo dying, ffiall, on having Fourteen Days Notice in Writing, under the Hands of Nine of the faid refpe&ive Commiffioners, given to him or them, or left at his or their laft or ufual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpofe, produce and deliver up ro the laid refpective Commiffioners at the Cpurt to be holden next after the Expiration of the faid Fourteen Days, all Books. Rolls, Accounts, Papers, Writings, Monies, and other Things in his or their Cuftody or Power, relating or belonging to their faid refpe&ive Offices; and in cafe iuch Clerk, Serjeant, or other Officer fo refigning or being removed, or the perfonal Representative or perfonal Reprelentatives of fuch Clerk, Serjeant, or other Officer fo dying, ffiall neglect or refufe fo to produce and deliver up all fuch Books, Rolls, Accounts, Papers, Writings, Monies, and other Things, upon due Proof of the Service of fuch Notice, it ffiall and may be lawful to and for the faid re-fpe&ive Commiffioners affembled at the next, or any fubfequent Courc, to impofe or lay a Fine not exceeding Twenty Pounds, on every Pcr-fon fo offending.

XVII.	And be it further enaeted, That it ffiall and may be lawful for the major Part of the Commiffioners refpectively, who ffiall be fitting and adting in Court on the next Court Day after the Death, Refignation, or Removal of any Clerk, Serjeant, or other Officer nominated or appointed by virtue of this Aft, or fo foon after as the fame ffiall be known, to caufe fuch of the adling Commiffioners as refide within the Juril’didtion of the faid refpective Courts, or within one Mile thereof, to be fummoned to meet at fome convenient Place to be appointed for that Purpofe, within Twenry-one Days next after their being fummoned; and fuch refpedtive Commiffioners at fuch Meeting (not being leis than Nine) or the major Part of them pre-fent, are hereby authorized and required to eledl another Perfon or Perfons in the room or ftead of every fuch Clerk, Serjeant, or other Officer fo dying, refigning, or being removed, and fo from Time to Time when and fo often as any Clerk, Serjeant, or other Officer ffiall die, refign, or be removed from their refpedtive Offices; and all and every Clerk and Cleiks, Serjeant and Serjeants, and other Officers of the faid refpedtive Courts, ffiall do and perform in their refpedtive Offices as they ffiall be directed or appointed by the faid Commiffioners refpectively, and the Serjeants of the faid Courts ffiall feive all Sum-monfes, and execute fuch Orders, Warrants, and Precepts, and do and perform all fuch other Acts, Matters, and Things as may be required to be done by them refpedtively by virtue of this Act; and it ffiall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners refpectively, not being lefs than Nine, or the major Part of them affembled tor that Purpofe, from Time to Time to remove all fuch Clerks, Serjeants, and other Officers, or any of them, for Mifbehaviour in their refpective Offices or other fufficient Caufe.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted. That if any Commiffioner of the faid refpective Courts for the Time being, ffiall be Party, to or intc-refted in any Caule depending in the laid Courts refpetffively, or ffiall be Father, Son, or Brother of any Perfon or Perfons concerned or

interefted

2i55

48° GEORGII HI. Cap. no.

interefted in any Caufe, Action, or Matter, fuch Perfon (hall not be capable of acting as a Commiflioner in the hearing and determining of fuch Caufe, Action, or Matter, or making any Order, Decree, or Judgment therein, but after being heard in the faid Court fhall withdraw until the fame fhall be finally determined; and if any Clerk, Serjeant, or other Officer of the faid refpe&ive Courts for the Time beingi lhall be Party to or interefted in any Caufe, Action, or Matter depending in the faid refpective Courts, fuch Clerk, Serjeant, or other Officer (hall not exercife his or their Office in fuch Caufe, Action, or Matter, or in any thing relating thereto; but fuch Perfon or PerfonS as fhall be nominated and appointed by the faid Commiffioners re-fpectively to exercife the laid Office of Clerk, Serjeant, or other Officer refpectively, in his or their place or ftead, lhall be and is hereby vefted with full Power and Authority to execute the Office ol Clerk, Serjeant, or other Officer, in all things relating to fuch Caufe, Action, oi Matter.

XIX.	And be it further enabled. That from and after the Firft Meeting of the faid Commiffioners refpectively, it lhall and may be lawful to and for any Perfon or Perfons (whether refiding in the Jurif-diction of the faid refpective Courts or not) having any Debt or Debts on Rent or Arrears of Rent, or Quantum Meruit, Quantum Valebat, and in all Cafes of Trover and Converfion, or of Trelpafs or Detinue for Goods and Chattels taken or detained, or otherwile how-foever, (fave and except as herein excepted) not exceeding the Value of Five Pounds, due, owing or belonging to him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own Right, or in the Right of any other Perfon or Perfons, or as Executor or Adminiftrator, Guardian, Afligriee, or Truftee to any Perfon or Perfons, or due or owing to him as Town Clerk, or other Officer to any Body Corporate, as Collector of any Rates or Taxes, or as Clerk or other Officer to any Commifiioners, or to any Club or Friendly Society, duly afiociated or conftituted according to the Provifions of the feveral Statutes in that Cafe made and provided, or in any other Manner w’hatfoever which the faid refpective Commiffioners are by this Act enabled to judge and determine, and not herein exprefsly prohibited, by or from any other Perlon or Perfons whom-foever inhabiting, and refiding, within the Limits of the faid feveral Townlhips, Parilhes, and Places, or either or any of them, or keeping and ufing any Houfe, Warehoufe, Wharf, Quay. Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall or Stand, or generally ufing and frequenting the Markets there, or feeking a Livelihood within the fame, to apply to the Clerk or Clerks of the faid refpective Court?, or the Deputy of any fuch Clerk, in the Manner in this Act directed, who fhall immediately make out and deliver to the Serjeant or Serjeants of the faid refpective Courts for the Time being, a Summons in Writing under the Hand of fuch Clerk, directed to fuch Debtor or Debtors, expreffing the Sum demanded of him, her, or them, and (fating the caule of Action, together with the Name of the Party demanding the fame, and requiring fuch Debtor or Debtors to appear at a certain Time and Place to be mentioned in fuch Summons, before the Commifiioners of the faid Courts refpectively, to anfwer fuch Demands and fuch Serjeants fhall forthwith ferve or caufe fuch Summons to be ferved on fuch

Debtor

Debtors to be fummoned before Com-miflioners.

and Particulars of Demand Rated.

2*56

Three Days before the Meeting.

Commiffion-ers may direft Payments either in one Sum or by Inftalments,

and may examine Officers, Parties, and Wit-11 efles on Oath.

Penalty on

Witneffes not attending if

fummoned.

4&° GEORGII III. Cap. 11 o.

Debtor or Debtors, either perfonally or by leaving the fame with his, her, or their Servant or other Perfon belonging to him, her, or them, or at the Dwelling, Warehoufe, Wharf, Quay, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing of fuch Debtor or Debtors, being within the Jurifdi&ion of the laid respective Courts, Three Days ac lead before the Time appointed for fuch Debtor or Debtors to appear before the faid Court; and upon due Proof made of fuch Summons, having been duly ferved in Manner aforefaid, the faid Commiffioners refpectively in Court aflembled. are hereby empowered and required to make due Enquiry concerning fuch Demands or Plaints, and make fuch Order or Orders therein, and pafs fuch Sentence or Judgment thereupon, and award fuch reafonable Cods of Suit as to them (hall feem right and proper, confident with the Rules and Regulations in this Act contained; and they are hereby alfo empowered to order and direct the Payment of any fuch Debts to be made either in one Sum or by Inftalments at dated Periods, under fuch Conditions and with fuch Security for the Payment of the fame as they fhall fee Caufe and deem jud and. reafonable, all which Orders, Judgments, and Proceedings fhall be entered or regidered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpofe by the Clerk or Clerks of the faid Courts refpectively, and as well the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs as the Debtor or Defendant, Debtors or Defendants, whom any fuch Order, Judgment, or Proceeding fhall refpectively concern, fhall obferve, perform, and keep the fame refpectively in all Points; and it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Commiffioners prefent in the faid re-fpective Courts to adminider an Oath or Oaths/ Affirmation or Affirmations, to any Officer of the faid Court, or to either of the faid Parties, as the faid refpective Commiffioners fhall think proper, and to examine touching any Mat'er in quedion, and alfo to examine fuch Witnefs or Witneffes, Perfon or Perfobs, whofe Evidence fhall feem neceffary in the hearing or determining, or the making of any Order or Decree in the Premifes, or for any other Purpofe requifite in the Execution of this Act.

XX.	And be it further enacted, That it fliall and may be lawful from Time to Time and at all Times, to and for any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, in any Suit or Caufe hereafter depending in the faid refpective Courts, to caufe any Perfon or Perfons refid-ing within the Jurifdi&ion of the faid refpe&ive Courts, to be warned or fummoned to fuch refpedlive Courts, either by ferving a Subpoena or Subpoenas, Summons or Summonfes, to be iffued by any Clerk or Deputy Clerk of fuch refpe&ive Courts, and to be ferved by a Serjeant of the fame Courts perfonally, or by leaving fuch Subpcena or Subpoenas, Summons or Summonfes at the lad or ufual Place or Places of Abode of fuch Perfon or Perfons, to appear as a Witnefs or Witneffes to give Evidence in the faid refpedive Courts out of which fuch Subpoena or Subpoenas, Summons or Summonfes fliall iffue, in or concern, ing the Suit or Caufe there depending; and in cafe any Perfori or Perfons after having been fo fubpeenaed or fummoned to give Evidence as aforefaid, and paid or tendered his, her, or their reafonable Expences to attend and give his, her, or their Evidence at the Time and Place in fuch Subpcena or Subpcenas, Summons or Summonfes mentioned, on

Behalf

2157

4S0 GEORGII III. Cap. no.

Behalf of any fuch Plaintiff or Defendant, (hall neglect or refufe to appear purfuant to fuch Subpoena or Subpoenas, Summons or Summon fes, due Proof being made of the Service thereof, and no fufficient Caufe for his, her, or their Abfence or Non-apperance being (hewn to the Satisfaction of the Court where fuch Suit (hall be depending, and Oath being made before the Commffioners there fitting by the Party or Parties at whofe Inftance and on whofe Behalf fuch Subpoena or Subpoenas, Summons or Summonfes iffued, that the Pcrion or Perfons lerved therewith was or were a Witnefs or Witnefies by fuch Party or Paties judged necefiary for the Proof of his, her, or their Caufe or Caufes, Action or Actions, Complaint or Complaints, Defence or Defences; or if any fuch Witnefs or Witnefies (hall appear but fhall refufe to be examined upon Oath, or in cafe of a Quaker or Quakers upon folemn Affirmation, and, to give Evidence as aforefaid before fuch Commiffioners, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then and in. every fuch Cafe it ffiall and may be lawful to and for the faid refpective Commiffioners to impofe any Fine, not exceeding Ten Pounds, on every Perfon fo offending; and in cafe fuch Fine ffiall not be paid forthwith, the fame ffiall and may be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of tiie Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of the laid Com-mifiioners, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, after deducting fuch Fine, and the Cofts and Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels; and every fuch Fine when fo paid, levied, or recovered, fhall be paid over to the Party or Parties at whofe lnftance or on whofe Behalf fuch Subpoena or Subpoenas, Summons or Summonfes, ffiall have been iffued; and in cafe fufficient Diftrefs fhall not be found, it ffiall and may be lawful to and for any Three or more of the faid Commiffioners to commit fuch Offender or Offenders to the common Gaol or Prifon in the Town of Wolverhampton in and for the faid County of Stafford, there to remain for any Time not exceeding the Space of Two Calendar Months.

XXI.	And be it further enacted, That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons rhaking Oath or giving Evidence in any Caufe or Matter whatever depending in the faid refpective Courts of Requeft, or before any Juf-tice or Juftices in executing this Act fhall wilfully and corruptly give falfe Evidence, or fwear any Matter or Thing which ffiall be fa He or untrue, every fuch Perfon fo offending, and being thereof duly convicted according to Law, ffiall and is hereby declared to be fubject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as Perfons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are liable or fubject to by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

XXII.	And be it further enacted. That where any Debt or Damages ffiall be due or owing by or demanded from any Two or more Perfons jointly, by reafon or on account of fuch Perfons being Partners in Trade or otherwife jointly concerned. Service of fuch Summons as aforefaid personally on any one of fuch Partners or Perfons, and Notice thereof left at the ufual or laft Place or Places of Abode, Warehoufe, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing, trading, or working of the other cr others of fuch Partners or Perfons, ffiall be as good

[Lqc. & Per.']	L	and

Penalty for

Service on one Partner, to be deemed good Service.

215S	4^°	GEORGII	III.	Cap.	tvo.

and fnfficient as if each of fuch Partners or Pefons were feparately fum-moncd as aforei'aid.

Debts due to XXIII. And be it further enacted. That in every Cafe where any der Age110' Sum or Sums °-f Money whatfoever, (except for Wages) not exceed-111 ay be re- ing c^c Sum of Five Pounds, lball be due and owing to any menial coveied. Servant, Clerk, Book-keeper, Journeyman, Shopman, Shopwoman, A1-fiftant, Labourer, or any other Perfon whomfoever, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, it fhali and may be lawful to and for'fuch Servant, Clerk, Book-keeper, Journeyman, Shopman, Shopwoman, Afliftant. Labourer, or other Perfon, to fue for and recover fuch Dcbc in the laid refpe&ive Courts, in the fame manner as if he or fhe were of full Age; and the Commiflioners prefect in the faid Courts refpectively, are hereby required to take Cognizance of and proceed in all Caufes concerning fuch Debts, in the fame Manner, and fhall have the fame Powers in regard thereto as if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs were of full Age.

er^nNon*	XXIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Debtor or Debtors

appearance" w^°	have ^ecn duly fummoned as aforefaid, fhall without good

of Defendant Caufe (to be allowed by the Commiflioners of the faid refpective may proceed Courts) refufe or negleft to appear, either himfelf or herfelf, or by ex parte. fome other Perfon on his, her, or their Behalf, in the faid rcfpe&ive Courts at the Time mentioned in fuch Summons, then it fhall and maybe lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners refpedtively, upon Proof made upon Oath of the Service of fuch Summons in Manner hereinbefore directed, to proceed to hear the Caufe on the Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs only, and to make fuch Order, Decree, or Judgment therein, and to award fuch Cofts as to them fhall feem meet.

If Plaintiff does not appear to prove his Demand, Defendants fhall have Cofts, &c.

Commiffion-ers may award Execution againft the Body or Goods ;

XXV.	And be it further enafted, That if upon the Day of the Re-turn of any Summons iffued on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or at any Continuation or Adjournment of the faid refpective Courts of Requeft, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall rot appear either in Perfon or by fome other Perfon on his, her, or their Behalf, or appearing (half not make Proof of his, her, or their Debt or Demand, to the Satisfaction of the faid Courts refpectively, it (ball and may be lawful to and for the faid refpective Commiffioners prefent in Court, and they are hereby required to award to the Defendant or Defendants reafonable Cofts, and alfofuch Satisfaction for his, her, or their Trouble or Attendance, as to the faid refpective Commiffioners fhall feem right and proper, and to order and compel the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay the fame, by fuch Ways and Means as are herein provided for the enforcing of the Payment of Debts and Cofts ordered and decreed to be paid by the faid refpective Courts.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted, That in any Cafe when the faid refpective Commiffioners (hail have made an Order or Decree for the Payment of Money, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid refpective Commiffioners to award Execution either againft the Body or Goods of the Party or Parties againft whom fuch Order or Decree fhall be made, and thereupon it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk or Clerks of the faid Courts of Requeft tefpectively, at the Defire of

the

2159:

48" OJETORGII 'III. Cap. n6.

the Party or Parties profecuting fuch Order or Decree, to iffue a Precept un^er his Hand and Seal by way of Capias ad Satisfaciedum or Fieri Facias, to the Serjeant or Serjeants of the faid refpective Courts who, by virtue of fuch Precept iffued upon the Execution awarded. againft the Body or Bodies of fuch Party or Parties, fhail and may and is and are hereby empowered and required to take and apprehend fuch Party or Parties (being within the Jurisdiction of the. faid refpective Courts,) and to convey him, her, or them to the Common anfj comrr.it Gaol or Prifon iri the faid Town of JVolverbamptoa, there to remain the Party, until he, fhe, or they {hall perform and obey fuch Order or Judgment, for the Space of Time therein in that Behalf particularly directed; and in cafe any fuch Precept fhail be ifTued upon Execution awarded againit the Goods and Chattels of anv fuch Parry, fhail and may, and he and they is and are hereby empowered to levy by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Party {being within the Jurildiction of the faid refpective Courts) fuch Sum and Sums of Money and Calls, as In cafe TV--' fhail be fo ordered and decreed ; and if the Party againft whofcBody liesf^b/cf°ntl ~ or Goods fuch Execution fhail be awarded, and fuch Procefs fhail iffue Ihci^Goods, thereupon, fhail by abfcortding, or by fecreting or removing his, her, further Exe. or their Goods or Chattels, or by any other Means prevent or evade cution may the Service or Effect of fuch Execution, it fhail and may be lawful to be granted, and for the faid Commiffioners relpectively, upon due Proof thereof made by the Oath of the Serjeant, or of one or more credible. Wicnd’s or Witneffes, at their Difcrecion, to 'award further Execution either againft the Body or Goods and Chattels of fuch Farty or Parties, and Procefs fhail iffue thereupon, and be executed by the Serjeant or Serjeants in Manner aforefaid, until the Party or Parties at whole Suit fuch Execution fhail be ifTued fhail be fully paid and fatisfied: Provi- procefs not to ded always, that it fhail not be lawful for the faid refpective Cornmiflion- |fl-ue againft ers to iffue any Procefs againft the Body of any Perfon, in any Cafe Perfon and where the Party intitled to the Benefit of any Order, Judgment, or Goods. Decree, fhail at the fame Time have obtained any Wanant or Procefs againft the Goods and Chattels of the fame Perfon.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted. That the faid refpective Com- A1|owance miffioners fhail be and they are hereby required and empowered, in t0 be made their Order of Commitment of any Perfon or Perfons to the Common toPriiooers. Gaol or Prifon in the faid Town of Woherb amp ton, for the Nonpayment of any Debt or Debts, to order and direct fuch daily Sum or Sums to be paid weekly or otherwife by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to the Defendant or Defendants fo committed, for his, her, or their Maintenance while in Prifon, as they the faid Commiffioners in their Difcrecion fhail think proper, fo as fuch Daily Allowance fhail not be lefs than Four-pence nor more than Six-pence to each Perfon ; and in default of Payment of the Sum or Sums fo ordered to be paid for the Space of Three Days, the Keeper or Keepers of che fame Gaol or Prifon is and are hereby directed todifeharge fuch Perlon or Perfons from his or their Cuftody, in fuch and the lame Manner as if the Debt and Cofts for which fuch Perfon or Perfons was or were committed had been fully paid and fatisfied : Provided neverthelefs, that it fhail and may be lawful to and for the Plaintiff, or Plaintiffs to pay to the Gaoler or Gaolers the Sum fo ordered by the Commiffioners for the whole Number of Days expreffed in the Order of Commitment,

2l6o

Plaintiff not to recover other than Debts fpe-cified.

Aftions not to be fplit i

but the Court nay decide in fuch Aftion fo fplit, if the Plaintiff fhall befatisfied to receive Five Pounds or lefs in full of all De* ananda.

t birExccu-tion, Clerk to indorfe Debt and Cofts.

4 &•	GEORGII III. Cap.wo.

at the Time of the Defendant or Defendants being delivered into the Cuftody of the Gaoler or Gaolers, and fuch Gaoler or Gaolers ia and are hereby directed to pay thereout the Daily Allowance fo or-dered every Day to fuch Defendant or Defendants, during his, her, or their Confinement; and in cale fuch Deiendant or Defendants Hull be legally difeharged from luch Confinement before the Expiration of the Time of Commitment, that then and in fuch Cafe the faid Gaoler or Gaolers fhall upon fuch Dilcharge forthwith repay to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs the proportionate Rcfidue of fuch Sum, accord, ing to the Number of Days which fhall be unexpired of the Time for which fuch Defendant or Defendants was or were originally committed.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That no Evidence fhall be permitted to be given by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs on the Trial of any fuch Caufe or Action as aforefaid, or of any Caufe of Action except fuch as is (fated in the faid Summons hereby directed to be given, nor fhall any Evidence be admitted on Behalf of any the Defendant or Defendants of any Demand he, fhe, or they may have on the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in the Nature of a Set-off, or to leffen or dilcharge himl'clf, herfelf, or themfelves, from fuch Demand or Caufe of Action, unlefs Notice thereof in Writing fhall have been given to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, by perfonal Service or by leaving ic at his, her, or their Dwelling Houle, Warehoufe, Whaif, Quay, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing, trading, or working, previoui to the Day when fuch Matter or Caute fhall be heard or tried.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That if it fhall appear to the faid refpective Commifiioners that any Plaintiff fhall have fplit or di-vided his or her Caufe of Action, with the Intention of bringing the fame within the Jurildiction of the faid refpective Courts, then and in every fuch Cafe the faid refpective Commifiioners fhall and are hereby required to difmifs, with Cofts, every fuch Caufe or Action fo fplit and divided, but fuch Difmiflal fhall not hinder or prevenc fuch Plaintiff from proceeding for the Recovery of hit or her Debt in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at IVejlminJler, or in fuch other Manner as he or fhe lawfully might have done if no fuch Action or Suit in the faid refpective Courts of Requeft had been brought or commenced: Provided always, that in cale any Plaintiff in fuch Caufe or Action fo fplit or divided, fhall be willing to accept the Sum of Five Pounds, or fuch lefs Sum as (hall be proved to the Satisfaction of the faid refpective Commifiioners to be due and owing from the Defendant to the Plaintiff, in full of the whole of his or her Demand in fuch Caufe, then and in every fuch Cafe the faid refpective Commifiioners (hall and may adjudge and decree the Payment of fuch Sum of Five Pounds or any lefs Sum appearing to them to be fo due and owing, and declare the fame to be, and which fhall be deemed and taken to be in full Difcharge of all Demands from the Defendant to the Plaintiff in fuch Cafe or Caufe fo fplit or divided.

XXX.	And be it further enacted. That in every Precept to be iffued upon any Execution awarded againft the Body or Goods of any Perfon or Pcrfons whomfoever, the Clerk upon ifliiing the fame fhall

fee

48c GEORGII 111. Cap. uo.	*161

let down in Writing the Sum or Sums of Money and Cofts fo 6cdfif4d and decreed to be paid ; and if the Party or Parties againft whom fuck Execution fhall have been awarded, feall before any actual Sale of his, her, or their Goods, or before he, fee, or they is, are, or fhall be taken and apprehended, or before the Expiration of the Term of his, her, or their Imprifonment, pay or caufe to be paid, or tender to the Clerk or Clerks of the faid refpective Courts of Requeft fuch Sum or Sums of Money and Cofts, together with One Shilling as a Reward for his Trouble in receiving and paying over fuch Debts and Cofts to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and entering Acknowledgement of Satisfaction in the Book or Kegifter of the laid relpective Courts for fuch Debts and Cofts, then and in every fuch Cale the Execution fhall be fuperceded, and by Order under the Hand of fuch Clerk or Clerks refpectively directed to the Keeper of the Prifon where fuch Per-fons fhall be confined by virtue of fuch Execution, the Body or Bodies and Goods of fuch Party or Parties lhall be difcharged and fet at Liberty.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted. That no Perfon or Perfons Tims of Im-

whomfoever, fhall be committed to the faid Gaol or Prifon by Order prUonment of of the faid refpective Courts, for any Debt or Debts, or kept or con-	'

tinued in Cuftody on any Pretence whatl'oever (except in the Cafes

herein provided) for any longer Space or Spaces of Time from the Time of his, her, or their Commitment to Prifon, than is or are herein limited; (that is to fay) where the Debt or Damages (exclufive of Cofts) does or do not exceed the Sum of Twenty Shillings, then he, fee, or they fhall not be kept or continued in Cuftody for more than Twenty Days; and where the Debt or Damages .(exclufive of Cofts) is or are above Twenty Shillings, and does or do not exceed Forty Shillings, then not more than Forty Days; and where the Debt or Damages (exclufive of Cofts) is or are above Forty Shillings, and does or do not exceed Three Pounds, then not more than Sixty Days ; and where the Debt or Damages (exclufive of Cofts) is or are above Three Pounds, and does or do not exceed Four Pounds, then not more than Eighty Days; and where the Debt or Damages (exclufive of Cofts) is or are above Four Pounds, and does or do not exseed Five Pounds, then not more than One Hundred Days from the Time of his, her, or their Commitment; and the Keeper or Keepers of the laid Gaol or Prifon, is and are hereby directed and required.to diicharge fuch Perrons accordingly.

XXXII.	And, in order the more effectually to prevent Perfons fum- IfanyDebur moned for Debt or Damages to the faid Courts refpectively, from frau- lhall conceal dulently concealing their Money, Goods, or Effects; Be it further enacted. That in cafe upon the Summons of any Perfon for any Debt Ti^e'of hi* or Debts or Damages, before the faid refpective Courts, Information Imprifon-of any fuch fraudulent Concealment feall be given, fuch refpective ment hs Courts lhall have Power to hear Evidence as to the Fact; and in cafe '"’“''S"1,

it lhall be proved to their Satisfaction, upon the Oath or Affirmation of one or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes (which Oath or Affirmation the faid refpective Courts are hereby empowered to adminifter) then and in every fuch Cafe it feall and may be lawful to and for the faid refpective Courts to enlarge the aforefaid Time of Imprifonment [Lee. is Per.]	24 M	of

2l6*

The Time of Imprifon ment Ihall b feparately and fuccef-lively for each Execu lion.

Record of Judgment may be removed into the fuperior Courts, and Writ of Execution iflued there-

48°GJEORGII III. Cap. no.

of tiioh Debtor to any Period in Addition thereto, not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

XXXIII.	And be it further enacted, That all and every Perfon and Perfons who Ihall be taken in Execution under or by virtue of any Procefs Bluing from or out of the laid refpective Courts of Requeft, and who at the Time of his, her, or their being taken into Cuftody, or during his, her, or their Imprifonrrlent, Ihall have more than one Execution againlt him, her, or them, in the'faid refpective Courts, Ihall be imprifoned during the Time limited for and in refpect of each and every Execution; (that is to fay) after the limited Time is expired on the Firft Execution, the Imprifonment oh the Second Execution Ihall commence, and after the limited Time is expired on the Second Execution, the Imprifonment on the Third Execution Ihall commence, and fo on until he, Ihe, or they Ihall have been imprifoned the Time by this Act limited for and in refpect of each and every feparate Execution to be ifiued again!! him, her, or them in the laid refpective Courts, previous to his, her, or their being taken into Cuftody, or during his, her, or their Imprifonment; any Law, Statute, or Ufage to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

XXXIV.	And as it may happen that Perfons ferved with Procefs Bluing out of the faid refpective Courts of Requeft may, in order to avoid Execution, remove their Perfons and Effects beyond the Limits of the Jurifdiction of the faid refpective Courts; Be it therefore enacted, That in all Cafes where a final Decree or Judgment for any Sum or Sums exceeding Ten Shillings Ihall have been obtained in the faid refpective Courts, and an Affidavit Ihall have been made and filed in one of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at WeJhninjUr, of fuch Decree or Judgment being obtained, and of diligent Search and Enquiry having been made after the Perfon or Perfons of the Defendant or Defendants, or his, her, or their Goods or Chatcels, and of the Precept of Execution having ilfued againft the Perfon or Perfons dr Effects (as the Cafe may be) of the Defendant or Defendants, and that the Perfon or Perfons, Goods or Chattels of fuch Defendant or Defendants, is or are not to be found within the Jurildiction of the laid refpective Courts of Requeft (which Affidavit may be made before a Judge or Commiffioner authorized to take Affidavits), it Ihall and may be lawful to and for fuch fuperior Court to caufe the Record of the faid Decree or Judgment to be removed into fuch fuperior Court, and to iffue Writs of Execution thereupon to the Sheriff of any County, City, Liberty, or Place, againft the Perfon or Perfons or Effects of the Defendant or Defendants, in the fame Manner as upon Judgments obtained in the faid Courts at Wcflminficr; and the Sheriff upon every fuch Execution fhall and he is hereby authorized to detain the Defendant or Defendants until the Sum of Twenty Shillings be paid to him, or to levy the fame out of the Effects, according to the Nature of the Execution, for the extraordinary Cofts of the Plaintiff or Plantiffs in the faid refpective Courts of Requeft, iubfequent to the faid Decree or Judgment, and of the Execution in the fuperior Court, over and above the Money for which fuch Execution Ihall be iffued.

XXXV.	And

48° GEORGII III. Cap. ito.

XXXV.	And be it further enafled, That in cafe it (hall, at any Time during the hearing of any Caul’e in the faid refpective Courts, appear by the Oath of any Perfon or Perfons to the Satisfaction of the major Part of the faid Commiflioners prefent at the Court at which fuch Caufe (hall be heard, that the Debtor or Debtors is or are unable from Sicknefs or unavoidable Accident to pay and difcharge the Debt or Debts for which he, (he, or they (hall have been fo fummoned, then it (hall and may be lawful to and for the (aid relpective Commiflioners to fufpend or fuperfede the Proceedings in fuch Caufe, until it (hall, upon like Proof as aforelaid, appear to the Court that fuch Debtor or Debtors (hall be able to pay l'uch Debt or Debts, and then to proceed again in Manner aforefaid; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithflanding.

XXXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That this Act or any Thing herein contained (hall not extend to any Sum or Sums of Money, Debts or Demands whatfoever, for or on Account of any Ale, Beer, or Spirituous Liquors, unlefs fuch Debt for Ale, Beer, or Spirituous Liquors (hall have really and bom fide been contracted at one Time to the Amount of Twenty Shillings or upwards, or to any Debt where the Right or Title to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Real Eftate whatfoever, or to any Debt where the Title of the Freehold or Leafe for Years of any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Chattels real whatfoever, (hall be brought or come into queftion, or to any Debt for any Sum being the Balance of an Account or Demand originally exceeding Five Pounds, or to any Debt that (hall arife by reafon of the Occupation .of Lands, Tenements, ot Hereditaments fituate elfewhere than within the Limits and Jurifdictions of the faid refpeftive Courts, or by reafon of any Caufe concerning Teftamenc or Matrimony, or any Thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclefiaftical Court, or for or concerning any Agreement by way of Compofttion for or by way o( Retainer of Tythes, or to any Debt or Sum of Money or Thing won at or by Means of any Horfe Race, Cock Match, Wager, or any kind of Gaming or Play, or for any Forfeiture upon any Penal Statute or Bye-Law whatfoever, or to any Contract or Complaint, Difference or Dil'pute that may arife between Mailer and Servant, or Mailer and Apprentice i Provided alio, that nothing herein contained (hall extend or be conllrued to extend to prevent or reftrain any Perfon from dillraining for any Rent or Arrears of Rent, although the fame (hall not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted. That if any Serjeant, or the Deputy of any Serjeant, or any other Officer or Officers of the faid refpedtive Courts of Requeft, or his Deputy, who dial! be employed to lerve or levy any Execution, fhall, by wilful Connivance or Neg-1e£l, caufe or fuffer the Party again!! whom fuch Execution (hall have been awarded to efcape or abfeond, or the Goods of fuch Party or Parties to be carried away or fecreted, lo as fuch Execution (hall not have its full Force and Effect, it (hail and may be lawful to and for the faid refpective Commiflioners, upon Complaint and due Proof made thereof upon the Oath or Oaths, Affirmation or Affirmations, of one cr more credible Witnefs or Witnefles, to order fuch Serjranr, or Deputy

2163

Commiflion-ers to fufpend Proceedings where Debtors are III or unable to pay the Debt.

The A&. not to extend to certain Debts,

Serjeants fuffering an Efcape, or Goods to be removed, to pay Debt and Cofts.

2164	4^*	GEORGII	III.	Cap. no.

puty Officer or Officers, to pay the Sum or Sums of Money for which the faid Execution was awarded to the Party complaining, and to enforce the Payment thereof, by fuch Ways, Means, and Methods as are hereinbefore provided for the Payment of Debts; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid respective Commiffioners, and they are hereby authorized to impofe a Fine, not exceeding Ten Pounds, for every l’uch Offence, on fuch Serjeant, or Deputy Officer or Officers.

No Attorney XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Attorney at Law, or Solicitor Solicitor, or other Officer of any Court whatfoever, fliall be allowed have'priW- t0 P'ea<d or maintain any Privilege againft the Procefs, Authority, legeinthe" Jurifdiction, or Judgment of the faid rel'pe&ive Courts of Requeft; Coum. and no fuch Attorney, Solicitor, or any Scrivener or other Perfon TJoAttorney practifing the Law, fhall be permitted to appear in the faid refpective Solicitor, Courts of Requeft as an Attorney, Solicitor, or Advocate for or on Scrivener,or Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, or any other Perfon, or to fpeak fhe Law °o before the faid refpective Courts in any Caufe, Action, or Matter in be'an^ivo- which fuch Attorney, Solicitor, Scrivener, or other Perfon practifing cats.	the Law, is not himlelf a Party or Witnefs; and in cafe any Attorney,

Solicitor, Scrivener, or other Perfon praccifing the Law, fhall appear in the faid refpective Courts as an Attorney, Solicitor, or Advocate for or on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, or fpeak before the faid refpective Courts in any Caufe, Action or Matter in which fuch Attorney, Solicitor, Scrivener, or other Perfon practifing the Law, is not himfelf a Party or Witnefs, then and in every fuch Cafe fuch Attorney, Solicitor Scrivener, or other Perfon practifing the Law, to offending, fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, on being convicted thereof before anv one or more of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the County of Stafford, on his own Confeffion, or upon the Oath or Affirmation of one or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, which Oath and Affirmation fuch Juftice or Juftices is and arc hereby authorized and required to adminifter.

For prevent- XXXIX. And be it further enafled. That if any Perfon or Per-,ng Infults Tons Ihdl contemptuoufly or wilfully affront, infult, or abufe all or any bring offered 0f tf,e Commiffioners or Officers of the faid refpective Courts of Re-ro the Court. e[j for ;|ie Time being, during his or their Sitting or Attendance in Court, or (hall interrupt or obftruct the Proceedings of the faid refpec-live Courts, or at any Time affront, inlult, or abufe, hinder, or obftruct, or attempt or threaten to hinder or obftruct any Officer of the faid refpective Courts in the Execution of his Office, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners then fitting, to order and direct the refpective Serjeants of the faid Court, with or without the Aid or Alfiftance of any other Perfon or Perfons, to take fuch Offender or Offenders into Cuftody, and if not then fitting, then for the faid Commiffioners at the next Court, to caufe a Warrant to be iffued by the Clerk of the faid Court, directing the refpective Serjeants to apprehend and take or caufe to be apprehended and taken the faid Offender or Offenders, and the faid Commiffioners fhall then or at any future Court examine into fuch Affront, Abufe, Infult, or Milbehaviour, either from their own View or Knowledge

48° GEORGII III. Cap. xio.	2x65

ledge of the Offence, or by the Oath or Oaths, Affirmation or Affirmations, of one or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes; and upon fuch Affront, Abufe, Infult, or Mifbehaviour, being duly afeertained or proved as aforet'aid, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the laid Com-mifiioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to impofe a Fine, not exceeding Five Pounds, for each and every fuch Offence, on each and every fuch Offender or Offenders.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks of the faid ^opyofth* refpective Courts of Requeft for the Time being (hall fix up or caufe ciaufeufbe to be fixed up from Time to Time and at all Times, in fome public fixed up in or confpicuous Part of the refpective Court Houfes or other Places t,ie refpeaive where the faid refpective Comrtiiffioners (hall meet, a true Copy of the C°urlfloufci. laft preceding Clause of this A£t, to the end that no Perfon or Perfons (hall or may plead ignorance thereof.

XLI. And be it further enacted. That every Gaoler or Keeper of the Gaoler* to Common Gaol or Prifon in the Town of Wolverhampton aforefaid, fhall receive Per-and may, and he and they is and are hereby required to take into his	com*

or their Cuftody refpectively all and every Perfon and Perfons who mUSC fhall be committed or ordered to ftand committed under or by virtue of any Wai rant. Attachment, or other Precept iffued out of the faid refpective Courts or otherwise, under or by virtue of this Act; and in calc any fuch Gaoler or Keeper fhall refufe or neglect to take and receive into his or their Cuftody any Perfon or Perlons committed as aforefaid by virtue of this Aft, or fhall, before the Expiration of the Time for which any Perfon or Perfons fhall be committed, difeharge fuch Perfon or Perfons out of his or their Cuftody, or wilfully fuffer fuch Perfon or Perfons to go at large, without a Warrant or Order for that Purpofe in Writing, figned in Court by Three or more of the faid refpective Commiftioners, except in the Cafe of Payment or Tender of Payment of Debt and Cofts as hereinbefore is mentioned and provided for, fuch Keeper and Keepers refpectively fo offending in either of the faid Cafes, and being thereof convi£ted before anyone or more of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the faid County, upon the Oath or Affirmation of one or more credible Witnefs or Wit-neffes (which Oath or Affirmation fuch Juftice or Juftices is and are hereby authorized and required to adminifter) or upon his or their own Confefiion, fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, at the Difcretion of fuch Juftice or Juftices.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That each and every Perfon impri- Debtors t>ot foned by virtue of this A&, (hall at the Expiration of his or her Time liable to pay ot Imprifonment be difeharged and fee at Libercy. without paying Fee*, any Sum of Money, Fee, or other Reward or Gratuity to the Keeper or Keepers, Turnkey or Turnkeys, of the faid Gaol or Prifon or other Perfon or Perfons, by way of Gaol Fees or Difeharge Fees, or on any Pretence whatfoever j and if any Keeper or Keepers, Turnkey or Turnkeys, of the laid Gaol or Prifon, or any other Perfon whom-foever, fliall demand, take, or receive any Fee or Sum of Money whatfoever, upon the Difeharge of any fuch Perfon or Perfons fo committed to his or their Charge or Cuftody as aforefaid, or fhall keep or

{Loc. fc? Per.]	24	N	detain

Si66	48°	GEORGII	III.	Cap.	no.

detain any fuch Perfon or Perfons a Prifoner or Prifoners after thtf-Time by this Act limited for his, her, or their Impfifonment, every fuch Keeper, Turnkey, and other Perfon, {hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Tufticesmay P°un<Js J and ,c fhaN and may be lawful to and for any Two Juftices determine Y of the Peace for the faid County to hear and determine every fuch fuch Offence. Offence, and fuch Two Juftices are hereby authorized and required upon any fuch Information exhibited, or Complaint made to them of fuch Offence having been committed, within Three Calendar Months after the Commiffion thereof, to fummon the Party accufed, and alfd the Witneffes on each Side, and to examine into the matter of Fact, and upon due Proof thereof by the Oath or Affirmation of one or more credible Witneff or Witneffes, or by the voluntary Confeffion of the Party accufed, to give Judgment or Sentence for fuch Penairy or Forfeiture as aforefaid.

Fees to be XLIII. And be it further enadted, That the feveral Fees and Sums taken.	0f Money hereinafter limited and expreffed, fhall be and are hereby

authorized and allowed to be demanded and taken upon and for the feveral Proceffes, Adis, Matters and Things hereinafter mentioned, over and above any Sum or Sums of Money which any fuch Proceffes may be fubject or liable to in refpect of Stamp Duties (if liable thereto) j that is to fay :

CLERK’s FEES:

For entering every Caufe -------	-

For every Summons to Defendant -	-	-	-	*

For every Summons or Subpoena to Witneffes For calling the Plaintiff and Defendant before the 7 Court, each -	--	--	--	--	5

For every Hearing or Trial -------

For fwearing every Witnefs, or Plaintiff, or De-1

fendant -	-	-	- - -	 J

For entering and drawing up every Judgment, 7 Decree, or Order on hearing -	-	-	-

For every Copy of every fuch Judgment, Decree, 7 or Order - -- -- -- -- - } For every Nonfuit ---------

For every Search -	--	--	--	--	-

For paying Money into Court, and entering the f fame in his Books -------- )

If by Inftalments 6d. in the Pound more.

For receiving Money out of Court in full -	-	-

For receiving Money out of Court by Inftalments For entering Acknowledgementof Satisfaction in } K.s Rooks - - - -- -- - - --j For ifluing every Attachment, Precept, Order, 1 or Execution ---------- J

For every Warrant of Commitment for an Infult ) or Mifbehaviour in the Court, or to the Com- r miffioners, Clerks, or Officers of the Courts ^

On Debis not exceeding Forty Shillings		un De	
S.	d.	Sm	d.
O	8	I	O
O	8	I	4
O	8	I	4
e	4	O	8
I	0	2	O
0	4	O	8
I	0	2	O
0	9	I	6
0	9	I	6
0	4	O	5
0	6	I	O
0	8	I	0
I	O	I	6
0	8	I	O
1	O	I	6
I	O	2	0

SER-

4«* GEORGII III. Cap. no.

2167

On Debts no exceeding Fo, ty Shillings.

0 3

2 o

o 9

SERJEANT’s FEES :

For the Service of every Summons, Order, or )

Subpoena -

For calling the Plaintiff or Defendant before? the Courc ---------- -J

For executing every Attachment, Execution, j Precept, or Warrant againft the Body or Goods j If an Afiiftant Serjeant be neceffary in the Judg-? ment of the Commiffioners then for the Affilt- j-ant - -- -- - - -- -- - -J For carrying every Defendant, Plaintiff, or De~? linquent to Prifon -

If out of the Town of Wolverhampton, for^ every mile from the Town, extra for each ( mile - -- -- -- -- -j

A Table of which Fees (hall from Time to Time be fixed up in fome con-Ipicuous Part or Parts of the refpedtive Court Houfes or Places where the faid refpective Commilfioners fhall meet for the Purpofes aforefaid, to the end that all Perfons concerned may perufe and infpect the fame.

XL1V. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That the faid por varying refpective Commilfioners or any Nine or more of them, fhall and may Fees, from Time to Time, if they fhall think fic, being affembled for that Purpofe, purfuant to Notice for that Purpofe given, as herein directed for the Election of new Commilfioners, leffen or reduce all or any of the Fees limited and allowed to be demanded as aforefaid, fo that the fame (hall not be reduced to lefs than One-half of the feveral and refpective Sums hereinbefore particularly mentioned, and may afterwards from Time to Time, if they the faid refpective Commilfioners or any Nine or more of them, upon the like Notice being given, advance all or any of the faid Fees fo leffened or reduced, to any Sum not exceeding the feveral and refpective Sums hereinbefore mentioned and exprefled.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk or Serjeant of penalty o» the faid refpective Courts of Requeft for the Time being, or any De- taking puty or Perfon by either of them employed, or any other Perfon, (hall greater Fees, demand and take any greater or other Fee or Reward than what is hereinbefore mentioned and fpecified, under Colour or Pretence of any Service or other Matter in the Execution of this Act, he (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay fuch Fine, not exceeding Five Pounds, as the faid refpective Commilfioners (hall afiefs and impofe, to be applied in Aid of carrying this Act into Execution.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it (hall and may be lawful Commiffioit-to and for the faid refpective Commilfioners from Time co Time to ers t0 make fuch Orders as they (hall think fit for regulating the Manner of “ad Qrd°e** receivin'* and collecting fuch Fees, and to authorize and appoint fuch a, may be Perfon or Perfons as they (hall think fit to receive the fame j and that every neceffary for fuch Perfon and Perfons (hall keep an Account of the Receipt of fuch receiving,

pceg appropntt-

2X68	48°GEORGII	III.	Cap. no,

5ng and d>- Fees, and render and deliver an Account thereof when and as often as

fees?* UC or	be	required	fo to do by the laid rcfpective Commiffi-

oners; and ic (hall and may be lawful to and for thet faid refpective Commiffioners to appropriate and direct the Payment of any Parc or Proportion, not exceeding One third Parc of fuch Fees fo to be collected, and received as aforefaid, to or for any other Officer or Officers to be appointed by the faid refpective Commiffioners in purfuance of this Act, and for the better Execution of the fame (other chan luch Clerk or Clerks, Serjeant or Serjeants fo to be appointed as aforefaid) and for Payment of the other Expences of carrying this Act into Execution ; and the faid refpective Commiffioners (hall and may, if any Difpute or Queftion (hall arife, or they lhall otherwife think (it, direct the Divifion, Appropriation, and Payment -of the Remainder of fuch Fees, and in what Manner, Shares, and Proportions, to and amongft fuch Clerk and Clerks, Serjeant and Serjeants, and their refpective Deputies and Affiftants, as fhall be appointed in purfuance and for the better Execution of this Act.

Recovery XLVIl. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures ard Appro- by this Act impofed, and which (hall not be paid forthwith (the Man-priation of ner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwife par-Ptiuliies. ticularly directed) fhall be levied and recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of the refpective Commiffioners, or of the Juftice or Juftices by whom fuch Penalties or Forfeitures lhall be impofed, in purfuance of any Provifion in this Act contained (which Warrant fuch refpective Commiffioners and Juftice and' Juftices are hereby refpectively empowered to grant upon the Confeffion of the Partv, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witnefs upon Oath or Affirmation); and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arifing by fuch Diftrefs and Sale, (hall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of fuch Goods and Chattels, after deducting fuch Fines and Penalties, and the reafonable Cofts and Chaiges of making, keeping, and felling fuch Diftrefs; and fuch Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered (if not hereinbefore directed to be other-wife applied) lhall be paid to the refpective Clerks of the laid refpective Commiffioners, and lhall by the faid refpective Commiffioners be diftributed in luch Manner as they (hall think right and proper, amongft tiie Poor within the Limits of the Jurifdiction of the laid refpective Courts; and in cafe fufficient Diftrefs lhall not be found, ic fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid refpective Commiftioners or fuch Juftice or Juftices, and they are hereby refpectively authorized and required, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the faid refpective Commiffioners or fuch Juftice or Juftices (as the Cafe may be) to commit the Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or Prifon in the faid Town of Wolverhampton there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Penalties or Forfeitures, and all reafonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, lhall be fooner paid and fatisfied.

Form of XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Conviaior; Conviction lhall be had for any Offence or Offences committed againft this Act, the Form of the Conviction lhall be in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to fay),

11

BE

48°GEORGII III. Cap. no.



4 THS it remembered, That on this

*	in	rKp

Diflreft not

ful for want of form.

Day of

in the	Year	of the Reign of

*	A.	B.	is	convicted	before

*	of	His	Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the County

4 of Stafford, (or, before Three of the Commifiioners for the Reco*

*	very of Small Debts within the Townfhips of Wolverhampton and f Wednesfeld, and the feveral Pari fries of Brewood, Packingham, Buff-4 bury, and Penn, in the County of Stafford, or, before Three of the 4 Commiflioners for the Recovery of Small Debts within the 1 own-4 fhips of Bilfton and Willcnhall and the Parifhes of Wednefbury and

*	Darlajlon, in the County of Stafford) [as the Cafe may be] of having

*	[as the Offence Jhall be] and I [or, We] the laid

c do adjudge him, [her, or, them] to forfeit and pay for the fame the 4 Sum of	fuch	Offence b^ing contrary

4 to the Provifions of an Act, made in the Forty-eighth Year of the 4 Reign of King George the Third, intituled [here infert the Title of 4 this Aft,] Given under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and 4 Seals] the Day and Year aforefaid.’

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That where any Diftrefs fhall be made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Diftrefs itfelf (hall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the fame be deemed aTrefpafler or Trefpafiers, on account of any Defect or want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Diftrefs, or other Proceeding relating thereto, nor (hall the Party or Parties diftraining be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpafiers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which ftiall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties fo diftraining 3 but the Perfon or Perfons aggrieved by fuch Irregularity (hall and may recover full Satisfaction for the fpecial Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

L. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Aficfi*- Proceedings ment or Judgment, or other Proceedings made touching or concern- not to be ing any of the Matters aforefaid, or touching or concerning the Con- Bua,'ned Lr viction of any Offender or Offenders againft this Act, fhall be quafhed watuo* orm' or vacated for want of Form only.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That nothing in this Act contained fhall extend to extinguilh, reftrain, alter, annul, take away or otherwife prejudice the Jurildiction of any ancient Court Baron holden by any Lord or Lords of any Manor or Manors in the faid County of Stafford, or to annul or prejudice the Jurildiction of the County Court or Hundred Courts holden by the Sheriff of the faid County of Stafford, or his Stewards refpectively, or any of the Rights,

Privileges and Franchifes to the fame Courts or any of them belonging, but that Fleas fhall and may be held in the faid Courts of all Debts, Matters, and Things, within fuch Manors or within the Jurisdiction of the faid County or Hundred Courts refpectively 3 and all Perfons may fue and be fued in the fame Courts, in like Manner as if this Act had never been made ; any Thing herein contained to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

Jurifdidliort of Courts Baron, ancr County and Hundred Courts.

[Lee. y Per.-]

34 0

LII. And

2170

Afllo’.is not to be brought without Notice, nor after Tender of Amends.

General

lffue.

Treble Colts.

Public Aft.

4S°GE0RGII III. Cap. 11 o.

LI I. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit (hall be brought or commenced again ft any Perfon or Perfons for any Matter or Thing done or to be done in purfuance of this Act, until Notice thereof (ball have been given to or left at the ufual Place of Abode of the Perfon againft whom fuch Action or Suit fhall be intended to be brought (fpecifying in fuch Notice the particular Caufe of Action) at leaft One Calendar Month before the fuing out and ferving the fame, nor after fufficient Tender of Amends fhall have been made to the Party aggrieved, nor unlefs fuch Action or Suit fhall be brought or commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Caufe of Action fhall arife, and not afterwards, and fhall be laid in the County where fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall refide as aforefaid, and not elfe-where; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Action or Suit fhall and may plead the General lffue, and give this Act and the fpecial Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the fame fhall appear to have been fo done, or if any fuch Action or Suit fhall be brought before the Expiration of One Calendar Month after fuch Notice fhall have been given, or after Tender of fufficient Amends fhall have been made to the Party aggrieved, or after the Time before limited for bringing the fame, or fhall be laid in any other County or Place, then and in either of the faid Cafes the Jury fhall find for the Defendant or Defendants j and upon fuch Verdicr, or if the Plantiffor Plaintiffs fhall become nonfuited or difeontinue fuch Action or Suit, or if upon a Verdict or Demurrer Judgment fhall be given againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants fhall and may recover Treble Cofts, and fhall have fuch other Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants can or may have in any Other Cafe by Law.

L1II. And be it further enacted. That this Act fhall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahah, Printers to the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

a***************************************,************

Cap. 111.

An Aft for altering and amending an Aft of His pre-fent Majefty for building a Bridge over the River Thames at Henley-upon-Thames, in the County of Oxford.	[18th	fune	1808.]

WHEREA5 an AS was paffed in the Twenty-firft Year of the A a 21 Geo. Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Aft for building IU« ch. 33, a Bridge over the River Thames at the Town of Henley-upon-Thames, in the County of Oxford, and making commodious Avenues thereto, for widening feme Part of the High-Street, and the Market Placet for lighting and watching, for regulating the Footways in, and for removing Nutfances, Obftrublions, and Annoyances from the faid Town:. And whereas by virtue of the faid recited A& a fqbftantial Stone Bridge over the River Thames - was built ax Henley-upon-Thames, and called Henley Bridge, and compleated feveral Years ago, and certain Avenues made thereto, and the faid Bridge hath always fince the building thereof been kept, and now is in good Repair: And whereas the building of the faid Bridge hath been attended with great Conveniences Hot only to the faid Town and Neighbourhood, but alfo to ail Perfons travelling the great Turnpike Road which leads to and from London through the faid Town, and which is and for feveral Years paft hath been a grear Thoroughfare to the North-weft Parts of England and South Wales: And whereas the Commiffioners appointed in or authorized by Money b- -the recited Act have borrowed feveral confiderable Sums of Money for rmYed‘ the Purpofes therein mentioned: And whereas Parcs of certain public .Road9 ,ead-Streecs in the faid Town of Henley, called Bell Street, Hart Street, and t0 thc ILoc.V Per.-]	240	Duke ing	KPa"

2170

Streets to be pitched or otherways •menaed.

fowtt to

pitch, or amend Streets, and to erett •Lamps, &c.

Power to borrow a Som not exceeding £-1.500 on Credit of it Tolls.

48° GEORGII Ilf. Cap. in.

Duke Street, being the principal Roads leading to the faid Bridge, are extremely narrow and out of Repair, and at Times fo much fo as to render it difficult for Carriages to pafs with Safety, and particularly in dark Nights, as thofe Streets are not lighted, and the Materials to be procured in the Neighbourhood are not fufficient in Subftance to refill the Preffure of the great Number of Carriages that travel the faid Road, fome of which are very heavily laden: And whereas it would tend not only to the Accommodation and Convenience of Travellers if the faid Screets were pitched or otherwife fubftantially amended, improved, and lighted, and fome of the Corners of the faid Streets rounded, but would be the Means of increafing the faid Tolls by encouraging Travellers to pafs through Henley on their Way to and from London: And whereas the Cotnmiffioners of the faid Bridge have paid off a confiderable Part of the Money borrowed for building the fame, and the Surplus of the Money arifing from the Toils after Payment of Intereft Money for the borrowed Sums remaining due and keeping the faid Bridge in Repair, and other •incidental Expences, amounts to the Sum of Four hundred Pounds or thereabouts, and which Surplus by being laid out annually as faved it is prefumed would be fufficient to complete the Improvements of the faid Streets, without borrowing any further Sum on the Credit of the faid Tolls: But as the Commiffioners conceive that fuch Improvement, Matters, and Things cannot be done and effefted without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore pleafe your Majefty, That it may be enafted j and be it enacted by the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confenc of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Commiffioners named and authorized in, and appointed or to be appointed under or by virtue of the faid recited Aft, to apply all or any Part of the faid Surplus of the faid Tolls, or of the Balance now remaining in the Hand, of their Treafurer, and by borrowing any Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of One thoufand Five hundred Pounds on the Credit of the Tolls as after mentioned, in or towards pitching or otherwife fubftantially amending and improving the Carriage Roads and Ways in the faid Streets called Bell Street, Hart Street, and Duke Street, in Henley-upon-Thomes aforefaid, leading to the faid Bridge, called Henley Bridge, with fuch Materials and in fuch Manner as the faid Commiffioners Ihall think proper, and in rounding and widening the Corner of the faid Street called Bell Street, at the South Eaft Corner thereof next to Hart Street, and the Corner of the faid Street called Duke Street at the North Eaft Corner thereof next to Hart Street aforefaid, and in or towards providing and fixing up fuch Number of LampPofts with Lamp Irons, Lamps, and other Materials in fuch Places in or near the faid Streets refpeftively, or upon or near the faid Bridge, and for lighting fuch Lamps in fuch Manner as the faid Commiffioners (hall direft, for the Purpofe of rendering the faid Streets leading to the faid Bridge more fafe, commodious, and convenient for Travellers.

II.	And be it further enacted. That for the better and more effeftually and fpeedily enabling the faid Commiffioners to make or caufe to be made the feveral Improvements, and to carry into effeft the feveral Matters and Things hereinbefore authorized tt> be done and performed »♦ it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby autho-

*i7»

48s GEORGII III. Cap. tn.

fized and empowered if they (hall fo think fit or find it convenient, at their firft or any fubfequent Meeting after the palling of this Aft, to borrow and take up at Intereft on the Credit of the Tolls, granted and authorized to be taken by virtue of the laid recited Aft, or this Ad, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of One thoufand Five hundred Pounds; and they may and are hereby empowered from Time to Time, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, to mortgage or aflign all or ar.y of the Tolls granted or authorized to be taken by the Paid recited Aft, or by this Aft, for any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the laid Sum of One thoufand Five hundred Pounds, to any Fer-fon or Perfons, for any Time or Term the faid Commiflioners may think fit, as a Security or Securities for, and redeemable on Payment of the feveral Sums of Money that (hall be fo borrowed, and the Intereft thereof, and that the Securities to be made to the feveral Perfon or Perfons advancing or lending any fuch Sum or Sums of Money under the Authority of this Act, may be in the Words or to the Effeft of the Form pre-fcribed by the faid recited Aft1 and that all and every the Rules, Orders, Directions, and Authorities in the faid recited Aft contained, with refpect to the Powers and Authorities to the Commiflioners to borrow Money and give Securities for the fame, and as the Perfon or Perfons lending or advancing any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purpofes of the faid Aft (hall be conltrued, deemed, and taken to be applicable to and for the Purpofes of this Aft, and for carrying the fame into Execu-jion as fully and effeftually as if the fame were hereby re-enafted.

III.	And be it further enafted, That if in rounding or widening the before mentioned Corners of the faid Streets called Bell Street and Duke Street, or in any other of the Improvements hereby authorized to be made, the faid Commiflioners (hall fo deem it expedient, it (hall and may be lawful for them, and they (hail have full Power and Authority to treat, contraft, and agree with the feveral Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers of, and Perfons interelled in any Mefluages or Buildings, or any Part or Parts of the fame refpeftively, or of or in any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, for the Purchafe of any fuch Mefluages or Buildings, or any Part or Parts of the fame refpeftively, or of any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or for the Lof* or Damage fuch Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, and Perfons interefted, or any of them, (hall or may in any-wiie fuftain by reafon of rounding and widening the faid Corners of the faid Streets, or making any fuch Improvements as aforefaid, and out of the Monies hereinbefore mentioned to pay for fuch Mefluages or Buildings, or Part or Parts of the fame refpeftively, or of any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, and for fuch Lofs or Damage fo to be fuftained fuch Sum or Sums of Money as (hall be agreed upon by and between the faid Commiflioners and fuch Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, and Perfons interefted as aforefaid, and alfo the Cods and Charges attending fuch Agreements and Purchafes.

IV.	And whereas it may happen that (ome Perfons or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Truft, or others, are or may be feifed or poffclfed of MclTuages, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments which may by the faid Commiflioners be thought neceffary or proper to be taken and added to the faid Roads, and fuch Perfons or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate,

1	Corporations

Authority to treat for Fw« chafe of Pie* miles.

Incapacitated Perfons au. thorized to fell, &c.

2172

48° GEORGII III. Cap. xii.

Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or Feoffees, may be willing to treat or agree for the Sale of fuch Meffuages, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, or H reditaments, but may be ineapable of granting or conveying the fame by rejfon of Infancy or other Difability ; be it further enafted. That it ihall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and ali Feoffees in Trull, Executors, Adminiftrators, Guardians, or other Truftees whatfoever, for or on Behalf of any Infants, Femes Coverts, or Ceftuique Trulls, and for all and every Pcrfon or Perfons whomfoever who are or ihall be feized, poffeffed of, or intefefted in any fuch Meffuages, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, to treat, contrail, and agree with the faid Commiffioners for the Purchafe of fuch Meffuages, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or for their Incerefl therein for the Pur-pofes aforefaid, and to fell and convey the fame as Occafion ihall be and require; and all Contrails, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances which fhall he fo made (hall be valid to all Intents whatfoever, any Law, Statute, Uiage, or any other Matter or Thing to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trull, Executors, Adminiftrators, Guardians, and Truftees, and all other Perfons, are and (hall he hereby indemnified for what they Ihall do by virtue of or in purfuance of this Act.

Or ReAifal to V. And be it further enailed, That if any fuch Owner, Proprietor, j 'ry’to be Occupier, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggre-iaipanndltd. gate or Sole, Feoffees, Truftees, or other Perfon or Perfons interelied in any fuch Meffuages, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments* upon Notice to them given or left in Writing at the Dwelling Houfe or Houles, or Place or Places of Abode of fuch Perfon or Perfons, or of the head Officer or Officers of fuch Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or at the Houfe of the Tenant in Pcffeffion of the Meffuages, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, cr Hereditaments fo to be taken and appropriated by the faid Commiffioners, ihall by the Space of Twenty-three Days next after fuch Notice given or left as aforefaid, neglect or refufe to treat or Ihall not agree in the Premifes, or by Reafon of Abfence Ihall be prevented from treating, then and in every or any fuch Cafe the laid Commiffioners (hall caufe it to be enquired into and afceriained by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the County of Oxford, (which Oath any One or. more Of the faid Commiffioners is and are hereby empowered ar.d required to adtr.inifter) what Damage will be fullained by,' and what Eecompence and Satisfaction ought to be made to fuch Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, or other Perfon or Perfons intereflcd for or upon account of the taking fuch Meffuages, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, for the aforefaid Purpofes or any of them, and in order thereto the faid Commiffioners are hereby empowered and required fromTime toTime,as Occafion ft,all be or require, to fummon and call before the faid Jury, and examine upon Oarh all and every Perfon and Perfons whomfoever, who (hall be thought neceffary or proper to be examined as a Witaefs or Witncffes, touching or concerning the Premifes (which Oath any One or more of the laid Commiffioners is and are hereby empowered to ad-minilter), and the faid Commiffioners Ihall order and caufe the faid Jury to view the faid Places in Quellion, if there be Occafion, and ule all

lawful

lawful Ways and Means as well for their own Information, as for the Information of fuch Jury in the Premifes as they the f.iid Commiflioners lhall think fit; and after the faid Jury fhall have enquired of, afcertained, and fettled fuch Damage and Recompence, they the faid Commiflioners fhall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo aflefled by the faid Jury to be paid to the faid Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers of, or other Perfon interefted in the faid Mef-fuages,Buildings, Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, according to fuch Verdidt or Inquifition of the faid Jury, which faid Verdidt or Inquifnton and Judgment, Order or Determination fo had and made (ball be final, binding, and conclufive to ail Intents and Purpofes again!! all Perfon and Pcrfons whomfoevcr, claiming in Poffeflion, Reverfion, Remainder, or otherwile, their Heirs and Succeffors, as well abfenc as pre-fent, Infants, Femes Covert, and Perfons under any other Difability whatfoever. Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as well as all other Perfon or Perfons whomfoeverj and all and every fuch Owners, Proprietors, and Occupiers, and all and every Perfon and Perfons interefled in fuch Meffuages, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, fhall upon Payment or Tender of the Sum or Sums of Money fo aflefled as aforefaid, be thereby, and from thenceforth to all Intents and Purpofes divcfled of all Right, Title, Claim, In-rereft, and Property of, in, to, or out of the fame ; and for the fum-nioning and returning fuch Jury or Juries, the faid Commiflioners are hereby empowered to iffue out their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the County of Oxford, thereby commanding and requiring him to impanncl, fummnn, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Perfons to appear before the faid Commiflioners at fuch.Time and Place as in fuch Warrants fhall be appointed, and the faid Sheriff or his Deputy or Deputies is and are hereby required to impannel, fummon, and return fuch Number accordingly, and out of the Perfons fo impannelied, fummoned, and returned, or out of fuch of them as lhall appear upon fuch Summons, the faid Commiflioners (hall fwear, or caufe to be fworn Twelve, who fhall be the Jury for the Purpofes aforefaid,; and in Default of a fufficient Number of Jurymen attending the faid Sheriff or his Deputy or Deputies, fhall return other honeft and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be fpeedily procured to attend that Service to the Number of Twelve, and all Perfons concerned fhall have their lawful Challenges againfl any of the faid Jurymen when they come to be fworn: and the faid Commiflioners adting in the Premifes fhall have full Power fromTime toTime to impofe any reafonable Fine or Fines on fuch Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs, or Agents making Default in the Premifes; and on any of the Perions who lhall be fummoned and returned on fuch Jury, and who fhall not appear, or appearing lhall refufe to be fworn on the faid Jury, or being fo fworn, refuflng to give or not giving their Verdidt, or in any other Manner wilfully negledting their Duty therein contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Adt, and on any of the Perfons who being required to give Evidence before the faid Jury touching the Premifes fhall refufe or negledt to appear, or appearing fhall refufe to be fworn and give Evidence, and fromTime toTime to levy fuch Fine or Fines in the fame Manner as any other Forfeiture or Penalty is by the faid recited Adi diredted to be levied, fo that no fuch Fine lhall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds upon any one Perfon fo$ one Offence; and all fuch Fines lhall be applied for fuch Ufes and in fuch [Lot, et Per.']	24p	Manner

2174

How Ex-pences of Jury, &c. frail be paid.

Puniihment of Offenders.

48" GEORGII III. Cap. in.

Manner as the Tolls granted by the faid recited A& or this Ail are to be applied.

V!. And be it further enabled, That in cafe any Jurv fhsll give and deliver a Vrrdift or Afiefimenr for more Money as a Rr com pence for the Right, Inrereft, or Properrv of env Perfon or Perfons in any Mef-fuages, Buildings, Lands, or Hrredir.-mems cr for any Lofsor Damage to be bv rhem lufiained than what (hall have been agreed on and offered by the faid Commifiioners, or their Treasurer, Clerk, Surveyor, or ocher known Agent, b-fore the fummoning and returning of a Jurv as afore-faid as a Rccompence and Satisfaction for any fuch Right, Interefi, or Lofs or Damage as aforefaid, and then and in fuch Cafe the Cofts and Expences of fummoning and maintaining the Jury and WitnefTes ihail be borne and paid by the Treafurerto the faid Commiiiioners out of the faid Surplus Tolls j but if fuch Jury fhall give and deliver a Verdict or Aflelf-mentfor no more or leis Money than fhall have been offered and agreed to be paid by the faid Commifiioners before the fummoning and returningkhe faid Jury, as a Rccompence or Satisfaction for any fuch Right, Intercft, or Property, or Lofs or Damage as aforefaid, that then the fuii Cods and Expences of fummoning and maintaining the laid Jury and WitnefTes, and all other Expences attending the Hearing and determining of fuch Difference, fhall be borne and paid by rht Perfon or Perfons with whom the faid Commifiioners dial! have fuch Contraverfy or Difpute; which faid Cofts and Expences having been afeertained and fertled by fomt Juftice of the Peace of the faid Town of Henley-upon-1 hames, not incereftcd in the Matter in queftion (who is hereby authorized and required to examine the fame at a Time and Place to be by him appointed, after fummoning the Parties intererted therein to attend him for that Purpofe), fhall ar.d may be deducted out of the Money fo afieffed and adjudged as fo much Money advanced to and for the Ufe of fuch P.-rfon or Perfons; and the Payment and Tender of the Remainder of fuch Money fnail be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purpofes to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum ot Sums fo afiefled and adjudged ; or otherwife fuch Cofts and Expences, in cafe the fame be not paid upon Demand, after being to afeertained and fettled as aforefaid, may be recovered by the Clerk to the faid Commifiioners, by fuch Ways and Means as arc by the laid recited Aft provided for Recovery of .Penalties and Forfeitures; provided always, that in Cafe any Pcrion or Perfons fhall by Reafon of Abfence be prevented from treating, then the whole of fuch Cofts, Charges, and Expences fhall be paid by the laid Commifiioners out of the Money arifmg or to arife by virtue of this or the laid recited Aft.

VII,	And be it further enafled. That all the Provifions and Enaft-ments in the faid recited Aft contairted for the Punilhment of Perfons who (hall wilfully break, throw down, or otherwile damage any of the Lamps erefted by virtue of the faid Aft, or any of the Pofts, Irons, or other Furniture thereof, or extinguifh any of the faid Lamps, (hall extend and be conftrued, deemed, and taken to extend to the Lamps, Lamp Pofts, Irons, and other Fu.rniture thereof which fhall be provided, fet up, or affixed by the faid Commifiioners by virtue of this Aft.

VIII. And

4-S9 GEORGII III. Cap. rxr.

VIII.	And whereas by a certain Claufe in the faid recited Adi, it is enadled and provided. That noPi-rfon or Pcrfonsfha1] be fubjedt or liable to the Payment of any of the Tolls thereby granted more than once in any one Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock of the fucceeding N'ghr, piaffing with the fame Horfe, Catrle, Bead, or C image, over the faid Bridge: And whereas Doubts have arifen with refpect fo the Conftruition of the faid Claufe, and it is fit and proper that fuch Doubts fhould be removed ; be it therefore further enadled by the Authority aforefaid, That from and after the paffing of this Adi, the faid Uft recited Claufe fnall he refeinded, and that infiead of the Exemptions granted by the faid Claufe, the following Exemptions fhall be enadled in lieu thereof (videlicit) ; That no Perfon or Pcrfons fhall be fubjedt or liable to the Payment of any of the Tolls by the laid recited Adi granted more than once in any one Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the fucceeding Night, paffing with the fame Horfe or ITorfes, Cattle, Beafl or Beads, if not drawing any Carriage, or with the fame Horfe or Hotfes, Cattle, Bead or Beads and Carriage, if drawing any Carriage over the faid Bridge, fuch Perfon or Peifons producing a Ticket denoting the Payment of fuch Toll on that Day as diredted by the faid recited Adi, any Thing contained in the faid Adt to the contrary not-withdanding.

IX.	And be it further enadled, That from and after the paffing of this Adi, no Waggon, Carr, Wain, or other Carriage laden principally with Corn or Grain paffing over the faid Bridge, and coming into the faid Town of Henley on the weekly Market Day there, in order for Sale at the faid Market, fhall (notwithflanding fomc Part of the Lading may confift of Poultry, Butter, Provifions, Fruit, cr other Articles, either for Sale at the5faid Market or not) be confidcred for the Purpoles of the faid recited Adi, and the Tolls thereby granted as laden otherwise than with Corn only, any Thing in the faid Adi contained to the contrary notwith-flanding.

X.	And whereas by the faid recited Act, a certain Toll or Duty of One Penny is made payable for every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, Laden or Unladen, and not drawing any Carriage, paffing through the Toll Gate at the faid Bridge: And whereas Doubts have arifen whether, when any fuch Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, not drawing any Carriage fhall pafs through the faid Gate, and pay the faid Toll of One Penny, and afterwards pals through the faid Gate, in the courfe of the fame Day, attached to or drawing a Carriage, any further Toll is liable to be paid for fuch Horfe: Be it therefore further enadled and declared. That from and after the paffing of this Adi, in cafe the Toll of One Penny by the faid recited Adt granted, fhall be demanded and paid for any Horfe, Marc, Gelding, Mule, or Afs paffing through the faid Toll Gate, credted or to be ertdled at the faid Bridge, and fhall afterwards return in the courfe of the fame Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night, to Twelve of the Clock in the fucceeding Night), attached to or drawing any Carriage of any Sort or Defcripcion whatlo-ever, a further Toll or Sum of Two-pence fhall be paid for and in re-fpedt of every fuch Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs fo again paffing over the faid Bridge, or through fuch Toll Gate, over and above the

Sum

2175

Recital that Tolls are to be paid only

Alterations from the former Aft.

Carriages laden with Corn coming to Henley Market on the Market Day.

Horfe oi*-Catlle not drawing, and, afterwards pafiir.g the Gate drawing a Carriage.

217&

Carriages fafteried behind other

Seven Com-

miffioners prefent at a Meeting to carry this and the former Adi; into Execution.

Pprfons aggrieved may appeal to the Seffions.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. m.

Sum of One Penny, which may have been paid or ought to have been paid, and fo as to make the Toll or Duty for the Day precifely the lame as if fuch Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, had originally pafted through fuch Toll Gate drawings Carriage.

XI.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the palling of this Afi it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, or any Petfon or Pcrfons to be appointed by them for that Purpofe, to alk, demand, receive, recover, and take before any Carriage faftened to or behind any Waggon, Carr, Wain, or other Carriage (hall be permitted to pafs through the prefent Toll Gate at the faid Bridge, or any future Toll Gate or Toil Gates to be erected there, fuch Tolls or Sums of Money as the frid Commifliomrs (hall order and direft, not exceeding the Tolls or Sums following, (that is to fay) for every empty Carriage with Pour Wheels faftened to or behind any Waggon, Wain, Drug, Cart, or other Carriage, the Sum of Two-pence, and if loaded double luch Tolls 5 and for every emptv Carriage with Two Wheels fo faftened, the Sum of One Penny, and if loaded double fuch Tolls; and that all and every the Power and Powers, Authority and Authorities contained in the faid recited Aft for Recovery of the Tolls and Duties thereby impofed, ihall and may be exer-cifed by the faid Commiffioners and others, in fuch and the fame Manner and as fully and effcftually to all Intents, Conductions, and Purpofes whatfoever for recovering, receiving, and obtaining Payment of the Tolls and Duties hereby granted and made payable as if fuch Power and Powers, Authority and Authorities had been repeated and inferted in this Aft.

XII.	And it is hereby further enafted and declared, That from and after the palling of this Aft, that as well all the Powers and Authorities by the faid recited Aft of the Twenty-firlt Year of His prefent Majefty, as all the Powers and Authorities by this Aft granted to or veiled in the faid Commiffioners, fnall and may from Time to Time be exercifed and put in force by the major Part of fuch of the laid Commiffioners as (hall be prefent at any Meeting to be held by virtue of the faid recited Aft, provided there ihall be Seven Commiffioners at the lead then prefent; and that all the Orders and Proceedings of the major Part of fuch of the faid Commiffioners as Ihall he prefent at any fuch Meeting as aforefaid, Ihall have the fame Force and Effeft as if done or made by the whole of the Commiffioners then in being.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, Tfiarif any Perfon Ihall think himfclf or herfclf aggrieved by any Thing done in purluance of this Aft, fuch Perfon may appeal to the General Quarter Seffions of the Peace, to be held for the faid County of Oxford, within Six Calendar Months after the Caufe of filch Complaint Ihall have arifen, fuch Appellant firft giving Twenty-one Days Notice at the lead in Writing, of his or her Intention to make fuch Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treafurer of the faid Commiffioners, and within Four Days after fuch Notice, entering into a Recognizance before fome Juftice of the Peace for the faid Town of Henley-itpon-Thames, with Two lufficient Sureties conditioned to try fuch Appeal, and abide the Order of and pay fuch Cofts as (hall be awarded by the Juftices at fuch Quarter Seffions; and the faid Juftices at fuch Seffions, upon due Proof o, 1... I, , octet; being given as aforefaid, and the entering into fuch Recognizance. Ihall

hear

2177

4#“ GEORGII III. Cap. in.

hear and finally determine the Caufe and Matter of fuch Appeal in & fummary Way, and award fuch Cofts to the Parties appealing, or appealed ugninft, as the (aid Juftices fliall think proper, ahd the Determination of fuch Quarter Seflions (hall be final, binding, and conclufive upon all Parties to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

XIV.	And bfe it further eria£led, That if any Money fliall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Mefiuages, Lands, Tenemrnts, or other Hereditaments purchafed, taken, or ufed by virtue of the Powers of the laid recited Adi and this Adi for the Purpofes thereof, which (hall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Pcrfon or Per-fons under any Difability or Incapacity as in the (did recited Adt particularly mentioned, fuch Money fiiall in cafe the fame (hall amount to br exceed the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, with all convenien: Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Truftees for executing the faid Adi and this ■AdiV to the Intent that fuch Money fhall be applied under the Diredlion and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order macle'upon a Petition, to be preferred in a fummary Way by the Pcrfon or Perfons who would have been encitlcd to the Rents and Profits of the faid Mefiuages,Lands, Tenements, or otherHeredicaments, in the Purchafe of the Land Tax, or towards the Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or 'fuch other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the faid Court fliall authorize to be paid affecting the fame Mefiuages, Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments* or affedling other Mefiuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, ftanding fettled therewith to the fame or the like Ufcs, Trufts, Intents, or Purpofes, or where fuch Money fhall not be fo applied, then the fame fhall be laid out and in veiled under the like Direction and Approbation of the faid Court in the Purchafe of other Meffua-ges, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which fhall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trufts, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Mefiuages, Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments which fhall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as afore-faid, flood fettled, or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement fhall be exifling undetermined and ■capable of taking effe<5l; and in the mean Time, and until fuch Purchafe fhall be made, the faid Money fhall by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invefled by the faid Accountant General in his Name in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Con-folidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, and in the mean Time, and until the faid Bank Annuities fhall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid the Dividends and annual Produce of the faid Confolidaced or Reduced Bank Annuities fliall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the faid Court to the Pcrfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments fo hereby directed to be purchafed in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

Application or Comprn-fation when amounting to £<200 and upwards.

XV,	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if any Money inefs c[,an fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hcredi- £,ioa. and taments purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and be-longing to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under Difabk “• [Lpc. el Per.}	24	lity

2173	48*	GEORGil	III;	Gap.	in.

lity or Incapacity as aforefaid, fhall be lefs than the Sum of Two Hun* dred Pounds, and fhall be equal to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, ihen and in all furh Cafes the fame (hall at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians* Committee or Committes, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpedtive Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore diredled, or otherwife the fame fhall be paid at the like Option to Two Trultees to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by the faid Commifiioners (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that fuch principal Money, and the Dividends arifing thereon may be applied in any Manner hereinbefore di* reeled fo far as the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being re-, quired to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery,

‘	:v	b

If under	XVI.	Provided	alfo,	and be it further enadted, That where fuch

£ 2-*	•	Money	fo	agreed	or	awarded	to	be	paid as next before mentioned, fhall

be Itls than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes of this Adi, as the faid Com-mifiioners or any Seven or more of them fhall think fit j or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpedtively.

fn cafe of XVII. And be it further enabled. That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons rot making to whom any Sum or Sums of Money fhall be awarded for che Purchafe out Tales * cf any Mefibages, or Tenements, Lands, or Hereditaments to be purchafed by virtue of this Adi fhall refufe to accept the fame, or fhall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifcs to the Satisfadlion of the or if Perfon* fajd Truftees or any Seven or more of them t or in cafe fuch Perfon or found Via- Pcrf°ns t0 whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money fhall be fo awarded a$ chafe-Money aforefaid cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch to be paid in- Meffuages, or Tenements, Lands, or Hereditaments be not known or to the Bank, difeovered, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded as aforefaid to be paid into the Bank of Eng-landy in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Par-Subjeft to the ties interefted in the faid Lands or Hereditaments, \dejcr thing tbeni\ fubjedt Order of the t0 the Order, Controul, and Difpofition of the faid Court of Chancery, Cnancery. which ^ Courc die Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Parc thereof by Motion of Petition, fhall be and is hereby empowered in a fummary way of Proceeding or otherwife, as to the fame Court fhall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and invefted in the public Funds, and to order Diftri-bution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof according to ther-e-fpedlive Eftate or Eftate9, Title, or Intereft of the Perfon or Perfons

making

2179

4-8°GEORGII III. Cap. m.

making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the laid Court (hall feem juft and reafonable ; and the Cafhier or Calh-iers of the Bank of England who (hall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what, and for what Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall pay any Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That where any Queftion (hall arife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of this or the faid Aft, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Eftate, Right, or Intereft, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed in purfuance of the faid recited Aft or this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fich Money, or the Dividends or Interefts of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who (hall have been in Poflfeffion of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Poffelfion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, fhall be deemed and taken ro have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch Poffefllon, until the contrary (hall be (hewn to the Satisfaftion of the faid Court of Chancery ; and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be pur-chaled with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, (hall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it fhall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Poflefllon was a wrongful Pofleflion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully-entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein.

WTiere any Queftion fhall arife touching the Title to the Moiey to be paid, the Perfon $ who fhall be in Pofleflion of the Land* fhall be deemed to be entitled thereunto, unlefs, &c.

XIX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadled, That where by reafon The Court of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation, of Chancery entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed may order under the Authority of the faid recited Adi or this Acl, the Purchafe g“f°e“^eof Money for the fame fhall be required to be paid into the Court of Chan-	°a

eery, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or be paid by Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufcs, in purfuance of the faid theTnilea. recited Adi or this Adi, it (ball and may be lawful to and for the faid Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchafes from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of the faid Adi and this Adi, or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Court fhall deem reafonable, to be paid by the faid Commiffioners out of the Monies to be received by vircue of the faid Adi and this Adi, who fhall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court fhall dircdl.

XX.	And be it further enadled. That this Adi fhall be deemed and PaW;c Aa-taken to be a public Adi, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others without being fpecially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed byj George Eyre and Andrew Strahan. Printers to the King’s mod Excellent Majefty. 1S08.



ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII IIL REGIS.

***«****4HMW*4H» ********** r***** I*********************

C A P. CXII.

An Aft to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of Two Afts for repairing the Road from Lauder in the Shire of Berwick, to and through Kelfo in the Shire of Roxburgh to the March Burn.

[18th June 1808.]

WHEREAS by an Act paired in the Sixth Year of the Reign of fiGto. j. His prelent Majelly, intituled “An Act for repairing the c. 7j.

“ Road front the Burgh of Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick,

“ to and through Kelfo, in the Shire of Roxburgh, to the March Burn," certain Tolls or Duties were granted and made payable for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair the laid Road from Lauder to and through Kelfo to the March Burn-, and by another Act palled in the Twenty-feventh Year of the Reign of Hisprefent Majelly, intituled 27g.3. “ An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Sixth c.yj.’

“ Year of the Reign of His prelent Majelly, for repairing the Road from “ the Burgh of Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick, to and through Kelfo,

“ in the Shire of Roxburgh, to the March Burn," the Term and Powers granted by the former Act were altered and continued : And whereas the Trullees nominated and appointed in and by virtue of the laid Acts have proceeded in the Execution thereof; but the faid Road cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, nor the Sum of Three thoufand nine hundred Pounds, mentioned in the faid recited Act of the Twenty-leventn Year of the Reign of His prefent Majelly to have been borrowed on the perfonal Credit of the Trullees mominated and appointed by the faid recited Act of the Sixth [Lee. & Per.]	M R	Year

21 8 2

48* GEORGII III. Cap. J12.

Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty repaid, unlefs the Term of the faid Acts be enlarged, and further and other Powers granted. May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s molt Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, Former Acts in this prefent Parliament aflembied, and by the Authority of the lame, further con- That the laid recited Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His prefent tinued Majefty, and all and every the Claufes, Exemptions, Powers, Authorities, Articles, Rules, Penalties, and Forfeitures therein contained, (except fuch as were altered or varied by the faid recited Act of the Twenty-feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, or by this prefent Act); and alfo that the faid Act of the Twenty-leventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, and all and every the Claufes, Exemptions, Powers, Authorities, Articles, Rules, Penalties, and Forfeitures therein contained (except in fo far as they are altered or varied by this prefent Act;) fhall be continued in full Force and Effect during the Term hereby granted, and this Act, and the Term hereby granted, fhall be and are hereby declared fubject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing, or which fhall or may hereafter be borrowed and become due on the Credit of the faid recited Acts and this prefent Act, or any of them, and all Intereft due and to become due for the fame refpectively.

Truftees. II. And be it further enacted, That in the place of the Truftees nominated and appointed by the faid Acts, or in purfuance of the Powers thereby given, the Honourable Gilbert Elliot the Younger of Minto, Sir Alexander Bon of Newton Baronet, Sir James Pringle of Stitcbel Baronet, Sir Henry Hay Makdougal of Makerjlon Baronet, S'w'John Buchanan Riddell of Riddell Baronet, Sir George Douglas of Springwood Park Baronet, Sir Archibald Collingwocd Dickjon of Sydenham Baronet, George Baillie of Jer-vijwocd, Hugh Scott of Harden, Janies Haig of Bemerfyde, George Waldie of Htnderjyde, Andrew Wamhope of Niddrie, Mark Pringle of Clifton, John Rutherfurd of Edgerjlone, Thomas Tulloh of Elliejloun, Walter Ker of Lit-tledean, Alexander Carre of Cavers, William Oliver Younger of Dinlabyre, Sheriff-Depute of the County of Roxburgh, Edmund Anirobus of Rutherford, Robert Davidfon of Pinnacle Hill, Robert Walker of Wooden, Adam Boyd of Cherry trees, Robert Ker of Chat to, Dodlor Charles Ker of Gatejhaw, William Elliot of Wells, James Ramfay Cuthbert of Ednam, David Binn.ng Monro of Soft law, Andrew Wilfon of A.ainhoufe, Edward Mar-jonbanks of Lees, John Marjoribanks of Eccles, James Dukfon of Anlonf-hill, James Home of Qarrolfide, Dottor James Home of Coldenknows, Adam Fairholm of Chapel, Henry Erfk ne o! Sheffield, Alexander Don the Younger of Newton, John Pringle the Younger of Stitcbel, John James Douglas the Younger of Springwood-Park, Andrew Wauchope the Younger of Niddrie, John Waldie the Y’ounger of Henderfide, being qualified in the Manner directed by the faid recited Acts, the Eldeit Baillie of the Royal burgh of Lauder for the Time being, and the Factor upon the Eftate of Roxburgh for the Time being, fhall be, and they are hereby appointed Truftees far putting in Execution the laid recited Acts, and this prefent Act.

Quorum.	IIK And be it enacted, That the faid Truftees, or any Three or more

of them fhall and may execute, direct, and perform all the Powers,

Authorities,

2 rSj

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 1x2.

Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Articles, Directions, Matters and Things whatfoever, by this and the faid recited Acts, given, directed and prefcribed, any Thing in either of the faid recited Acts contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

IV.	And be it enacted,That the faid Truftees, or any Three or more Meeting! of of them, Iball meet at Keljo, upon the Third Monday next after the Truftee.. palling of this Act j or as loon thereafter as conveniently may be, and lhall at fuch Meeting proceed to the Execution of this and the faid Tecited Acts, and may then, and from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn to meet at fuch Times and at fuch Places, as the faid Truftees lhall think proper to appoint, without prejudice to their meeting at any other Time, if there be Occafion, upon Notice from the Clerk of the laft Meeting affixed upon each refpective Turnpike Gate, and adver-tifed, at leaft once, in fome One Newlpaper publilhed at Kelfo, if any be, and in fome One Newlpaper publilhed at Edinburgh, Ten Days at leaft before the Day fixed lor fuch Meeting,

V,	And be it enacted, That from and after the palling of Former Toll* this Act the Tolls and Duties by the faid recited Acts granted and toceafe. made payable, lhall ceafe and determine, and in lieu thereof, the faid Truftees, or any Three or more of them, or any Per fan authorized by them in Manner as by the faid recited Acts directed may and lhall at each Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected, by virtue of the faid recited Acts or of this Act, in, upon, acrofs, or on the Side of any Part or Parts of the faid Road, demand, levy, and take the Tolls and Duties following, before any Horle, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Cattle great or fmall, Coach. Landau, Chariot, Berlin, Chaife, Hearfe, Calaffi, Tolli.

Chair, Litter, Waggon, Wain, Cart, Sledge, or other Carriage whatfoever, lhall be permitted to pafs through the fame; that is to fay,

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaife, Hearfe, Calaffi, or Chair, drawn by Six or more Horfes, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or other Beafts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Four or Fives Horfes, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or other Beafts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Two Horfes, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or other Beafts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling Sterling; for every Calaffi, Chaife, or Chair, drawn by One Horfc, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beaft of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling; for every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other fuch Carnage, drawn by Six or more Horfes, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or ocher Beafts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Five Hones, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or other Beafts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by Four Horles, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or other Beafts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Three Horfes,

Mares, Geldings, Mules, or other Beafts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence Sterling; and drawn by Two Horfes, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or other Beafts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by one Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beaft of Draught, theSum of Thiee-pence Sterling; for every Horfe,Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, whereon anyPcrfon ffiall nde,the Sum of Three-pence Sterling; for every other Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden, or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence Sterling; for every Drove

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 112.

of Oxen, or neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence Sterling per Score, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs Number; for every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs Number.

VI.	And be it enacted. That from and after the paffing of this Aft the Exemptions from Tolls or Duties allowed by the faid recited Acts ffiall ceafe and determine.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That no Toll whatfoever fhali be demanded or taken, for any Carriage, Horfes, or Cattle, loaded with any Materials for making or repairing the faid Road, or any other public Roads; or for building, or repairing Bridges., Toll-Houfes, or Turnpike-Gates, or Toll-Bars, on the faid Road, or any other public Roads, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning empty after carrying the fame, nor for any Horfes or Cattle going to Water or Pafture, in or upon the Farm or Farms in which any Turnpike-Gate or Toll-Bar may ftand, nor for any Horfes or Cattle belonging to Perfons refidenc in the Town of Kelfo going to or returning from the Common belonging to the faid Town, or any of the Town Fields occupied by them, and on which there Ihall be no F'arm-(leading at the Time j nor from any Perfon or Perfons going to or returning from Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious "Worffiip tolerated by Law, and fituated within the Parifh where fuch Perfons refide, upon a Sunday, or other Day on which Divine Worfhip is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, nor from Perfons attending the Funeral of any Perfon who ihall be buried in any of the Parifhes lying in whole, or in part, within the faid County4 nor from any Clergyman going to, or returning from vifiting any fick Perfon, or going or returning from other his Minifterial or Parochial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; nor for any Horfe or Carriage going to or from any Smith’s Shop to b«s fhod or farried, pafTing though any Gate within One Statute Mile of fuch Shop; nor for Carts or Carriages carrying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning empty after carrying or conveying any Corn, H-ay, Straw, Manure, or Implements of Hufbandry to or from the faid Common or Town Fields, or to or from any Field through any Turnpike-Gate or Toll Bar, fituated on any Farm to which the faid Corn, Hay, Straw, Manure, or Implements belong j nor for Corn of any Kind fenc to or returning from Mills or Kilns, manufactured for the foie Ufe of Perfons refiding within One Statute Mile from the Turnpike-Gate or Toll-Bar j nor for Seed Corn, or other Seeds or Plants carried from the laid Town of Kelfo to be Town or planted upon the faid Common or Town Fields -t nor for any Horfes or Carriages of whatever Defcription employed, or to be employed in carrying the Mails of Letters and ExprefTes, under the Authority of His Majefty’s Poltmafter General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding fuch Mails or ExprefTes, or in returning back from conveying the fame; nor for the Florins or Carriages of Officers or Soldiers, upon their March, or upon Duty j nor for any Horfes, Cattle, or Carriages, employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any iuch

Officers

4&d GEORG 11 III. Cap. i f a*	2t§5

Officers or Soldiers, or in carrying any Sick, Wounded, or difijbled Officers or Soldiers, or in returning from carrying and conveying the fame-, nor for any Horfe, Mare, or Gelding, furnifhed by,*or for any Perfon belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to, or returning from the Place appointed for, and on the Days of Exercifc; provided always, that fuch Perfons fhall be dreffid in the Uniform of their refpective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps refpectively; nor for Carts, Carriages* or Waggons travelling with and conveying Vagrants or Criminals, fent with legal Pafies, or returning from conveying the fame-, and if any Perfon lhall claim or take the Benefit of any of the faid Exemptions, not being legally entitled to the fame, everv fuch Perfon (hall forfeit and pay any 5um not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, fuch Penalty to be fued for, levied and recovered in the fame Manner as is directed by the faid recited Acts for the Recovery of Penalties.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That if any Money fhall be agreed, or Reinveftlng awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, purchafed, Purchafe taken, or ufed, by virtue of the Powers of the faid A;ls and this Aft, for the Purpofes thereof, which are held under Entail, or are fubjeft to Life- Twohundred rents, Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or fhall belong to any Cor- Pound*, poracion, married Woman, Infant, Lunatic, or Perfon or Perfons under Difability or Incapacity; fuch Money fhall, in cafe the fame fhall amount to the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, under the Di-reftion, and by the Authority of the Court of Seffion, be with all convenient Speed paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Intent that fuch Money (hall be applied under the Direction, and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made, upon a Petitiah, to be preferred in a fummary Way, by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, in the Pur-chafe or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, ast he laid Court fhall authorize to be paid, affefting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or affefting other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages (landing fettled therewith, to the fame or like Ufes, Intents, or Pur-poles ; or where fuch Money fhall not be fo applied, then the fame fhall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, which fhall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufcs, Trufts, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner, as the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages which fhall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforelaid, flood fettled or limited, or lucti of them, as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement fhall be exifting, undetermined, and capable of taking effeft j and, in the mean Time, and until fuch Purchafe fhall be made, the lnterelt, or annual Produce of luch Money fhall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the faid Court, to the Perlon or Perfons who would for the Time being, have been entitled to the Ren s and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages fo hereby directed to be purchafed, in calc fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

[Ltc* $2* Per.]	24	$

IX, Pro-

2i86

If lefs than Two Hundred Pounds, and exceeding Twenty Pounds.

Under Twen-ty Pounds.

In cafe of not making cut

Titles.

4S°GEORGII III. Cap. 112.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if any Money fo agreed, or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or He. ritages, purchafcd, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfons under Difability or Incapacity as aforefaid, fhall be lels than the Sum of Ttoo Hundred Pounds, and fhall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all fuch Cafes, the fame fhall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons, for the Time being, entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Heritages fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fig-nified in Writing under their refpeftive Hands, under the like Direction and Authority, be paid into either of the Banks, and be placed to his or their Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein before dire&ed ■, or otherwife the fame (hall be paid at the like Option, to Two Truftees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Two or more of the faid Truftees, (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parlies,) in order that luch principal Money, and the Intereli arifing thereon, may be applied in any Manner before directed, as far as the Cafe may be applicable.

X.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That where fuch Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid, as laft before mentioned, fhall be lefs than Twenty Pounds, then, and in all fuch Cafes, the fame fhall be applied to the Ule of the Perfon or Perfons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Pofirs or the Lands, Tenements, or Heritages lo purchafed, taken, or uled for the Purpofes of the faid Acts and this Act, in luch Manner as the faid Truftees, or any Three or more of them, fhall think fit; or in caleof Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perlon or Perfons fo entitled re-fpeflively.

XI.	Andbeitfurtherenafted,Thatin cafe thePerfonorPerfonstowhom any Sum or Sums of Money fhall be awarded for the Purchafe of Lands, Tenements, or Het itages, to be purchafed by virtue of the laid Aits and this -\£t, fhall refufe to accept the fame, or fhall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes, to the Satisfaction of the laid Truftees or in cafe luch Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money fhall be io awarded as aforefaid cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to luch Lands, Tenements, or Heritages be not known or difeovered, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Truftees to order the laid Sum or Sums of Money, fo awarded as aforefaid, to be paid into the Bank ot Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the laid Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, (dclcribmg them), fubjefl to the Order, Controul, and Dilpofuion ot the Court of Seffion ; which faid Court, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to luch Sum or Sums ot Money, or any Part thereof, by Petition, fhall be, and is hereby empowered, in a lumntary Way of Proceeding or otherwife, as to the fame Court fhall feem meet, to order Dutribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the rc-

fpcctive

48* GEORG II III. Cap. 112.	2187

fpeftive Efface nr Effaces, Title, or Insereft of the Perfon or Perfons making ClaitT. thereunto, anff to make fitch other Order in the Pre-miles as to the faid Court (hall feem juft and reafonable ; and thd Calhier and Cafhiers of the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Batik of Scotland, who (hall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is, and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or' Suras of Money, mentioning and fpecifying fur what and for whole Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Pedons as (hall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into, the Bank as. afore-aid.	.	..	q ■ . , ,rj •.»

XII.	find be it further enacted, That where any Qaeftton (hall arife Where q»ef.

touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid int.q the faid tio 5 anle Banks in purfuance of the faid Acts and this Aft, fen the Porcb.afe of any	'“e

Lands, Tenements or Heritages, or of any Eft ate, Right or Iritereft in any

Lands, Tenements or Heritages to be purchafed in purluance thereof, the Perlon or Perfons, who (hall have been in poffeflion of fuch Linds,

Tenements or Heritages, at the Time of fuch Purchale, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Pofftflion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, (hall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements or Heritages according to fuch Poflcflion, until the contrary (hall be fhewn, to the Satisfaction of the laid Court of Seflion ; and (uch Money, and the Intertft thereof,

(hall be paid, applied and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it (hall be made appear to the laid Court, that fuch Poffelfion was a wrongful Poffeflion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements or Heritages, or to (ome Eftate or Intereft therein.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That where, byreafon Evpences In of any Difabilicy or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corpo- cafe of Duration entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Heritages to be purchafed

under the Authority of the faid Acts and this Aft, the Purchafe Money for the fame (hall be required to be paid into the faid Bank, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be fettled to the like Ufes, in purfuance of the' faid Acts and this Act, it (hall be lawful for the faid Court, to order the Expences of all Purchafes, from Time to Time, to be made in purfuance of the faid Acts and this Act, or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Court flrall deem reafonable, together with the nereffary Cofts and Charges of obtaining fuch Order, to be paid by the faid Truftecs, who (hall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money for (uch Purports as the laid Court (hall direct.

XIV.	And be it enacted, That the Charges and Expences of palling E

this Act (hall be paid out of any Money that now is or that may be in thuAe”! °b. the Bands of the Collector or Collectors of the Duties raifed by virtue paid, of the laid recited Acts, or out of the firft and readied Money collected by virtue of this Act.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That this Act (hall be deemed and Public ACt, taken to be a public Act, and (hail be judicially taken notice of as

fuch

2i88

48° GEORGII III. Cap. it 2.

fuch by all Judges, Juftices and others, without being fpccially pleaded.

Endurance of XVI. And be it further enacted. That this Act (hall commence and this Aft. take place from and after the palling thereof, and (hall continue in force, and be executed for and during the ffefidue now to come and unexpired, of the Term granted by the (aid recited Acts, and from and immediately after the Expiration thereof, for and during the Space of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Etre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s mod Excellent Majefty. 1S08.

N)j

oowj,

'ooai

SW

tain

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.



Cap. 113.

An Adi for more effedtually repairing and improving the Road leading from the Town of Stamford' to the Divilion Stone in South Witham, in the County of Lincoln.	[x8th	June 1808.]

WHEREAS the Road leading from a certain Place called Scotgate in the Town of Stamford in the County of Lincoln, to a certain Stone on a Place called Witham Common in the Parifh of South Witham in the faid County, commonly called the Divifion Stone, marked on the One Side thereof “ South Diftricl,” and on the other Side thereof “ North Diftrift,” through ihe fcveral Parifhes, Townlhips, and Places of Saint John and All Saints in Stamford aforefaid, Little Cajlerton, Great Cafiertoni Tickencote, Empingham, Extony Crest bant, Strstton, and Thi-Jleton, in the Councv of Rutland, and North Witham and South Witham aforefaid, in the faid County of Lincoln, or fomeof them, is repaired undeF the Authority of a certain A£t of Pat Jiament puffed in the Twelfth Year ja & of the Reign of His late Majefly King George the Second, intituled, An zyG-i. ASl for repairing the Road between Stamford and Grantham, in the County of Lincoln ; and alfo of art A& palled in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Keign of His faid late Majefty, intituled. An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an A61 pajfd in the Twelfth Tear of the Reign of His prefent Majefly, for repairing the Road between Stamford and Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, and for making the fame more effectual; and alfo of another A<ft pafled in the Twenty-feventh Year of the Reign of Tils prefent Majefty, intituled, An All for enlarging the Term and Powers of [Lot* Per.]	24	T	Two

aigQ

48' GEORG 11 til. Cap. 113.

Two Acts puffed in the Twelfth and Twenty-fourth Tears of the Reign of his late Majejly King George the Second, for repairing the Road between S amford and Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, (the Terms of which are now near expiring); by which laid ilfts or fome of them, feverai Tolls and Powers have been granted to Truftees for repairing and amending the laid South Diftridt of Road during the refpedtive Perms of Years therein mentioned, and fcveraiSums ofMoneyhavein purfuance of the faidAdtsor feme of them, been borrowed, and are ftill due on the Security of the Tolls thereby granted, and the fame cannot be paid off, nor can the laid Road be eifedtually improved and kept in Repair, unlefs additional Tolls, Powers andProvifions be granted for a further Term ; may it therefore pleale Tour Majcfty, that it may be enabled ; and be it enacted bv the King’s molt Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prclent Parliament afiembltd, and by the Authority of the- fame, That all the Tolls, Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punifhments, Exemptions, Claufes, Provisions, Matters and Things contained in the laid leveral Acts of Parliament herein-before referred to, and each and every, of them, iball (.0 lar as they or any of them relate to or concern the Paid South D;ft|ia of Road herein-befbre mentioned* or any Part or Parts thereof; from and a-tfer the Day appointed for the Commencement of this Act, be and the fame are hereby repealed •, and that from thenceforth the feverai Tolls, Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punifhments, Exemptions, Claufes, Provifions, Matters, and 1 hings, in this prefent Act contained, 0-all be put in Execution, and fhnll continue in Force during the Term herein-ufter mentioned, for the Purpole of amending, widening, keeping in Repair, and improving the laid Road leading from Scotgate aforefaitl to the laid Divifion Stone in the Parilh cf South Witham afore Paid.

Debts con- H. And be it further eriadfced, That all and every Sum 2nd Sums of na&edunder Money which on the Day appointed for the Commencement of this' Act Afts^iu-ed ^e due and owing on the Credit of the Paid former Acts or any of by this Act. them, or on the Secui i'y of the Tolls thereby refpcCtively granted within or upon the laid Diltridl, together with the Jmereft on fuch of the fame Sums as carry Irneidt, fhali ftand and be charged and chargeable on the Tolls by this A<5t granted, and may be recovered in like Manner as if the fame had been contracted on the Credit of this Act, or fecured on the Tolls heaeby granted.

Truftees *p- III* And be it further ena&ed, That Thomas Graham Arnold Dodtor pointed. ofPhyfic, Richard Alley, Henry Atlay, Martin Amphlet, Charles A Hist, Jofepb Adams, Albemarle Bertie, Henry Boulton, Thomas Barker, Samuel Barker, Edward Brown, William Brown, Edward Brown the younger* William Brereton, Abel Waif or d Bellairs, "James Bellairs, George Bellairs, John William BramJUm, Wyriey Birch,	Birch,	William Burjlem, Amos

Butt of Horn, Amos Butt of Whitwell, the Honourable Thomas Cecil-, (commonly called Lord Thomas Cecil) Sir Mountague Cholmley Baronet, Charles Chaplin, Charles Chaplin the younger, Chrijlopher Cookfon, Benjamin Cooper, John Carrie, Benjamin Chrifiian, William Chapman, Thomas Chapman, George Richards Denfhire, Charles Henfhire, the Honourable Dawney, Jeremiah Ellis DoCtor in Divinity, Thomas Eq/lon, William Eafion, Samuel Edwards,	Ellicott, Sir Samuel Fiudyer

Baronet, George Fiudyer, Evan Foulkcs, Thomas Fofler, Thomas Forjytb, Samuel Richard Fydell, Henry Fryer, Henry Finch, John Forffer, Kir.gjman 8	Foffer

48‘GEORGII IMi Cap. M3.	,2191

Tofier, Tib out as Grofucnor, Jofeph Gill, George De Lignc Gregory* the Aiders man of Grantham tor the Time being, the Right Honourable John Lord Henniker, Sir Gilbert Beathcote Baronet, James Hurft, Thomas Hurff,

Hopkinfon, Ilamlyn Harris, Samuel Hunt, Qhefelden Hen-for.* William Harper* Robert Henfon*	Hmmatt, Heniy Hopkinfon,

George William Johnfon, Charles Johnfon* Hugh Jack fan,, Edwa; d Jones*

Samuel Judd* the right Honourable William Low the* (commonly called Lord Lowther) Richard Lucas, Richard Liras the younger, Richard Lluelyn*

Frederick Lely* Brown lowe hi liars Layard* John Rowland Lit chford, Sir William Manners Baronet, John Manners* James Mac Guffog Middle-ton* John Maydwell, John George De Merveillieux, John Meffing Gerard*

Noel Noel* Charles Noel* I hi hi ant Noel, George Hander Nettnburgh Henry Nevile, Nathaniel North, William Ofhler, Henry O’Brien, Stafford O’Brien,

Donatus O’Brien* the Honourable Edward PenivaL t ;e FI incurable Charles Anderfon Pelham* Thomas Parke* William Pochin. Charles Pichin,

Michael Pierreponl, John Pepper, Jacob Reynardfon, Robert Rudkin, Charles Roberts, Henry Shield, William Shield, Matthew Snow, William Sievenfon,

Nicholas Clarke Stevenfon* Thomas Smith* Singleton, the Mayo , Aider-men, and Capital Burgeffis of the Borough of Stamford for the l ime being* Thomas Syfon, William Sherrard, Sir John Trollope Baronet, John Trollope* Thomas Try on* EdmundTurnour, Richard Twopenny* Cotton Thompfon,

Taitt, D* D. James Torkington, William Torkington* Benjamin Baker Tathwell* Thomas Truman, Sir 1 homes Whichcote Baronet, John Wingfield* John Wingfield the younger, Thomas Wingfield* Sir William Earle Welby Baroner, John Willis M. D. John Wood, d bomas VHoodrcffe, and John Wyche, fhall be and they are hereby appointed Trultees for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the Laid Road leading from Scotgate aforefaid, to the faid Divifion Stone in South Witham aforefaid, and for putting this Ad into Execution.

IV. And be it further enaded, That when and as often as any of the Powsr to apf Truflees hereby nominated and appointed, or who fhall be elected and appointed in the Manner herein-after mentioned, (hall die, or by Writing under their refpedive Hands refufe to ad in the Execution of this Ad,

■it fnall be lawful for the furviving or continuing Truflees from Time to Time, at any Meeting to be holden in purluance of this Ad, by Writing under their refpedive Hands to eled and appoint fome fit Pei ion to be a Tru/tee In the Room of every or any Truflee fo dying or refuting to ad as aforefaid. Ten Days previous Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting of thefaid Truftees for every fuch Eiedion being givenby tbeClerk or Treafurer herein-after direded to be appointed, by affixing fuch Notice in Writing upon all the Turnpike Gates then ereded acrofs the faid Road, and by inferting the fame in fome Newfpaper printed or generally circulated in the faid County of Lincoln ; and every Perfon who (hall be elected and appointed a Truflee purfuant to the Diredions of this Ad, fhail and may ad with the furviving and continuing Truftees in the Execution of this Ad to all Ltents and Pur.pofes as if he had been named and appointed a Truftee in and by this Ad.

tr. And be it further enaded, That all Proceedings, Matters and AllActsfliay Things relative to the Execution of this Ad, may be done and executed p^TroSee* by any Five or more of the faid Truflees hereby nominated and appointed, ua.eisotner-or who fhail hereafter be elede4 and appointed as aforefaid, except only wifedhected.

2192

Qualification ot Truitt es,

The Oatlu

Meeting# of th fcTvuiteee.

48* GEORG1I III. Cap. 113.

in the Cafes hereby particularly directed orauthorized tobe doneor executed by any greater or lei's Number of Truftees.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Perfon (hall be capable of acting as a Truftee in the Execution of this Act unlefs he fhall be.in his own Right, or in Right of his Wife, feifed of or entitled to MelTuages, Lands, or Hereditaments for fame Eftate for Life, or of Inheritance in Poffefiion, of the clear Yearly Value of Fifty Pounds above Reprifes, or (hall be Heir Apparent to fome Perfon or Perfons fo feized of or entitled to Mefluages, Lands, or Hereditaments for fome Eftate for Life, or of Inheritance, of the clear Yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprifes, or (hail be pofieffed of a Perfonal Eftate alone, or Real and Perfonal Eftate together of the Amount or Value of One thoufand Pounds above what will be (efficient to pay all his juft Debts; and if any Perfon not being fo qualified fhall prefume to act as a Truftee in the Execution of this Act, every Perfon fo offending (hall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Perfon or Perfons who (hall fue for the fame, to be recovered in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at IVefitninficr, by Action of Debt or on the Cale, or by Bill, Suitor Information, wherein no Effoign, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance (hall be allowed •, and every Perfon fo profecuted (hall prove that he is qualified as aforefaid, or otherwife (hall pay thefaid Penalty upon Proof being given of his having acted as a Truftee in the Execution of this Act: Provided always, that all the Acts and Proceedings of any Perfon as a Truftee in the Execution of this Act, previous to his being convictec of the faid Offence, (hall be as valid and effectual as if luch Pefion had been duly qualified according to the Directions of this Aft: Provided alio, that every Truftee, before he fhall aft as fuch (except in adminiftering the following Oath) (hall take an Oath before One or more of the faid Truftees (who is and are hereby empowered to adminifter the fame) in the Form following, that is to fay •,

*	T A. B, do (Wear, That I am truly and bona fide in my own Right [or, 4 A in Right of my Wife] feifed of cr entitled to Mi (Tinges, Lands, or 4 Hereditaments for fome Eftate for Life, or of Inheritance in Poffeffion, 4 cf the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds above Reprifes ; [and in cafe of 4 an Heir Apparent] I A. B. do (wear, that I am Heir Apparent to C. D. 4 who to the beftof my Knowledge and Belief is truly and bona fide leiftd 4 of or entitled to MelTuages, Lands, or Hereditaments for fome Eftate 4 for Life or of Inheritance, of the clear Yearly Value of One hundred

*	Pounds above Reprifes; [and in cafe of Pa final Efiate alone, or Real and

*	Perfonal Efiate together] I A. B. do fwear, that i am truly and bona fide 4 feifed of a Perfonal Eftate [or, of a Real and Perfonal Eftate together] of

*	the Amount cr Value of One thoufand Pounds above what will be

*	fufficient to pay all my juft Debts; and that I will truly and impartially, 4 according to the beft of my Judgment, execute and perform the feveral 4 Powers, Authorities, and Trufts repofed in me as a Truftee, by virtue 4 of an Aft paffed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George 4 the Third, intituled [here fet forth the Title of this Aft.]

4 So help me GOD/

VII.	And be it further enafted, 'That the faid Truftees (ball meet at the George and Angel Inn at Stamford aforefaid. or at fome other convenient

Houle

2i93

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 113.

.Houfein the fame Town, on the Day of the Commencement of this Ad, or as foon after as conveniently may be, and (hall then proceed to carry this Act into Execution, and that the'faid Truftees or any Two or more of them (hall then, and from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn themfelves to meet at the fame Place or at fuch other Place or Places near l'ome Part of the faiil Road, and at fuch Times, as they (hall from Time to Time order and dired (provided that no Adjournment (hall be made for a longer Time than Three Calendar Months); and if at any Meeting appointed to be holden by virtue of this Ad, there (hall not appear a fufficiem Number of Truftees to aft or to adjourn to another Day, or in caie the Truftees at any Meeting aflfembled (hall not adjourn them-felves, the Clerk or Treafurer of the faid Road (hall from Time to Time, as often as fuch Cafe (hall happen, by Notice in Writing to be affixed upon all Turnpike Gates then erected acrofs the faid Road, at lead Ten Days before the next intended Meeting, appoint the Truitees to meet at the Place where the lad Meeting was appointed to have been holden, or .at any other Place near any Parcot the faid Road, on the Day Four Weeks after the Day on which fuch laft Meeting was appointed: Provided always that all the General Annual Meetings of the faid Truitees (hall not be held ac any other Place than in the Town of Stamford afore-laid.

VIII.	Provided always and be it further enaded, That if after any Meetings on Adjournment of the faid Truitees, it (hall at any Time bethought necef- ^mergtnats, fary that an earlier Day of Meeting ihould be appointed than the Day appointed by fuch Adjournment, in that Cafe the Clerk or Treafurer of

the faid Road upon an Order in Writing figned by any Three or more of the faid Truftees (mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpofe of fuch Meeting) (hall forthwith give Notice thereof, and of the Time, Place, and Purpofe mentioned in fuch Order, in the Manner laft herein-before directed (fuch Time noc beinglefs than Ten Days after fuch Notice) and fuch earlier Meeting (hall and may be held accordingly; and the faid Truftees at ail their Meetings fhall defray their own Expences.

IX.	And be ic further enaded, That ac the Fiift or Second Meeting of Accounts of the faid Truftees for carrying this Ad into Execution, or as foon after as Treafurer* conveniently may be, the Accounts of the Treafurer or Treafurers for the former Acts faid Diftrid of Road herein-before mentioned, (hall be produced, examined, to be: PalT£d and fettled, and the Balance of each Account (hall be carried over to a Second Meet-new Accounc with the Truftees adingin the Execution of this Ad, who »ng. *nd fhall make fuch Orders for the Difpoial of any Money that may appear to Se^Account. to be in the Hands of fuch Treafurer or Treafurers, agreeable to the true

Intent and Meaning of this Ad, or for reimburftng him or them, out of the Monies hereby authorized to be railed, any Money that may appear to be due him or them, with lawful Inttrcft daring the Forbearance thereof, as t&'ey the faid Tiuftces may -think proper.

X.	Arid be it further enacted, Thatrit fhall be lawful for the faid Tiuf- How OrJers tees or-the Majority of them prefenc at any Meeting which (hall be held of thcTruf-in purfuance of this Ad, from Time to Time to make all neceffary InademUe! Orders, Dire.dions, Appointments* Agreements, and Determinations in the voked. Execution of this Ad*, and no fuch..Order, Diredion, Appointment,

Agreement, or Determination (hall be made unlefs the Number of Truf-

4\Lqc. Ss9	24 U	tees,

48*GEORGII III. Cap. 113.

tees, by this Ad authorized to make the fame, fhali be prefent, and the Majority of the Truftees prefent fhali concur therein ; and no fuch Order, Direction, Appointment, Agreement, or Determination {ball be revoked or altered at any fubfequenc Meeting, unlefs Fifteen Truftees at leaft lhall be prefent, and the Majority of them {hall concur therein.

XI.	And be it further enacted. That if any Perfon orPerfons, appointed or to be appointed a Truftee or Truftees for putting this Act into Execution, fhali have or accept of any Place of Profit arifiig out of or by reafon of the fame Ad, or the Tolls or Duties hereby impoied, luch Perfon or Ptrfons fhali, from the Time of accepting fuch Place be incapable of acting as a Truftee or Truftees-during his or their Enjoyment of fuch Place of Profit as aforefaid.

XII.	And be it further enacted. That fuch of the Truftees of this Act for the Time being, as are or lhall be in the Ccmmilfion of the Peace for the Parts of Kejieven, in the faid County of Lincoln, or in the Commiflion

act as juitices. of the Peace for the faid County of Rutland, or are or {hall be Juftices of the Peace for the Borough of Stamford aforefaid, (hall and may act within their refpective Diftricts and J^prildictions as Juftices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding fuch Juftices being Truftees as aforefaid ; and that any Mortgagee or Affignces of any Mortgage or other Security, or any Lender of Money upon the Credit of any of the Tolls granted by this Act, or receiving Intereft for the fame, lhall not on thac account be deemed unqualified to act as a Truftee.

power to erect XIII. And be it further enacted. That the faid Truftees, or fuch other Toll Gates. pCrfon or Perfons as they lhall appoint, lhall and may continue, erect, or otherwife provide fuch and fo many Toll Gates or Turnpikes in, upon, or acrofs fuch Parts and in fuch Places of the faid Road hereby directed to be repaired, and alfo fuch and fo many Toll Gates or Turnpikes on the Sides o{ the faid Road, and in, upon, or acrofs any Lane or Bye-way that doth or lhall lead into or our of the fame, as the faid Truftees fhali think proper, and alfo fhali and may continue, ered or otherwife provide a Toll Houfe to each of the faid Toll Gates orTurnpikes, with luitable Buildings and other Conveniences thereto, and inclofe from the Sides of the faid Road convenient Gardens for the lame.

Tolls to be XIV. And be it further enaded, That the feveral Tolls herein-after t-k«n.	particularly	mentioned	(hall	be	demanded	and	taken at each and every of

the Toll Gates or Turnpikes which fhali he continued, ertded, or provided, in purfuance of this Ad, upon that Part of the faid Road lying between the Town of Stanford aforefaid, and the Toll Bar or Gate hereinafter mentioned at or near the Pivifion Stone herein-hefote deferibed, or on the Side or Sides thereof, or in, upon, or acrofs any Lane or Bye-way leading into or out of the fame{except as htrein-afrer is exprefsly direded or provided to the contrary) before any Horfe, Cattle, or Carriage, upon which any Toll is by this Ad impofed, {hall be permitted to pafs through the fame, that is to lay ;

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Chaife, Curricle, Calafti, Hearfe, Chaife Marine, or other luch Carriage, drawn by Six or more Horfes or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum ot Two Shillings j drawn by

Trnftefs not

Piace'of Profit.

Truftees in the Coirmif-fion of the

2195

4S*GEORGII III. Cap. 113.

Four or Five Horfes or other Beafts of Draught, theSum of OneShilling and Sixpence*, and drawn by Two or Three Horfes or other Beafts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Chair, Cbaife, Gig, Whifky, cr other Carriage of the like Kind, drawn only by One Horfe or other Beaft of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horfe or other Beaft of Draught, drawing any Waggon,

Wain, Cart, or other Carriage of the like kind, the Sum of Three-pence :

For every Four-whetled Carriage in any Manner fixed to any Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage drawing, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Two-wheeled Carriage, having any Perfon therein, or being laden in any Manner, fixed to any Waggon, Wain, Cart or ■other Carriage drawing, rhe Sum of One Shilling, and unladen or empty, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Pair of Millftones, or Block of Timber, drawn by Five or more Horles or other Beafts of Draught the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence:

Fur every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny :

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score ; and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Number:

And for every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep or Lambs the Sum of Five-pence per Score and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Number.

XV.	And be it' further enafted, That the feveral and refpeftive Tolls Power for or Sums of Money by this Aft granted jfhall be demanded and taken by ^Payme^t fu h Perfon or Perfons as the faid Truftees fhall from Time to Time of Tolls, authorize and appoint to leceive the fame; and if any Perfon or Perfons,

fubjeft to the Payment of any fuch Tolls or any Parc or Parcs thereof, fhall, after Demand thereof made by any Colleftof or Colleftors, or other Perfon or Perfons authorized to receive the fame, negleft or refufe to pay the faid Tolls or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, it fhall be lawful for the Petfon or Perfons fo authorized to feize and diftrain any Horfe or Cattle, B aft or Carriage upon which any Toll is by this Aft im-pofed, or any or the Loading, Harnefs, or Accoutrements thereof re-fpeftively, or any of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons fo neglefting or refufing to pay the fame ; and if fuch Tolls, and thereafon-able Coils of fuch Diftrefs and keeping the fame, fhall not be paid within the Space of Four Days after the Day of making fuch Diftreis, the Perfon or Perfons fo diftraining (hall and may at any Time or Times thereafter fell the Horfe, Cattle, Beaft, Carriage, Goods, and Chattels lo diftrained, and out of the Monies which fhall arife by fuch Sale pay or retain fuch Tolls, a d all rrafonable Charges incurred by fuch Diftrefs and Sale, returning the Overplus c f t. c Money which (ball arife by fuch Sale, and what fhail remain unfold (if any) upon Demand to the Owner or Owners thereof.

XVI.	And be it further enafted. That if any DXpute fhall happen For fettling concerning anv Tolls due, or the Charges occafioned by any fuch Diftrefs ~l!?'Jtrsc°n-as aforefaid, ir fhall be lawful for the Pe fon or Perfons fo diftraining to cermns To 3 retain fuch Diftrcls or the Money arifing from the Sale thereof, until the

Quantity

2,1 q6	48°.GEOR<5II	HI.	Cap.	113.

■Quantity of the Tolls and the Charges of fuch Diftrefs fhall be afcertained by fome Juftice of the Peace for the County, Divifion, or Diftridt in which fuch Diftrefs lhall be made, who upon Application made to him for that Purpofe, fhall examine the Matter by Oath of the Parties, or of a Witnefs 01 Witneflcs, and fhall determine the Toll due, and-afids the Charges of fuch Diftrefs, and of the Colledior’s Attendance upon the faid Juftice for that Purpofe ; all which Sums fo determined and aflefled ftiall be paid to the faid Colledlor before he or ffie fhall he obliged to return the Goods fo diftrained, or the faid Overplus or any Part thereof refpcc-lively.

Collectors d<- XVII. And be it further enabled, That in cafe any Difpute, Suit, or ckred compe- Litigation (hall arife touching or in any way relating to the faid Tolls, twntvv itnefies. ^ per|£n 0r pcrfons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Perlon or Pcrfons adting under the Authority of the faid Truflees, fhall not be incompetent on account of Lis being appointed to collect fuch Tolls, to give Evidence in any fuch Dilpute, Suit, or Litigation,.

Toll* may be XVIII. And be it further ena&ed. That it fhall be lawful for the faid varied. Truflees from Time to Time, when and as often as they lhall think proper, to lelfen, vary, or alter all or any of the Tolls herein-betore granted or made payable at all or any of the Turnpikes to be continued, eredled, cr provided by virtue of this Adi, and to raife the fame again, fo as they do not at any Time exceed the Tolls by this Adi granted or made payable at the fame Turnpikes by virtue of this Adi, and fo as every fuch Rcdudtion be made with the Confent of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to Three-fourth Parts of the Money then due on Security of the faid Tolls, but no fuch Alteration fhall be made after the Second Meeting of the faid Truflees unlefs Twenty-one Days previous Notice thereof fhall be affixed in Writing upon all the Turnpikes then eredteffacrofs the faid Road, and alfo inferted in fome Newipaper printed or generally circulated in the County of Lincoln.

Number of 'XIX. Provided always, and be it further enadled. That no Perfon or Toil*limited. Perlons who fhall have paid the loll or Duty for pafling through any of the faid Turnpikes or Toll Gates, fhall be liable to pay any Toll or Duty for repafiing through the fame Turnpikes or Toll Gates or any of them with the fame Horfes, Cattle, Beads, and Carriages, the fame Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in one Night to Twelve of the Clock in the fucceeding Night, fuch Perfon producing a Ticket denoting the Payment of fuch Toll, which Ticket the Colledlors of the Tolls are hereby required to give gratis upon the Payment of fuch Toll but that all and every Perfon or Perfons who fhall have palled and repafled Once in the fame Day through the fame Turnpikes or Toll Gates as aforefaid, fhall be iubjcdl and liable to the Payment of the fame Toll or Duty for every Time fuch Horfes, Cattle, Bealls, or Carriages fhall afterwards pafs, or pals and repals through the fame Turnpike or Toll Gate during the lame Day* any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithflanding.

XX.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enadled, That no Perfon or Perlons lhall be charged wiih any of the Tolls hereby granted for or in refpedt of any Horfe or other Bcaft, Gait or other Carriage, when employed in carrying or conveying Stones, Gravel, or other Materials

ior

Exemption -from Tolls.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. hi.

for repairing the faid Road, or any Bridge thereon, or any Highway in any of the Parifhes or Townships through which the faid Road doth or may lead, or in any of the adjoining Parifhes or Townlhips; or in carrying or conveying any Hay or Com or other Produce of Lands to be laid up, ufed, or ccnfumed in the Houle', Out Houfts or Barns of the Owners thereof, and not for Sale, or being unladen when fo employed ; or for or in refpedof any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements ofHufbandry; or for or in relped of any Carts, Waggons, or other Carriages employed in carrying or conveying any Lime, Dung, Mould, Compoft or Manure of any Kindwhatfoever to be employed in Hufbandry for Manure of Lands.; nor fhall any of the laid Toils be taken of any Ptrfon rending in any Parifh through which the faid Road or any Part thereof doth or fhall lead, who dull pafs through any Turnpike to or from Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worfbip, or when attending the Funeral of arfy Perlon who fhall be buried in any fuch Parifh ; nor of any Clergyman going to or returning from vifuing any fick Ptrfon, or upon other his Parochial or Minifterial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divme Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated •, or for or in ref-ped of any Horfes or Cattle going to or returning from Plough, Water, or Pafture within the feveral Parifhes to which they fhall belong, or any of the neighbouring Parifhes ; provided that fuch laft-mentioned Exemption as to H rfesor Cattle going to or from Water or Pafture, fhall only extend to fuch Horfes or Cattle as fhall be driven to or from Water or Pafture from oneParilh to the next adjoining Parifh, or to fuch Horfes or Cattle as fhall not pals upon the fame Road more than Two Miles in going to or returning from Water or Pafture; or for or in refpedt of the Horles or Cattle of any Inhabitant of any of the faid Parilhes going to be fhod or farried, or returning therefrom; or for any Bricks, Limeftone, Fiaifter, Timber, Wood, or other Materials ufed for rebuilding or repairing any Church, Chape), Houfe, Outhoufe, Barn, Stable, or Hovel, within the lame-Parifh orTownfhip where fuchBricks, Limeftone, Plai-fter. Timber, Wood, or other Materials were made, gotten, or felled; or fhall apy .Toll or Duty be demanded or taken for any Horfe or Carriage employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Exprcfles under the Authority of His Majefty’s Poftmafter General, or his Deputies; nor for any Carriage, Horfe, or Beaft which fhall only crofs the faid Road, or fhall not pafs above One Hundred Yards thereon ; nor for the Horfes of any Officers or Soldiers paffing upon their March or upon Duty; nor for.the Hoifes,Cart', Carriages or Waggons employed in carrying or conveying the Ai ms or Baggage of any fuch Officers or Soldiers upon their March or upon Duty, or carrying any wounded, fick, or dilabled Officers, and Soldiers, or returning empty after having been fo employed ; nor for any Horfe, Maie. or Gelding furnifhed by or for any Perfons belonging t© any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry refpedively, and rode by them ; nor Carriages conveying Volunteer Infantry in going to or returning from the Place appointed tor and on the Days of Excrcife, provided that fuch Perfon or Perfons be drefied in the Uniform of their refpective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps rdpc&ively, at the Time of claiming luch Exemption as aforefaid ; ror tor any Horfes, Carts, or Waggons tiaveilmg wirh Vagrants lent by legal Pafio ; nor for any Horfes or Carriages car lying or conveying anv Elector or Electors go.ng to or returning rrom any Election of a Knight or Knights lor the [Loc. & Per.']	24	X	Shire

+8° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 113.

Shire to ferve in Parliament for the County of Lincoln or Rutland on the Day or Days of fuch Election, or on the Day before or Day after fuch Election (hall begin or be concluded; and if any Perfon (hall claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforefaid, not being entitled to the fame, or if any Perfon being fo entitled fhall fraudulently and collu-fively extend the fame to or for the Benefit of any Perfon or Perfons not entitled thereto, every Perfon fo offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, fhall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, at the Difcretion of the Juftice or Juftices before whom fuch Offender fhall be convi&ed.

XXI.	And be it further enabled. That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall with any Horie, Cattle, Beaft, or Carriage, upon which any Toll is by this Aft impofed, pafs through any Land or Ground within the Difiance of One Mile from any Toll Gate or Turnpike which fhall be continued, creCled, or provided by virtue of this ACt, the lame not being a public Road *, or if any Owner or Occupier of any fuch Land or Ground fhall knowingly permit or fuffer any other Perfon or Perfons with any Horie, Cattle, Beaft, or Carriage to pafs through the fame, whereby the Payment of any of the Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, fhall be evaded, or if any Pt-rfon or Perfons fhall give to or receive from any Perfon (other than a Collector of the laid Tolls) or fhall forge or counterfeit any ' Ticket by this Act direded to be given by a Collector of the faid Tolls, or fhall forcibly pafs through anv fuch Toll Gate or Turnpike as aforefaid, with any Horfe, Cattle, Beaft, or Carriage, or fhall at any I ime or T mes take oft or caufe to be taken off any Horie, Cattle, or Beaft from any Carriage, whereby rhe Payment of any of the faid Tolls or any Part or Parts thereof fhall be evaded * or if any Perfon or Perfons fhall leave Or caufe to be left upon or near to any Part of the faid Ro d, any Horfe, Cattle, Beaft, or Carriage, with an Intent to evade the Payment of anv of the faid Tolls, or any Part or Parrs thereof, or with fuch Intent fhall unload any Horfe, Cattle, Beaft or Carriage, every Perfon offending in any ot the Cales aforefaid, and bemg Lwfully convicted iherto1, lhail forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, at the Difoetion of rhe Juftice ot Juftices before whom fuch Offender fliall be convicted, One Moiety whereof fhall be for the Ule of the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety thereof fhall be applied for the Purpoles of this ACt in Manner herein-after mentioned.

Power to	XXII. And be it further enaCled, That it fhall be lawful for the faid

compound for Truftees from Time to Time, as they fliall iee convenient, to com-'*	pound	and	agree, for any Term not exceeding One Year at any one Time,

with all or any of the Inhabitants of the leveral Parifhts, Townfhips, or DiffriCts through which the laid Road leads, for the Paffage of their Horfes, Cattle, or Carriages through all or any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes created or to be crcCted on the faid Road or the Sides thereof.

Power to XXIII. And be ic further enaCled, That it fliall be lawful for the faid le.ifc the	Tiuftees, after giving- One Calendar Month’s previous Notice thereof,

Tolls.	in Writing, to be affixed upon all the Turnpikes ereCted acrols the laid

Road, and to be infeittd in fome Newfpaper printed or circulated in the faid County of Lincoln, from Time to Time to leale and demife the Toils granted by this A& or any Parc or Parts thereof, for any Term not exceeding

5:198

To prevent

the evading of Toll*.

2199

4-8°GEORGII III. Cap. 113.

ceedirg Three Years, for the bed Rent or Price that can be reafonably gotten tor the fame, payable at fuch Time and in fuch Manner, and with, under and fubjed to fuch Covenants, Conditions, and Agreements as the Lid Trudees fhall think fit, they the faid Trudees having a Counterpart of fuch Leafe or Leafes, and taking luch other fufficicnt Security for Payment of the Rents and Performance of the Covenants to be reierved and eomprifed in fuch Leafe or Leafes as the faid Trudees fhall think fit.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That it fliall be	rcs

lawful for the faid Trudees or any Seven or more of them, from Time Gxtt6

to Time, when and as often as they (hall think proper, to caule any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes which noware or hereafter fhall be erected in, upon or acrofs or on the Side of the faid Road, to be removed to and erected in, upon, or acrofs, or on the Side of fuch other Part or Parts of the faid Roads as the faidTruftces or any Seven or more of them fhall from Time to Time order and dired ; but none of the faid Toll Gates or Turnpikes (hall be removed as aforefaid, unlcfs Twenty-one Days previous Notice of the Intention to remove the fame (hall have been affixed in Writing upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes then erededacrofs the faid Road, and inferted in fome Newfpaper printed or circulated in the faid County of Lincoln.

XXV.	And be it further enaded, That the Right, Intered and Property Toll Houfef of and in ail the Toll Gates or Turnpikes and Toll Houles which (hall ^ aerk* '” be ereded and provided in purfuance of this Act (except the Toll Gate or Treafuier. Turnpike and Toll Houle to be erected at or near to the faid Divifion

Stone) with the feveral Conveniences and Appurtenances thereunto belonging reflectively, and the Materials of which the fame (hall confid, and all Materials, Matters, and Things which (hall be purchafed or provided for the Purpofes of this Ad (hail be veded in the Clerk or Clerks, and Treafuier or Treafurers, of the faid Road for the Time being, and he and they is and are hereby empowered to fell, adign, transfer, apply, and difpofe of the fame as Occafion (hall require, and as the faid Trudees from Time to Time fliall order, dired, and appoint, and under the like Order, Diredion, and Appointment of the faid Trudees, to bring or caufe to be brought any Adion or Adions, or to prefer and profecute any Indidment or Indidments againd any Perfon or Perlons •who d> all dig up, break, or pulldown, deal, take, or carry away, fpoil, deftroy, injure, or damage any of the faid Toll Gates, Turnpikes, or Toll Houfes, or any of the Conveniences and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, or any of the Materials, Matters or Tilings aforefaid, or any Fences which (hall be made and repaired by the faid Trudees, or who fhall do any Ad to hinder or obdrud any Perfon or Perfons employed by the Lid Trudees in the Execution of this Ad.

XXVI.	And whtieas an Ad was palled in the prefent Seflion of Par-

liament, intituled, An Ad for repairing the Road from Fodon Bridge through Moiety of the the ‘Town of Grantham, to the Divifion Stone on Witham Common, all in tne 1ol sdtathehree* County of Lin coin ; wherein it is exprtffed that One Moiety or equal Half To^Barto be Part of the clear Rcfidue or Surplus of the Tolls and Duties to be received ere ed at the at the Foil Gaie or Turnpike to be ereded at or near the faid Divifion Stone in South Witham aforefaid, (after deduding certain Cods, Charges and Expences therein mentioned) lhali be paid to the Treafurer or Trealii-rers of the Trudees adingunder this Ad j be it therefore enaded, That all

the

2200

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 113.

the Monies which fhall be received by the Treafurer or TreTurers to be appointed by Virtue of this Ad, under or by virtue of fuch Provifiort (hall be appropriated, laid our, and applied in like Manner and fbr the like Purpolcs as the Tolls or Duties hereby granted are by this Ad dirtded to be applied.

Tomorrow- XXVII. And be; tt further ena£ted, That it (hall be lawful for the faid ing Money Truftees at anyof their Meetings to be held in purfuance of this Ad, to bor-row 2nd take up at Intereft, upon the Credit of the Tolls to arile by virtue of this Ad, in fuch Manner as they (hall think proper, any Sum or Sums of Money they (hall think fit to borrow for all or any of thePurpoles ofthis Ad, giving Twenty-one Days previous Notice thereof in Writing, to be affixed on all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes then erededacrofs the faid Road, and to be publifhed in fome Newfpaper printed or circulated ki the laid County of Lincoln; and they the laid Truftees ate hereby empowered from T ime to Time, at any of their Meetings, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, to affign ever or mortgage the refpedive Toils or Du ies hereby granted, or any Part or Proportion, Parts or Proportions thereof, during the Continuance of this Ad (the Charg.s of fuch Alignments and Mortgages to be paid cut of fuch Tolls) as a Security or Securities to any Perfon or Perfons who fliall advance fuch Sum or Sums of Money, his, her, or their Truftee or Tiuflees, their refpedive Executors, Admirnftratois, and Aligns, for the Money fo to be advanced, with fuch Inter eft for the farre as (hall be agreed upon in thac Behalf; which Mortgage may be in the Form or to the tiffed following; that is to fay,

*	"RX Virtue of an Ad made in the Forty-eighth Year of His Majefty

6 King George theThird, intituled, [herefet forth the Title of this A£f\ ‘ We, Five of the Truftees for executing the faid Act, in confideration e of the Sum of	this	Day paid to the Trealurer

*	of the faid Road, by	do	affign	unto	the

‘ faid	fuch	Proportion of the Tolls to

‘ arile upon the faid Road as the faid Sum of

«	lhall	bear	to	the	Whole	of the Principal Money for the Time

*	being due on Security of the faid Tolls, to hold the fame unto the laid

his Executors, Adminiftrators, and Affigns, until 4 the faid Sum of	with Intertft at tlie Rate of

per Centum-per Annumt dial 1 be fully paid. Dated this Dayot	in	the Year of our Lord

Co 'e to be	^°P‘es	°* Mortgages fhall be entered in a Book or Books to be

entered.0 'e kept for that Purpofe by the Clerk or Treafurer of the faid Road, and which faid Book or Bocks (hall and may, at all fealonable Times, be perufed and infpected without Fee or Reward $ and it (hall be lawful for all Perfons refpettivelv to whom any Mortgages lhall be made as alcrefaid, or who (hall be from Time to Time entitled to the Monty thereby leaned, to affign and transfer his, her, or their Right, Title and Intereft* in or to fuch Mortgage, and the Principal Money and Intereft thereby, lecured. Transfer to fo any other Perf* n or Perfons whomloever; which Tranter (hall be be entcied.	produced and notified to the faid Clerk or Treafurer uithin I hree Calen-

dar Months next after the Day of the Date thereof, who fliall enter the fame in the faid Book or Books, for which Entry the faid -Clerk or Trea-furcr (hall be paid the Sum of Three Shillings and Sixpence and no more ;

9*	and

2201

48°GEORGII III. Cap.it 3.

•nd fuch Transfer (hall then entitle fuch Affignee, his Executors, Admu niftrators, and Afligns to the full Beneficof ftnh Mortgage, Security, and every fuch AiTignce may in like Manner 2(Tign or transfer the fame, anti fo Mies quoties; and after fuch Entry as aforefaid, it fhall not be in the Power of any Perfon or Perfons who (hall have made fuch Transfer to releafe, difeharge, or make void the original Mortgage Security, or the Monies due thereon or any Part thereof-, and all Perfons to whom any Mortgage or Transfer (hall be made as aforefaid, fhall in Proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money thereby fecured, be Creditors on the Tolls by this Aft granted, in equal Degree one with another, ar^ fhall have no Preference in refpeft of the Priority of advancing their Monies, or of the Dates of their refpeftive Securities.

No Priority among Moit-graces.

XXVIII.	And be it further enafted, That all the Monies which, before Application of the Day of the Commencement of this Aft, fhall have been raifed and thsMoney. produced upon the Road comprized within the faid South Diftrift, and which fhall be undifpofed of on the Day of the Commencement of this Aft, and alfo all the Monies which fhall arife and be produced by or from the Tolls by this Aft granted or made payable, together with the Monies which fhall be borrowed upon the Credit thereof, and all other Monies which Hull arife and be produced by virtue tf this Aft, and not herein otherwife appropriated or direfted to be applied, fhall be veiled in the faid Truftees for the Time being, and applied to and for the feveral Uses,

Intents, and Purpo.es, and in the Order and Manner following, that is to fay, in the firft Place in Payment of all the Colts, Charges, and iixpenCes incident to or attending the obtaining and palling or this Aft, and in difeharging any Balance which fhall be due to the Treafurer or Treafurers of the laid Diftrift of Road, wirh lawful Intereft for the fame during the Forbearance thereof; in the fecond Place, in paying the Intereft accruing upon the ieveral Principal Sums of Monty which fhall from Time to Time be due and owing on Mortgage or Security of the Tolls granted by this Aft; in the third Place, in derraying the Expences of erefting and providing Turnpikes, Toll El >ufes, and other Buildings, and repairing the fame, and of altering, widening, turning, repairing, and improving the faid Road, and purebafing Lands for thofe Purpofes, and of executing the other Purpofes of this Aft; and laftly, in reducing, paying off, and difeharging fuch feveral Principal Sums as aforeLid: Provided always, Tnift<>es not that nothing in this Aft contained fhall authorize the faid Truftces c any	Jn

of them to repair or amend the Pavements of the Streets of any Town TovvnStreet*. through which the faid Road doth or may pafc.

XXIX.	And be it further enafted. That it fnall be lawful for the (aid Appointing Truftees, by Writing under their refpeftive Hands, to appoint One or 0(ficefi,&c. more Colieftor or Colleftors of the faid Toils, and One or more Clerk or Clerks, Treafurer or Treafurers, Surveyor or Surveyors of the laid Road, and fuch other Officers as the faid Truftees (hail think necefiary, and luch Colleftors, Clerks, Treafurers, Surveyors, and other Officers, or any of them, (rom Time to Time to remove, and on the Removal, Death, cr Rcfignation of any of-thrm, to appoint others in their Stead ; and the faid Truftees are hereby authorized to allow and pay to the feveral Colleftors,

Clerks, Treafurers, Surveyors, and other Officers, and to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall be afiifting in the Execution of this Aft, fuch Salaries and Allowances for their Trouble, Labour, and Service, as the faid Truftees [LK'&PerJ]	24	fhall

2202	4-8° GEORG 11 III. Gap.113.

fhall deem reafonable, and all fuch Officers and Perfons fhall from Time to Time, when thereunto required by the faid Truftees, deliver to them or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they fhall for that Purpole appoint, true, exad, and perfed Accounts in Writing under their refpedive Hands, upon Oath (which Oath any One or more of the faid Truftees is and are hereby empowered to adminifter) of all the Monies which they and every of them refptdively (hall have received to that Time by virtue of this Ad, and how much thereof hath been paid and difburfed, and for what Purpofe, together with the proper Vouchers for fuch Payments, and (hall pay all fu<?h Monies as (hall remain in their or any of their Hands to the faid Truftees, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they (hall appoint to receive the fame, and not otherwife; and if any fuch Officer or Perfon fhall refufe or negled to give fuch Account, or to produce and deliver up fuch Vouchers as aforefaid, or to verify the Articles thereof upon Oath, or to pay the Money due upon fuch Account in Manner aforefaid, or to deliver up to the faid Truftees, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they (hall appoint, within Ten Days after being thereunto required by the faid Truftees, all the Books, Papers, and Writings in his Cuftody or Power relating to the Execution of thi6 Ad, then and in every or any of the faid Cafes, it (hall be lawful for any Two cr more Juftices of the Peace for the County, Divifion, Diftrid, or Place where the Officer or Perfon fo making Default fhall be or refide, and fuch Juftices upon Complaint thereof made to them by any Two or more of the faid Truftees, are hereby authorized and required to make Enquiry concerning fuch Refufal, Default, or Neg-Jed, as well by the Confeffion of the Parties themfclves refpedively, as by the Teftitnony of any credible Witnefs or Witntffe: upon Oath, which Oath the faid Juftices or any of them are and is hereby empowered and required to adminifter without Fee or Reward; and if any fuch Officer or Perfon (hail be convided of any of the Offences aforefaid, fuch Juftices fhall upon fuch Convidion commit him to the Common Gaol or Hnufe of Corredion of the fame County or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he (hall have given or made fuch true and perfed Account and Payment as aforefaid, or until he fhall have compounded and agreed with the faid Truftees (which Compoficion the Truftees are hereby empowered to make) and (hall have paid fuch Competition in inch Manner as the faid Truftees (hall appoint, or until he (hall have delivered up fuch Books, Papers, and Writings as aforefaid, or made Satisfaction in refped thereof to the faid Truftees j provided that no Perfon (hall be fo committed as laft aforefaid for a longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

Truftees may XXX. And be it further enaded, That upon the Death, Incapacity *orarnt(Sn' or -^^cnce any Colledor of the Tolls, it (hall be (awful for any Three ■ lector?. or more of the (aid Truftees, though not aflemb’ed at a Meeting appointed in purl'uance of this Ad, by any Writing under their refpec-tive Hands, to nominate and appoint a proper Perfon to be a Colledor of the faid Tolls, to continue until the then next Meeting of the faidjTruftees, in the Place or Stead of fuch Colledor as lhall fo die or become incapable orabknt himfdf.

Treafurcrs, XXXI. And be it further enaded. That the faid Truftees (hall and s/cu%y.VC they arc hcreby r“quired t0 take fach Security from the Trcafurer or Treafurers, Receiver or Receivers, Colledor or Collcdors, and from

any

2203

48° GEORG 11 III. Ca-p.ii^

any other Officers tobe appointed in purfuance or for the Purpofes of this Ad, for the faithful Exeution of their refpcdive Offices as the (aid Tiuf-tees (hall think proper.

XXXII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That after the firft Nomination and Appointment of any Officers in purfuance of this Ad, no Truftee (hall be capable of voting or ading in any future Nomination or Appointment of any fuch Officer or Officers upon Death or any other Vacancy, unlefs fuch Truftee (hall have aded as a Truftee in the Execution of this Ad, at lead once within the Year preceding the Time that fuch Vacancy (hall happen, the only Evidence whereof (hall be his having figned the Order Book of thefaid Truftees.

XXXIII.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Paid Road for the Time being, and fuch other Perfon and Perfons as (bail be employed by fuch Surveyor, to cur, dig, gather, take and carry away any Furze, Heath, Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for repairing the Paid Road, in, upon, out of, and from any Wade Grounds, Commons, Common Quarries, Rivers, or Brooks in any Parifli, Townfhip, or Diftrid within or near to which the laid Road doth or (hall pafs, without paying any Thing for the f.me, fuch Surveyor or other Perfon or Perfons filling up the Pits and levelling the Ground from whence fuch Materials (ball be taken, or fufficiently fencing off fuch Pits, fo that the fame may not be dangerous to Pafiengers or Cattle ■, and in cafe fuch Materials cannot be conveniently had in fuch Wade Grounds, Common Quarries, Rivers, or Brooks as aforefaid, then to cur, dig, gather, take, and carry away any* fuch Materials as aforefaid in, upon, out of, or from and over any other Lands, Grounds, and Quarries (except as herein-after is mentioned) making fuch Compen-lation and Satisfaction for the Damage done to the Owners and Occupiers of fuch Lands, Grounds, and Quart ies where, through, and from whence the fame (ball be dug, gathered, taken, and carried away, or over which any Materials gotten in any Wade Ground, Common, Common Quarry, River, or Brook (hall be conveyed, as any Two or more of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the County, Divifion, or Diftridt in which the Lands arefituate (ball judge reafonable and (ball order and direct ; which Compenlation and Satisfaction Iball and may be levied or recovered in like Manner as any Penalties, Forfeitures or Fines are herein-after autho* rized to be levied or recovered.

XXXIV.	Provided always nevertheless, and be it further ena&ed, That

it (hall not be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons, under the Authority of this Aft, to dig, gather, take or carry away any fuch Materials as afore-laid in or from any inclofedor private Linds, Grounds, or Quarries, until after Trn Days previous Notice in Writing, figned by the (aid Surveyor or Come other Officer of the faid Truftees, (ball have been given to the relpecl.ve Owners or Occupiers of the Lands or Grounds from which fuch Materials are intended to be taken, or left at their ufual Place of Refidence refpeftively, requiring them to appear before Two or more Juftices of the Peace acting for the County, Divifion, or Diftrid in which the Lands are fituate, at a certain Time and Place to be fpecified in luch Notice, tolbew Caufe why fuch Materials fbould not be taken away ; and fuch Juftices, alter hearing the Parties concerned, lhall, ifiHey think proper, authorize ,*«	2	fuch

Truftees win* have not adfed in the preceding Year, not to vote on the ■ESedtion ot Officers.

Materials not to be taken from inclcfed Grounds, without an Order from Two Juflic^S,

*204	48°GEORGII	III.	Cap.	113.

fuch Surveyor or other Officer to dig, gather, take, and carry away fuch. Materials at fuch Time or Times and in fuch Manner as to fuch Juft ices fhall fecm proper-, or if fuch refpe&ive Owners or Occupiers Ihall not by

themfelves or their refpettive Agents attend purfuant to fuch Notice, fuch J ifttces may make fuch Order therein as they fhall think fir,, in the like Manner as if fuch refpe&ive Owners or Occupiers had attended purfuant to fuch Notice,

fakin^awa XXXV. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon cr Perfons fhall Matcnals got take or carry away any Materials which fhall have been dug or gathered by Surveyors. for the Purpofe of making or amending the faid Road, or fhall get or take away any Materials out of any Pic or Quarry which :ball have been made for the Purpofe of getting Materials for the faid Road, before the faid Surveyor or his Workmen (hall have difcontinued working therein for the Space of Thirty Days (except the Owners or Occupiers of any p- ivate Lands or Grounds, and the Perfon or Perfons authorized by fuch Owners or Occupiers) and who may get Materials therein for their own Ufe only, and not for the Ufe of any other Highway or for Sale, every Perfon fo offending and being lawfully convicted thereof fhall forfeit and pay a Sum, not exceeding Five Pounds, at the Difcreiion of the Jultice or Jufticei before whom fuch Offender fhall be convicted.

For prcvnit- XXXVI. And be it further enacted. That no Dung, Affies, Comport, tioDio^tbe" Manure,or other Thing fhall be unloaded or laid dow n upon the laid Road, Sides of the or upon any Moor, Common, or Wafte Ground, nearer to the Centre of Koad.	thc faicj Road than the Diftance of Thirty Feet, upon Pain that every Per-

fon fo offending and being lawfully convided thereof, fhall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Sniffings* and if after the Removal of any Inch Dung, Afhes, Comport, Manure, or other Thing as aforefaid, any Perfon fhall offend again in like Manner, every Perfon fo offending again, and being lawfully convided thereof, fhall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

Surveyors XXXVII. And be it further enacted. That it (hall be lawful for the faid Annoyances6. Surveyor and fuch Perfon or Perfons as he fhall appoint from Time to Time to remove and prevent all Nuifances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obftrudions on any Part or Parts of the laid Road, by Timber, Stone, Carriages, Sawpits, or other Pits, Allies, Dung, Filth, Rubbifh, or otherwife, and alfo to turn any Waterpouife.-, Gutters, Conduits, or Drains running into the fame to the Prejudice thereof, and to open, fcour, and cleanfe, deepen and enlarge any Gutter, Ditch, Conduit, or Water-courfe adjoining or near to any Part of the faid Road, and alfo to cut down, top, or lop at proper Seafons in the Year any Trees, Branches, or Buffies growing in the faid Road, or in the Hedges, Fences, Banka cr Grounds adjoining thereto, and to take and carry away the fame,in cafe the refpec*-live Owners or Occupiers of the Lands or Gioupds where fuch Annoyances fhall happen to be, fnall negled fo to do for Ten Days after Noiice in Writing given for that Purpofe under the Hand of fuch Surveyor, and the Charges thereof refpeclively (being fettled by the faid Truftees) fhall -be reimburfed to fuch Surveyor by fuch rtfpedive Owners or Occupiers fo negleding as aforefaid ; and in cafe fuch Charges fhall, not be paid-on Demand, the fame fhall be levied and recovered in like Manner as the Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines by this Ad authorized to be impofed

are

2205

48° GEORGII III. Cap. u3.

are herein-after directed to be levied and recovered; and if after the Removal of any fuch Nuifances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obfti u&ions as aforefaid, any Perfon (hall offend again in like Mannar, every Perfon fo offending again, and being lawfully convifted thereof, fhall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enabled. That it (hall be lawful for the Surveyorsem-faid Surveyor and Surveyors, and fuch Perfon or Perfons as he or they fe,JJovedfud-Jhall appoint from Time to Time without giving any previous Notice, denObitruc-to remove all fuch Earth, Trees, Roots of Trees, and other Things as VioticcI fhall fuddenly fall or be blown down from any Hedge, Bank, or Land,

into or upon any Part of the Lid Road by this Ad authorized to be repaired, fo as to narrow or obftrud the Paffage along the fame, and to carry and place the fame on any Wafte Ground near thereto, fo a^ the fame be no Annoyance to Travellersand fuch Surveyor or Surveyors fhall forthwith give Notice thereof to the Owners or Occupiers of the Lands from whence fuch Earth, Trees, Roots, or other Things, (hall fo Hide or fall, or be blown down as aforefaid, and the Charges of carrying away the fame (to be fettled by the faid Truftees) (hall be reimburfed and paid to fuch Surveyor or Surveyors by fuch Owners or Occupiers, and be recovered in fuch Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures for Offences againft this Ad are hereby direded to be recovered.

XXXIX,	And be it further enaded. That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall Penalty on wilfully fet, place, or leave any Timber, Stones, or other Thing whatfo- iSJcSo^f'or ever in or upon any Part or Parts of the faid Road, fo as to interrupt or hauling rim-hinder the free Paffage along the faid Road of any Carriage, or of any the^oad*. Perfon or Perfons, or fhall haul or draw or caufe to be hauled or drawn

upon any Part of the faid Road (excepting only in eroding the fame) any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwife than upon Wheeled Carriages, or fhall fuffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber which fhall be conveyed upon Wheeled Carriages to drag upon any Part of the faid Road to the Prejudice thereof, every Perfon fo offending in any of the Cafes laft mentioned, and being lawfully convided thereof, (hall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every fuch Offence.

XL. And be it further enaded. That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall ride Penalty on upon any Footway adjoining the faid Road by this Ad authorized to be	or

repaired, or (hall lead or drive any Horle, Afs, Cattle, Sheep or Swine, or caufin^Nui!' any Carriage on fuch Footway, or fhall caule any Damage to be clone f3"ce80r thereto, or fhall put or turn any Horfc, Afs, Sheep, Swine, or other ou theRo*d. Beaft or Cattle of any Kind into or upon the fa d Road or the Sides thereof, or if any Horfe, Ah, Sheep, Swine, Beaft, or Cattle fhall be found loofe or trefpaffing on the faid Road, or if any Perfon fhall (except in cafe of Accidents) leave any Coach, Chaife, Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, Plough or other Inftrument of Hufbandry, in or upon the Lid Road or the Sides thereof, either with or without any Horfc or Beaft; of Draught harntffed or yoked thereto, every Perfon fo offending, or the Owner of luch Cattle fo found trefpafling, fhall forfeit and pay for the firft Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings; and for the lecond and any fubfequent Offence, a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

!20&

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 113.

Surveyors XLl. Arid be it further enacted, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Cwfeway*, Surveyor and any other Peffon or Perfons bv Order of the faid Truflees, Drains, &c. to make Cauleways, and to cut and make Ditches, Drains, andWater-courfesin, upon, and on the Sides of the faid Road, and alfo through any Grounds lying contiguous thereto, and to erect, rebuild, and keep in repair Bridges and "Arches upon the faid Road, and acrofs any fuch Ditch, Drain, or Watercourfe as aforefaid, and to make fufficient Barriers and other Erections on any Part or Parts of the faid Road, in order to present the fame from being flooded or overflowed with Water, and to cut down and remove any Trees or Underwoods growing in or upon the faid Road or any Part thereof, where fuch Road is not Thirty Feec wide, and alfo to make or caufe to be made any tempoiary Road or R ads, through, over, and along the Grounds adjoining to any narrow or ruinous Part or Parrs of the faid Road (except as hereinafter is mentioned) to be made ufe of as a Road whilft the old Road (hall be repairing, and until the fame fhall be made fafe and convenient for Travellers, making fuch Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of fuch Ground lo to oc uled, cut through, or built upon, for the Damages which they or any of them (hall fuftain thereby, as the faid Truftecsfh ail judge reafonable; and in cafe any Difference fhall happen between fuch Owners or Occupiers and the faid Truflees touching fuch Damages, the fame fhall be fettled by the Juftices of the Peace for the Counry, Divifion, or Diftrict in which the Lands are fttuate, at their General or Quarter Sefiions of the Peace to be held for fuch County, Divifion, or D;ftricr, next after fuch Difference Owners re* fhall arife; and if any Owner or Occupier of any Watercourfe or Water-fufmgtwfcour courfes, Ditch or Dutches adjoining to the faid Road, fhall refufe cr toeftnfevon n^!?!ect to fcour, deepen, and cieanfe the fame Twice in every Year in luch may fet Men Manner as the faid Surveyor or fuch other Perfon or Perfons as afl/relaid fame^andthC 0r^er an(^ direct, after Ten Days Notice fhall be given for that Pur-kvy the pofe by fuch Surveyor, or other Perfon or Perfons/ then and in every fuch charge. Cafe it fhall be lawful for fuch Surveyor or other Perfon cr Perfons, and he and they is and are hereby authorized to employ any Perfon or Perfons to fcour, deepen and cieanfe the fame, and by Warrant from the faid Truflees to levy the Charge thereof upon the refpective Owners or Occupiers of fuch Watercourfe or Watercburfes, Ditch or Dicches, by Diflrcfs and Sale of h.s, her, or their Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus (if any) to him, her, or them, upon Demand.

Power to	XL1I. And be it further enadled. That it (hall be lawful fet the faii

^Vamfto Truflees or any Seven or more of them, and they are heieby authorized corporation', and empowered to make and repair, and from Time to Time to widen, &c. ;o fill. divert, fhorten, vary, turn, and alter the Courfe or Path .of any Part or Parts of the faid Road ; and every Variation maybe of any Width, not exceeding Sixty Feet, through any Walk Grounds, Commons, or uncultivated Lands, without making Satisfa&ion for the fame, and alfo through any private Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, not exceeding Forty Feet, incluflve of the Ditches and Fences on each Side thereof, not bein«-the Scite of or Ground whereon any Houle or Houfes ftand, or planted Walk, Yard, Garden, Park, Paddock, or Avenue to any Houfe, firlt making Satisfadion to the Owners and Occupiers thereof, and Pcrfons uv terefted therein, for the Damages they may fuftain thereby, and for that Purpofe it fhall be lawful for the faid Truflees or any Seven or more of them to treat, eontrad and agree with the Owners and Occupiers of 5	and

220

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 113*

and Perfons interefted in any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments for the Purchafeor Exchange thereof, or for the Lofs or Damage fuch Owners,

Occupiers, or Perfons may fuftain by the making, widening, diverting turning or altering the Courjfe or Path of any Part or Parts of the faid Road through fuch Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments; andit (hall be Lwfulfor all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole,

Tenants for Life, and Fee Tail General or Special, Hulbands, Guardians,

Truftees, or Feoffees in Truft, Committees, Executors, Adminiftrators, and all other Truftees whatfoever, not only for and on behalf of their Csfluique Trufts, whether Femes Covert, Infants, Iffue unborn Lunatics, Idiots, or other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, but alfo to, and for all Femes Covert who are or (hall be feifed of or interefted in their own Right, and to and for all and every Perfon and Perfons whomfoever who are or (hall be poffeffed of or interefted in any fuch Lands,

Grounds, or Hereditaments, to contract with the Tiuft es or any Seven or more of them for the Satisfaction to be made for fuch D images as afore-faid, or to fell and convey uito them, or .any Seven or more of them, all or any of luch Lands, Grounds, or Herediraments, or any Part thereof for the Purposes aforeLi i; and all Contrails, Sales, and Conveyances which fhall be fo made dial] be valid to all Intents and Purpofes, any Law,

Statute, Ulage or other Matter to the contrary notwithftanding; and all fuch Bodies Politic, Corporate or Coilegiare, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Hufbands, Guardians, Trullecs, Feoffees, Committees, Executors, Adminiftrators, and ail other Perfons ftiall be and are hereby indemnified for what they (hall do by virtue or in purfuance of this A<ft.

XI III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the fa'd Truf- ^Xruitees tees in making, widening, diverting, (hortening, varying, turning, or from deviat-altering the faid Road, (hall not deviate more than Forty Feet from the pJJE,no^*^,an Line or Courfe of the prefent Road without the Content and Approba- °r y etl‘ tion in Writing firft had and obtained of the Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, through whofe Lands or Grounds fuch Deviation (ball be made.

XLIV. And be it further ena&ed. That if any of fuch Owners, Pro- The *.°cora-prietors. Occupiers, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, C rp rations Aggregate or Sole, Truftees, or any other Perfon or Perfons interefted in jury in Cer-any fuch Lands or Grounds, upon Notice in Writing to him, her, or them, tam Cafc‘* given or left at the refpe&ive Dwelling Houfes or Places of Abode of fuch Perfon or Peifons, or of the Head Officer or Officers of fuch Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or at the Houfe of the Tenant in Pofieflion of he Lands or Grounds fo ro be taken in and added to any Part of the faid Read, or into which any Parc or Parts of luch Road is or are to be turned or altered as aforeiaid, (hall, by the Space of Ten Days after fuch Notice given or left as aforefaid, neg-lc£t or refufe to treat, or (hall not agree in the Premiles, or by reafun of Able nee (hall be prevented from treating, then and in every or any fuch Cale the faid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, (hall caufe it to be enquired into and alter tained, by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the County where the Lands are fituate (which Oaths any One or more of the faid Truftees is and are hereby empowered and required to adminifter) what Damages will be fuftained by and what Recompence a id Satisfaction (hall be made to fuch Owners, Occupiers,

2 208

48° GE0RGI1 III. Cap. 113.

or other Perfon or Peffons interefted for or on account of the taking of fuch Linds or Grounds into the faid Road, or of turning any Parc or Parts of fuch Road into or through the fame Lands or Grounds ■, and in order thereto the faid Truftees or any Seven or more of them are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time, as Occafion fhall require, to fummon and call before the faid Jury and examine upon Oath all and every Perfon or Perfons whoinfoever who (hall be thought neceflary and proper to be examined as a Witnefs or Witnefies touching or concerning the Premifes (which Oath any One or more of the faid Truftees is and are hereby empowered to adminifter) and they (hall alio order and caufe the faid Jury to view the Places in Queftion, if there be Occaiion, and ufe all other lawful Ways and Means as well for their own as for the Jury’s better Information in the Premifes, as the faid Truftees or any Seven or more of them (hall think fit; and after the laid Jury (hall have enqui:ed of, jtfeertained, and fettled fuch Damage, Recompence, and Satisfaction, the faid Truftees or any Seven or more of them (hall thereupon order the Sum or Sums of Money fo affeffed by the faid Jury to be paid to the faid Owners or Occupiers of or other Perfons interefted in the laid Lands or Grounds according to luch VerdiCt or Inquifition of the faid Jury, which 1 heir VerJict L*d Verdift or Inquifition, and Order fo had and made (hall Oe final, to be final. binding, and conclufive to all Intents and Purpofes againft all Parties and Perfons whomfoever claiming any Eftate in Fee Simple, or Fee Tail for Life or Lives, or Years in Poffeflion, Reverfion, Remainder or otherwifr, their Heirs, Succeffors, Executors, Adminiftratois, Infants Iffue unborn Femes Coverts, Perfons beyond the Seas, or under any other Dilability what-foever. Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corp orations Aggregate Sheriff to fum- or Sole, as well as all other Perfons whomsoever; and for the fummoning ii»on Jury.	and returning of fuch Jury or Juries, the faid Truftees, or any Seven or

mere of them, are hereby empowered to iffue their Warrant or Wa-rants to the Sheriff of the Coumy where the Lands are fituate j or in cafe luch Sheriff or his Deputy or Deputies (hall be any wife interefted in the Matter in Queftion, then to fome one of the Coroners cf the fame County not interefted therein, thereby commanding and requiring fuch Sheriff or Coroner to cmpannel, fummon, and return a Jury of Twenty-four honed and indifferent Men qualified according to Law, to be returned for Trials of Ilfues in His Majefty’s Courts of Record at WeJljninJier, to appear before the faid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, at fuch Time and Place as in fuch Warrants (hall be appointed and the faid Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, or the faid Coroner, is and are hereby required to empannel, fummon, and return fuch Number accordingly, and out of the Perfons fo empanrelled, I'ummoned, and returned, or out of fuch of them as fhall appear upon fuch Summons, the faid Truftees or any One or more of them (hail fwear or caufe to be (worn Twelve who (hall be a Jury lor the Purpofes aforefaid; and in Default of a (ufficienc Number of Jurymen, the faid Sheriff, hij Deputy or Deputies, or the faid Coroner, (hall return other honed and indifferent Men of the Standers by, or that can be fptedily procured to attend that Service (being qualified as iaft aforefaid) to the Number of Twelve, and all Perfons concerned (hall have their lawful Challenges againft any of the faid Jurymen when they come to lie l'worn, but (hall not challenge the Array •, and the faid Truftees or any Seven or more of them acting in the Premifes, (hall have Power from Time to Time to impole any reafonable Fine or Fines on the laid Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents, or

on

«

Or

1)1

n'°g

Mi

lot

«>’< tn Qf

id ei,

»<k

Sum i&d i^s oc *hich

sari

Ulfol ■rwi(r, otxwa I whtr. W«

WJnittg

CfWOf

irjnti t luch Hiaer ty not

riff or honeft Trials r.eforc

: Bm

Deputy

jijincl, onsfo ibffR r any wire lit of pua«-S of th« xr»i® pc/fca

;lfld

triffS

Tfico?

ts, ^ cu

48°GEORGII III. Cap.wi*	2209

on fuch Coroner making Default in the Premifes, or on any of the PfiTons Sherjffto be that (hall be fummoned and returned on futh Jury, and fhaJl not appear, jed'o^Duty? or who fhall refufe to be fworn on the faid Jury, or being (o fworn refufmg to give or not giving their Verdift, or in any other Manner wilfully neglecting their Duty therein contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Adi, and on any of the Perfons who being required to give Evidence before the laid Jury touching the Premifes, (hall refufe or neglect to appear, or appearing (hall refufe to be (worn and give Evidence ; provided that no fuch Fine (hall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds upon any fuch Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, or Coroner, or the Sum of Five Pounds on any other Perfon for any one Offence.

XLV. And be it further enabled. That in cafe any Jury or Julies to%e For paying fummoned and (worn purfuant to the Authority of this Aft fhall give in Expenteauf and deliver a Verdift or Affefftnent for more Money as a Recompmce or Juue’* Satisfaction for the Right, Intcreff, or Property of any Perton or Perfons in any fuch Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or for any Lofs or Damage to be by him, her, or them fuftained, than what fhall have been agreed to and offered by the faid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, before the furmroning and returning of the faid Jury or Juries, as a Recdmpence or Satisfaction for any fuch Right, Intereft,' of Property, or for anv Lots pr Damage as afo efaid, then and in fuch Cafe the Cofts and Expences of lummoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnefies, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining of fuch Differences (hall be borne and paid by the Treafurer to the faid Truftees, out of any Money which (hall then be in his Hands, or out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Aft v but if any Jury or Juries fo fummoned a d fworn as aforefaid (hail give in and deliver a Verdift or AflVffment for no mote or for lc!s Money than (hall have been agreed to and offered by the faid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, before the fummbning or returning of the (aid Jury O'-Jufes, as a Recompence and Satisfaftioo for any fuch Right, Intereft, or Property in any luch Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or Lodes or Damages as aforefaid, then the Cofts and Expences of-'um-fftoning and maintaining the faid Jury and Wirneffes, and all otner Expences as fcforefaid, fhall be borne and paid by the Perfon or PaTons with whom the Lid Truftees (hall have fuch Controverfy orDifpute; which faid Cofts and Expences having been afeertained and fettled by fonv Juftice of the Peace for the County, Diftrift, or Place, wherein the Cauie of Dif-pute (hali at'tfe, hot iriterefted i?» the Matter in Qucftion (who is hereby required to examine and fettle the fame) (hall and may be deducted out of the Money fo affefied and adjudged, as lo much Money adv.mitd to and for the Ufe of luch Perfon c* Perfons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of fuch Monies (had be deemed and taken Xo all Intents and Puipofes to be a Payment oj Tender of the whole S,,m or Sums fo affeffed and adjudged, other wife fuch Cofts and Expences, in c.fe the i\me be not paid on Demand after being fo afeertained and fettled as aforrfaid, may be recovered by the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Truftees, by the Ways and Means herein provided for the Recovery of Penalties aridTVteit .res;

Provided always, rhat in all,Cafes where any Perfon :or Perfons fhall by reaion of Abfence have been prevented from treating, fuch Cofts (hall be borne and paid by the Lid Truilees, or any Seven or mote of them, in Manner aforefaid.

[Loc. & Pcr.]	25 A XLVI.	And

2210

How the Par-chafe Money is to be paid.

Truftees may

fell or exchange any Part of the old Rozd,

Road fliali be made in lieu

No Bni'dinf • to be da jraged or G-trden Ground, &c. to be take* fm- the Pur. pofta of this Ait.

Road* d>f* continued

paired*

48° GEORGII Hi. Cap. ill.

XLVI. And be it further enabled, That every Sum of Money, Reconr pence, and Satisfaction which dial I be agreed for or affrffed as aforefaid /hall be paid out of the Monies which (hail arife and be produced by virtue of this Ad to the Parties or Perfons refpedivelv entitled thereto, or to their Agents, and upon Payment thereof, or in cafe of Refufal to accept the fame upon leaving the fame in the Hands of the Treafurer of the laid Road tor the Ufe of fuch Parties or Perfons or their Agents all Owners and Occupiers of and Perfons interefted in fuch Lands or Grounds (hall from thenceforth be diverted of all Right, Title, Claim, Interert, and Property of, in, to, or out of the fame; and fuch Lands or Grounds (hall be laid into and made Part of the faid Road, in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees or any Seven or more of them (hall dired, and (hall be by them or by fuch Perfon or Perfons as they or any Seven or more of them (hall appoint, fufficiendy drained, ditched, fenced, and fet out for that Purpofe, and (hall from thenceforth to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever become and for ever afterwards be a common Highway, and (hall be deemed Parc of the Road, to be repaired by virtue of this Ad, and (hall be repaired accordingly; and after fuch new Road (hall be compleated, the Lands conftitucing the former Road, or any Parc thereof, unlcfs leading over fome Moor or Wafte Ground, or to or through fome Town, Village or Hamlet to or through which fuch new Road doth not lead or part, (hall be verted in the faid Truftees for the Time being, and fuch Truftees or any Seven or more of them (ball fell and convey the fame for the beft Price that can be gotten, and the Money arifing from fuch Sale (hall be applied for the Purpofes of this Ad, and the faid Truftees or any Seven or more of them are hereby empowered to give in Exchange any Part or Parts of the Lands conftituiing the foimer Roads for any Part or Parts of fuch new Road, and the Sale or Sales, Conveyance or Conveyances, Exchange or Exchanges, to be made of fuch Lands or Grounds, being executed by the (aid Truftees or any Seven or more of them, (hall be good and tffrdual in Law to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That nothing in this Ad contained lhall empower the faid Truftees or any of them, or any other Perfon or Perfons to pull down or damage any Dwelling Houfe or other Building, or to take, ufe, or poffefs any Ground having been ufed as a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Walk, or Avenue ro a Houfe, or Plantation or Nurfery of Trees, for the Space of TwelveCalendarMonths then Iaft part, without the Confent in Writing of the Owner or Owners of every fuch Dwelling Houfe or otherBuilding, Garden, Orchard, Yard, Walk, Avenue or Plantation or Nurfery of Trees refpedively, his, her, or their Agent or Agents, under their refpedive Hands for that Purpofe firft had and obtained.

XLVIU. Provided a lib, and be it further enaded, That in cafe the ancient or former Road over any Moor or Wafte Grounds, (hall by virtue of this Act be tamed or diverted, the Inhabitants of the Parifh, Town-(hip or Hamlet wherein the ancient or former Road which (hall thereby be left ordifeontinued (hall be (ituate, (hall not be obliged to repair fuch ancient or former Road, unlefs the lame lead = to fome Tow-n, Village, or Hamlet, with which the new Road doth not communicate.

5

XHX. Provided

2211

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 113,

XLIX. Provided always and be it further ena&ed, That the faid Triif- p;'er'e^"f oIj teei, before they (hall fell and difpofe of any Piece or Pieces of old Roads, r0,h o be lhall firlf offer the fame to the Perfon or Perlons whole Lands (hall adjoin one J for thereto, and in cafeluch Perfon or Perfons re'ptffively fliall not then and

Pr> p ietors

thereupon agree, or (hall refule to purchafe the fame refpeftively, ?f tIlc *^gom*

any affidavit to be made and fworn before a Mader Extraordinary in the lng ,na8‘

High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majcfty*s Jullices of the

Peace by fome Perfon or Perfons not interested, dating that fuch Offer

was made by or on the Behalf of the faid Trudees, and that fuch Offer

was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refufed by the Perfon or

Perfons to whom the fame was fo offered, (hall be fuflicient Evidence and

Proof that fuch Offer was made and not agreed to, or was refufed by the

Perfon or Pet Tons to whom fuch Offer was made (as the Cafe may be) and

in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall be dedrous of purchafing the lame,

and he, (he, or they and the faid Trudees (hall differ and not agree with

refpeftco the Price thereof, in fuch Cafe the Price or Prices thereof (hall

be afeertained by a Jury in Manner herein-before direfted with refpeft to

difputed Value of Lands tobe puichafed by the faid Trudees in purfuarice

of this Aft, and the Expence of hearing and determining fuch Difference

(hall be borne and paid in like Manner as herein direfted with refpeft to

Purchafes made by the faid Trudees mutatis mutandis \ and the Money to

arife by ihe Sale or Sales which may be made by the faid Trudees as afore-

faid (hall be applied to the Purpofes of this Aft, but the Purchafer or Pur-

chafers thereof lhall not be anfwcrableor accountable for any Mifapplication

or Non-application of fuch Money : Frovided alfo, that no Perfon (hall aft ^^“*icnr0t

as a Trultee in any Cafe relating to the contrafting for or purchafing of intereited.r*

any Lands, Grounds or Hereditaments, wherein he (hall be perfonally

intereded.

L. And be it further enafted, That if any Money lhall be agreed or Application of affeffed to be paid, for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pur- otu_J|[!neratlon chafed, taken, or ufed by virtue of this Aft, which (hall belong to any amounting to Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, *°°1, Feoffees in Trud, Guardians, Committees, Trudees, Fonts Coverts, or other incapacicatsdPerfon or Perfons, fuch Money (hall, if the fame amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with ail convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trudees for executing this Aft, to the Intent thac fuch Money (hall be paid under the Direftion and with the Approbation of the faid Court, (to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a luminary Way by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,) in the Purchafe of the Land Tax, or Difcharge of any Debt orDebts, or fuch other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the faid Court (hall authorize to be paid, affefting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affefting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, danding fettled to the fame or the like Ufes, Inrents, or Purpofes; or where fuch Money lhall not be fo applied, then the* fame (hall be laid out and inveded, under the like Direftion and Approbation of the faid Court, in ch« Purchafe of other Mdfuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which lhall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufcs, Trufts,

Intent!,'jand Ptirpofrs, and in the fame Manner as the Hereditaments,

which

2212

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 113.

which fhall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid, flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement (hall be exiting undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until fuch Purchafe fhall be made, the faid Money fhall by Order of tbe Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the faid Accountant-General in his Name, in the Purchafe of the Three Pounds per Centum Con-folidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and ill the mean Time and until the faid Bank Annuities (hall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the faid Confolidated Bank Annuities or Reduced Bank Annuities fhall, from Time to Time, be paid, by Order of the laid Court, to the Perfon or Pcrfons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the laid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, fo hereby directed to be purchased in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

If under 400I. LI. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That if any Money,

and exceeding 3gree(] or affeffed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchaled, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging to any Body Politick, or to any Perlon or Perfons under Difability or Incapacity as aforefaid, lhail be lefs than the Sum ot Two hundred Pounds, and fhall exceed the Sum of Twenty P unds, thin and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhalJ, at the Oprion of the Perfon or Pc-rons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments, fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guar ia- s. Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fig-nified in Writing under their refpedtive Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privicy of the faid Accountant Gemr.il of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herem-before direcled, or otberwife the fame fhall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Truftees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Three or more of the Truftees for executing this Aft (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in Order that fuch principal Money, and the Dividends arifing thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before direfted, fo far as the Cafe (hall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Directions or Approbation of the Court ot Chancery.

If under zof. LIT. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That when fuch Money, fo agreed or aflefted to be paid as herein-before mentioned, fhall be lefs than Twenty Pounds, chen and in all fuch Gales the fame fhall be applied to the Ufeof the Perfon or Peifons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Piofits of the Hereditaments, fo purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Puipofesof this Act, in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them fhall think fit-, or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpe&ively.

in cafe of not LIU. And be it fuither enacted. That i.i cafe i he Purlin or Perfons, t0 whom any Sum or Sums of Money (hall be awarded or affiifrd for

_ny

2213

48" GEORGII III. Cap. 113.

any Lands, Tenements, cr Hereditaments, to be purchafed by virtue of this Aft, (hall refufe to accepc the fame, or (hall not be able to make a good Ficle to the Premifes, to the Satisfaction of the faid Truftces, or in cafe the Pcrlon or Perfons to whom l’uch Sum or Sums of Money fhall be lo awarded or aflefled as aforelaid, cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or difeovered, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall be lawful for the faid Truftces, to order the Sum or Sums of Money lo awarded or aflefied as aforelaid, to be paid into the frank of England, in rheName and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to theCredit of the Par-lies interefted in the laid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (deferibing them), fubjeCt to the Order, Controul, and Dilpofition of the faid Court of Chancery; which faid Couit on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Morion or Petition, fhall be, and is hereby empowered in a fummary Way of Proceeding, or otherwife, as to the fame Court fhall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the Public Fund;, and to order Diftribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpective Ertate or Eftates, Title or Intereft, of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court fhall feem juft and reafonabie, and the Cafhier or Calhiers of the Bank of England, who fhall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecitying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall pay any luch Sum or Sums into the Bank as aforelaid.

L1V. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That where any Quef- where any tion (hall arilc touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Ac- ths nt!e”oS countant-General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of this Ad, Money to be for the Purchale of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of fons\vhomay any Ertate, Righr, or Intereft in any Lands, Tenements or Heredita- be in PofTtflion ments, to be purchafed, in purfuance thereof, or to any Bank Annui-ties to be purchafed with 3ny fuch Money, or to the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who fhall have been in Polfeflion of fuch Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments* at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the PoflelTion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, (hall be deemed and taken to be lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch PofTeflion, until the contrary fhall be Ihewn to the Satisfaction of the Court of Chancery j and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Monev, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annu.ties, fhall be paid, applied, and difpoled of accordingly^ unlefs it fhall be made appear to the faid Court that luch PoflelTion was a wrongful PoflelTion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Ertate or Intereft therein.

LV. Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, Thar where, by reafon of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons or Corporation, °rdcrExper. entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed	K.urc^'

I Lee. V Per.]	25 B	under

2214

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 113.

under the Authority of this A6t, the Purchafe Money for the fame fhall be required to be paid into the faid Court, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes, in purfuanceof this Aft, it fhall be lawful for the faid Court to order the Expences of all Purchafes, from Time to Time, to be made in purfuance of this A <ft, or fo much of fuch fcxpences as the Court fhail deem reafonable, together with the necelfary Cofts and Charges of obtaining fuch Order, to be paid by the faid Truftees, who fhall from Time n Time pay fuch Sums cf Money, for fuch Purposes as the faid Court lhall direft.

New Roads to LVI. And be it further ena&ed, That in all Cafes where the faid Truf-?he Truftees!* tees widen, turn, or alter any Port or Parts of the laid Road, or make any new Road over and through any indofed Lands or Grounds, the faid Truftees fhall make or caufe to be made Quiekfct or other proper Fences where neceflary, as the Cafe fhall require-, lo as effectually to guard and fence off the Lands adjoining to the faid Road, and alfo proper Gates, Bridges, and Arches, where necelfary, out of the faid Road into the Lands adjoining and fhall keep the Quickfet or other Fences fo to be made, in proper Order and Repair for the Term of Six Years from the Time luch Quickfet Fences lhall have been made and planted.

Perfons liable LVII. Provided always, and be it further enatfted, That where any chargeable t0 particular Part or Parts of the faid Road, ot any Bridges, Arches, Drains, the Repair of Sewers, or Watercourfcs lying in and upon the fame Road, have been Bridp^to accuftomed or ought to be repaired and maintained by any particular continue lo. Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, by reifon of the Tenure of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or by the faid Counties of Lincoln or Rutland, or any Divifion, Diftritff, Ward, Parifh, or Townlhip therein or otherwife howfoever, all and every fuch Part or Parts of the faid Road, and all fuch Bridges, Arches, Drains, Sewers, and Watercourfes, fhall from Time to Time be maintained and kept in Repair by fuch Per-fan or Perfon?, Bodies Politic and Corporate, County, Divifion, Diftritft, Wards, Parifhes, or Townfhips refpe&ively, in fuch Manner as the fame ought to have been refpeftivelv maintained and kept in Repair in cafe ■Statute Work this A<5t had not been made: Provided always, that all Perfons by Law iiuecb contl’ chargeable towards repairing any Part or Parts of the faid Road, or any Bridges thereon, fhall ftill remain fo chargeable, and fhall do their refpec-tive Statute and other Work in or upon the other Highways of the Parifhes, 'lownfhips, or Diftri&s in which the faid Road doth or fhall lie, in like Manner as before the paffing of this Act (fubjett neverthelefs to the Regulations herein-after expreffed concerning the fame); and where any old Road fhall be difeontinued by virtue of this Acf, fuch Statute or other Work fhall be performed upon the new Road made in lieu thereof.

How the Sta-	LVI 11. And, for afeertaining and determining what Part of the Starure

Jo* be^poJ! Work ought to be performed on the faid Road by the Inhabitants of the tioned} feveral Parifhes, Townfhips, and Diftri&s through which the faid Road dorh or may pafs, be it further enatted. That it fhall be lawful for any Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the County, Divifion, or Diftrift in which the Parifh or Township is fituate, and they are hereby required, at any Petty or Special Sefiions of the Peace, upon Application to them

made

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 113.

made by the faid Truftees to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work (ball yearly and every Year be done in and upon the Iload hereby directed to be repaired, by the Inhabitants of each or any of the Parilhes, Townfhips, or Diftrids in or through which the faid Road doth or may pafs.

LIX. And be it further en ded, That the refpedive Surveyors of the and Highways in all the Parifhes, Townfhips, and Diftrids through which the *ornr faid Road doth or may pafs, (hall yearly and every Year during the Continuance of this Ad, within Ten Days alter Demand made to them refpedively in Writing by the TreTurer, Clerk, or Surveyor of the fa\d Road in purfuance of an Order under the Hands of Two or more acting Juftices of the Peace for the County, Divifion, or Diftrid in which the Parifh or Townfhip is fituate, give and deliver to the Perfon making fuch Demand a true and exad Lift or Account in Writing under their refpec-tive Hands, of the Chriftian and Surname of every Perfon in their faid refpedive Parilhes, Townfhips, and Diftrids, who are by Law chargeable towards repairing the faid Road in fuch Parifhes, Townfhips, and Diftrids, and (hall fet forth in fuch Lift what each Perfon is refpedively chargeable with for and towards the fame, and alio the full Rent or Annual Value of Lands, Woods, Tythes, and Hereditaments, in each of fuch Perfon’s Occupation; and fuch refpedive Parifh or Townfhip Surveyors, within Four Days after Notice to them given by the faid Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors, of the Timeor Times when and where and howm any of the Perfons fo chargeable as aforefaid he would have to perform their refpedive Statute or Days Work, (hail fummon or give Notice thereof in the Mode preferibed by Law to the Perfon fo chargeable as aforefaid; and if any fuch Parifh or Townfhip Surveyor or Surveyors, fhall negled or refufe to do as he or they is and are hereby required and direded to do, or fhall wilfully return incorred or impeded Lifts, he and they fhall refpedively forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds for every fuch Refulal or Negled; and if any Perfon or Perfons keeping a Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Cart or Carts, Wain or Wains, and chargeable towards repairing the faid Road, fhall after fuch Summons or Notice as aforefaid negled or refufe to fend their refpedive Teams, Draughts, Carts, or Wains, furnifhed with Labourers and Oxen or Horfes according to the Cuftom of the Country, and proper Tools to do and perform fuch their refpedive Days Work upon the faid Road fo to be adjudged and apportioned as aforefaid, he, (he, or they fo neglcding or refufing (hall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding TenShillings for every Day that each Team, Draught, Cart, or Wain fhall be wanting, or fhall not be duly employed in that Service; and if any Labourers or other Perfons fo chargeable towards lepairing the faid Road (hall at any Time negled or refufe (after fuch Summons or Notice as aforefaid) to do and perform fuch their refpedive Days Work upon the fame Road, they fhall refpedively forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence for ever y Day’s Negled; and if any Perfon or Perfons who fhall according to fuch Summons or No'ice as afore aid, come to work as Labourers, or fhall be fent with any Team, Draught, Cart, or Wain to work on the faid Road, fhall be found idle or negligent by the faid Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors refpedively, where the Work is to be done, then and in every fuch Cafe fuch Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors may and is and are hereby authorized and required -to difeharge and difmifs every fuch Perfon or Perfons who lhall be fo found *9	idle

.2 2I-6

The Truftees may compel Surveyors of Highways to

Compofition

Money.

Statute and other Woik

pounded for*

powers to recover the Compofition Money for Tolls, Statute and other Work.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 113.

idle or negligent, or not doing their Work, and it /hall be deemed and taken as it fuch Perfons had not come, or as it luch Team, Wain Draught, or Cart had not been fent to work on the faid Road, and the Tame Sum (hall be accordingly forfeited and paid ; and if any Sraiute Work thall not be performed within the Year in which the fame is due, the fame thall be performed in the Courle of the fucceeding Year.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That ir (hall be lawful for any Two or more ading Juftices of the Peace for the faid Counties of Lincoln or Rutland, or any Divifion or Diftrid therein refpedively, by Writing under their Hands, to fummon all, every, or any of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of all, every, or any of the Parifhes or Places (the Inhabitants whereof (hall be liable to perform Statute Work on the Road by this Ad authorized to be repaired) to appear before the fa’d Juftices, and there to deliver in to them a fu'l, true, ansi juft Account in Writing of all Sums of Money by them ttfpedivelv received for, in lieu of, or by way of Compofition for Statute Work in their feveralor refpedive Parilhes or Places (which Account (hall be verified upon Oath); and in cafe the Perfon or Perfons fo fummoned fhall negled to appear at the Time and Place therein appointed, or fhall refule or negled to deliver in fuch Account as aforefaid, or if required io verify the fame upon Oath, or to pay to the Treafurer of the faid Road, or as the laid Juftices fhall dired, within Five Days from the Time of producing the faid Accounts, or whereon the fame ought to have been produced, fuch proportionable Part of all fuch Compofition Money as fuch Surveyor or Suiveyors or any of them fhall have received, or without their wilful Negled or Default might have been received, that then and in ail or any of the faid Cafes the Perfon or Perfons fo offending thall for every feparate Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LXI. And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Truftees from Time to Time to compound and agree by the Year or otherwife with the Owners or Occupiers of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Perfms, Body Politic or Corporate, liable to or chargeable with or towards the Repair of any Pan or Parts of the faid Road, or any Bridges, Arches, Drains, Sewers, or Watercourfes lying in and upon the fame, or the Performance of Statute Work thereon, for the Payment of a Sum or Sums of Money in lieu of fuch Repairs and Statute Work refpedively, and alfo for therelpedive Surveyors of the Highways of atiy of the faid Parifhes, Townfhips, and.Diftrids through which the faid Road (hall pafs, to compound and agree by the Year or otherwife with the faid Truftees for and in lieu of the Statute Work to be performed by the Inhabitants of fuch Parifiies, Townfhips, and Diftrids upon any Parc or Parts of the faid Road.

LXII. And be it further enaded, That in cafe the Compofition Money agreed to be paid for palling through any Turnpikes or Toll Gates, or in lieu of any fuch Repairs or Statute Work as aforefaid, or any Part or Parts of fuch Compofition Money refpedively, fhall not be paid within Fifteen Days after the fame (hall become payable, it (hall be lawful for any Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the Counties of Lincoln or Rut*

land>

2217

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 113.

land9 or any Divifion or Diftrid therein refpedively, by Writing under their refpedive Hands and Seals, ro empower the Per Ion or Perfons authorized to receive fuch Compofition Money (Oath having been firft made before fuch Juftices that the lame hath been demanded and remains due, which Oath they are hereby refpedively empowered and required to adminifter) to levy fuch Compofition Money by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways cr other Per Ion or Perfons fo having compounded or agreed to pay fuch Compofition Money as aforefaid, returning the Overplus (if any) after deducting fuch Compofition Money, and the realonable Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, upon Demand to the Owner or Owners thereof.

LXIII. And be it further enacted. That the refpedive Surveyors of the How Survey-Highways who fhall pay any fuch Compofition Money, or of whom the j^^ways are fame (hall be recovered as aforefaid, (hall be repaid or reimburfed the tohereim-Compofuion Money paid by or recovered of them refpedively, with the co^^Jidon Cofts and Charges attending fuch Recovery, by the feveral Ways and Money. Means and. in fuch Manner as by the Laws in being Surveyors of the Highways are to be.repaid or rcimbuifed the Monies by them expended in buj-ing Materials for repairing the laid Highways.

LXIV. And be it further enaded, That the faicl Truftees or fuch Per- Truftees may fan or Perfons as they fhall for that Purpofe appoint, are hereby empow-	for

ered to contract with any PcTlon or Perfons for making, altering, raifing, widening, and repairing the laid Road, or any Part or Parts thereof, reflectively, or any Arches or Bridges upon the fame, and for doing any other Work by this Ad authorized to be done, in fuch Manner and for fuch Sum or Sums of Money as the faicl Truftees fhall think proper, and all Contrads in Writing for any of the Purpofes aforefaid which fhall be entered into purfuant to an Order made at any Meeting by the Paid Truftees, fhall be binding to all Parties who fhall fign the fame, his, her, and their Executors and Adminiftrators, and that A&ions and Suits may be maintained thereon, and Damages and Cofts recovered againft the Parties failing in the Execution thereof.

LXV. And be it further enaded, That the faid Truftees fhall caufe Mfleftoireaand Milestones or Pofts to be fet up and from Time to Time renewed on the potato be Sides thereof refpedively, with Infcriptions thereon denoting the Num- ere&ed. ber of Miles and Diftances of Places, and alfo Direction Pofts where any other Roads lead out of or into the fame Road ; and if any Pcrfon or Per-fons fhall wilfully break, pull down, deftroy, or damage any of the Stones or Pods'which fhall be fo fixed or fet up, or erafe, obliterate, or deface any of the Infcriptions or Letters which fhall be engraven or made thereon, or any Part thereof, or caufe or procure the fame to be done, every Per-fon fo offending and being lawfully convided thereof fhall forfeit and pay •a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, at the Difcretion of the Juftice or Juftices before whom fuch Offender (hall be convided.

LX VI. And be it further enaded, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and How Penal. Finc.<, by this Ad impofed or authorized to be impofed, (the Manner of *■«. Foifci-levying and recovering of which is not herein otherwileparticularly di reded) pSareto fhall upon Proof of the Offences and Convidion of the Offenders refpec- be recovered \_Loc. esf ?er.~\	25	C	lively	and aPPIicd-

48* GEOROII III. Cap. 113.

lively before any One or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace for the County, Divifion, or Diftrift wherein fuch Offences fhall be committed, either by the Corfcffion of the Party or Parties offending, or bv the Oath of One or more credible Wirnefs or Witnefics, be levir d by Dillr-. fs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by v:nue of a Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of fuch Juftice or Juftices (which Warrant or Warrants fuch Juftice or Juiliccs is arid are hereby authorized and required to grant, and to admi-nifter fuch Oath), and the Overplus, after fuch Penalties. Forfeitures, and Fines and the Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale are deducted, (lull L*e re urnedon Demand to the Owner or O wners of fuch Goods and Chattels, and all fuch Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, (if not otherwffe direfted by this Aft) fhall be pail to the Did Truftees or their Trcafurcs and apphed for the Purpofcs of this Aft; and in cafe f fficient Diftreft ftiall not be found, and fuch Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines fhall not be forthwith paid, fuch Juftice and Juftices is and are hereby authorized and required by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to caufe fuch Offender or Offenders ro be committed to the Common Gaol or Houfe cf-Correftion for fuch County, Divifion, or Diftrift, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding She Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Penalties, Forfeitures, and. hines, and all reafonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, (hall be fooner paid and latisfied.

LXVH. Ard whereas Offences may be committed againft this Aft by Perfons unknown to the Truftees, Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers ‘ " or perfons employed in the Execution thereof; be it therefore further enafted. That it fha'l be lawful for the faid Truftees, Colieftors, Surveyors or other Officers, or other Perfons rtfpeftively, and fuch other Pe.fon or Perfons as he or they (hall call to his or their Affiftance, without any Warrant or o;her Authority than this Aft, to feife and detain any fuch unknown Perfon or Perfons who (hall commit any fuch Offence or Offences, anci ro convey him, her, or them, before any Ji.fticeof the Peace for the County, Divifion, or Diftrift where the Offence cr Offences fhall be committed; and f ch Juft:ce is hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the hearing and determining of the Complaint, and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, by the Juftice before v/hpm he, (he, or they (hall be taken, it fiiaii be lawful for fuch Juftice or Juftices refpeftively, to commit him, her, or them to the Gaol or Houfe or Cotrection for the County, Divifion, or Diftrift where the Offence fin 11 have been committed, there to remain tor any Time not exceeding F uitcen D?y>, unlefs he, (he, or they (hall fooner pay the ref-prftive Penalty by him, her, or them incurred for fuch Offence or Offerees, together with the Cofts and Charges attending the Conviftion ond Commitment.

LX VIII. And, for the more eafy Conviftion of Offenders againft this Aft, be it therefore enafted, That the Juftice or Juftices of the Peace before whom any Perfon or Perfons fhall be convicted of any Offence againft this Aft, may caufe the Conviftion to be drawn up in the Form or in Words to the Effect following, mutatis mutandis^ as the Cafe fhall happen to be.

BE

a8° GEORGII III. Cap. u*.

2219

f 4 Ty E it remembered, That on [Time of Ccnvichon] at [ Place cf Form cf to wit, ‘ ^ Conviiiion] A. B..[N,ime of Offender] ef [Addition of Offender] Conviction.

4 was duly convifled l*fore me, [c*, us j [Name and Style of convifling Jtf-' tree or ffujitecs] for ch.t the faid A. /'. [Name of Offender] on [Time cf 6 committing Offence] did [here fate the Offence agafft the Att according to 4 the Fail] contrary to ti e Form of the Sr :tute m.:de in the Forty-eighth 4 Year of the Feign of His M/.je-fty King George the Third, iritiiuled, [he»e 4 fit f rib the Tide cf this Acf]\ and I [or, we] co therefore declare and ‘ tidjudg*', that the laid A. B. £Name of Offender] hath forfeited for his

*	’faid Offence the Sum < f [Fine] or (hali be committed to [Place of Irnpri-

•	fonment] for the Space of [Tune cf bnprijmroientA] Given order my 4 Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] tii$ Day and It ear -firft 4 above wriiten.*

LXIX. And be it further en*&ed, That f any Perfon or Perfons Khali Appeal to ihe think hunfelf, herf If, or themfclves aggrieved by any M t er or Thing Quarter done in purfuance of chi> A6I, for which no particular Relief hath been 6eif*y,,s-hercin-bi-fere provided (lave and txceptthe Verdict of the Jury, and any Determination, Proceeding, Matter, or Thing herein-befnre directed to be fira'1) fuch Perfon or Perfons may within Six Calendar Months afrer the Cauie of Complaint fna’l arife, appeal to the Juft ices of the Peace at their General or Quarter Sefiions to be holden for the County, Divifion, or Diftritt wherein the Caufe of Appeal (hall arife, luch Appellant or Appellants, firft giving or caufing to be given Ten Days N nice in Writing of his, her or their Intention to bring fuch Appeal, and of the Caufes or Matters thereof, to the Clerk or Clerks, Treafurtr or Treasurers of the faid Road, and within Four Days next after fuch Notice enrering into a Recognizance before fame Juftices of the Peace for the faid Countv,

Divifion or Diftridt, with Two fufficient Sureties conditioned to try fuch Appeal, and abide the Older of the Juftices at fuch General or Quarter Sefiions, and to piy fuch Cofts as fiiall be awarded againft him, her, or them, by fuch Juftices; and fuch Juftices at their faid S.fiions, on due Proof of fuch Notice having been given as aforefaid, and of the entering into fuch Recognizance, ftiall proceed to hear and finally determine the Caufes and Matters of fuch Appeal in a fummary Way, and award Cofts to the Party appealing or appealed againft as they ill all think proper, and their Determination ftial! be final, binding, and conciufive to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

JLXX. And be it further ena&ed. That all Orders and Proceedings r,0]„ to be of the faid Truftees in the Execution of this Act fiiall be entered keP“ in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpolc, and (hall be figned by the lame Number of Truftees as are empowered to make or direct the fame, and (hall then be deemed original Orders and Proceed, ings; which Bonk or Books, as alfo the Book hereby directed to be kept for regiftering Mortgages and Transfers, fiiall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts and before all Juftices, and other Perfons having Jurifdidtion in the Prcmifcs.	«

LXXI. And be it further er.ntted. That the faid Truftees may fue and Truftees be lued for or concerning any Thing which fhall be done contrary to or by |niv (“e and virtue of this A«ft, in the Name of their Clerk or Clerks, Treafurcr or Treafurers for the Time being, and that no A&’on or Suittobe brought cl!fk«r

. .	®-'	Tre3lurer.

22'2:0	48° G EORG1I III. Cap. Tig.

or commenced bv theDiredion of or againft the faid Truftees in the Name oftheClerkor Clerks, Treafurer or Treafurers', by virtue of this Ad, (hall abate or be ciifcontinued by the Death or Removal of any fuch Clerk or Clerk , Treafurer or Treafurers, or by the Ad of fuch Clerk or Clerks, Treafurer or Treafurers, without the Con lent of the faid Truftees, but that theCleik or Cleiks, Treafurer or Treafurers for the Time being to the faid Trultees, (hail be deemed to be Plaintiff or Dcfcndanr, Plaintiffs or Defendants, as the Cafe may be, in every luch Adion ; and every fuch Clerk or Cleiks, Treafurer or Treafurers, in whofe Name or Names any Action or Suit fhall be commenced, frofecuted, or defended in purfuance of this Ad, (hall be fully reimburfed and paid, out of the Monies to arife by virtue of this Acl, all fuch ColE, Charges, Damages, and Expences as by the Event or in confequence of any fuch Adion or Proceedings he or they fhall pay, bear, expend or be put unto, or become chargeable with by reafon of his or their being made Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants as aforefaid.

Limitation of LXXII. And be it further enaded, That no Adion or Suit fhall be

Actions. commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing done in purfuance of this Ad until Twenty Days Notice thereof fhall be given to the Clerk or Clerks, Treafurer or Treafurers of the faid Road, n.or after a fufficienc Satisfadion or Tender thereof, hath been made to the Partv or Parties aggrieved, nor after the Exp ration of Six Calendar Months from the Time of the Fad or Offence being committed; and every fuch Adion or Suit (ball be laid or brought in the County in which she Caufe of Adion fhall happen, and not elfewhere ; and the Defendant or Defendants in every fuch Adion fhall or may, at his, her, or their Eledion, piead specially or the General Iffue, and give this Ad and the fpetial Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereon, and that the fame was dune in purfuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the fame fhall appear to have been fo done, or that fuch Adion or Suit fhall have been brought before Twenty DaysNotice thereof was given as afore-faid, or after a fufficient Satisfadion made or tendered as aforefaid, or after the Expiration of the Time limited for bringing the fame as aforefaid or fhall be brought in any other County, then the Jury fhall find for the Defendant or Defendants ; and upon fuch Verdid, or :f fuch Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhall be nonfuited or difeontinue his, her, or their Adion or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants fhall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement fhall be given againlt the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants fhall recover treble Cofts, and have fuch Remedy for the fame as 2ny Defendant hath in other Cafes by Law.

LXXIII. And be it further enaded, That this Ad fhall commence and take Place upon the Second Monday next afttr the paffmg thereof, and fhall continue in Force for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and fiom thence to the End of the then next SeffEn of Parliament.

Pubi c AcL; LXXIV. And be it further enaded. That this Ad fhall be deemed and taken to be a Public Ad, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juflices, and others without being Ipeciully pleaded.

Commencement ?.nd

ot the A:t.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty. 1808.

V*

M

jk t,

Sfl1

iaiifi

"'.y

Jifor Hldtf 11 ^

on ot fcoai ar.tr>,

all bf nance Clerk idem 'arcics i the kftion Action ints in pie;d er in ic in fell fiuli fore* :'ii : as ihail fud) their !, or ft

fucii

tiff

ecf,

its,

ted

ss

I.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

#*****#*****#******%**************%*****************

Cap. 114.

An Adt for continuing the Term of an Act, for repairing the Road from Merlin s Bridge to Pembroke Ferry, in the County of Pembroke.

[18th "June 1808.]

WHEREAS an Aft was made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Aft for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road 28 G. 3. leading fro?n Merlins Bridge to Pembroke Ferry, in the County of c* ,02-Pcmbroke: And whereas the Truftees appointed to put the faid Ad into Execution, have borrowed feveral Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which ftill remain due ; and great Progrefs hath b;en made in the Repairs of the Road comprifed in the faid Ad; but the fame cannot be effectually amended or kept in good Repair, nor can the Money fo due be repaid, unlefs the Term of the faid A61 be further continued, and the Powers amended: May it therefore pleafe Your Ma* jefty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King’s molt Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affcmbled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the faid recited Ad, and all the Claufes, Aa furt},#r Powers, Provifoes, Authorities, Privileges, Matters, and Things there- continued, in relpedively contained, (except fuch as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and as are hereby varied, or repealed,) lhall be in full Force and Effcd, and together with this prefent Ad (hall be put in Execution, for and during the Term hereinafter mentioned, as fully and effcdually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enaded in the Body of this Ad j which faid Ad, and the additional Term hereby granted, (ball be lubj,ed and liable to the Payment, as well of ail ILoc. & Per.]	25 E	Sums

2226

For difcharg-ing the Trustees of the Care of Part of the Road.

For Repeal of

Qualification of Truftees.

Qualification of Truftees.

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 114.

Sums of Money now due ar.d owing upon the Credit of the faid Act, as of fuch other Sum or Sums of Money as (hall or may hereafter be borrowed for the Purpofes of the faid Act or this grefent Aft, and ail Intereft due and to grow due for the fame refpeclively. '

II.	And whereas it might be advantageous to tbe Public, -tltA-J'o much of the faid Road as fhail extend from Merlin’s Bridge, to' the intended New Branch of Road, from near the faid Bridge to Carliet Bridge, being a Diitance of One hundred Yards or thereabouts, fftould no longer be repaired by the Truftees, for putting in Execution the faid recited Act, and this Act, in cafe a new Branch of Road, from near Merlin's Bridge to Cartlet Bridge, in the County of Pembroke Ihould be made; Be it therefore enafted, That when and fo foon as the faid new Branch of Road (hall be made, the Truftees for executing the faid recited Ait, and this Ait, fhail be and they are hereby difcharged from the Care and Management of the faid Piece of Road, herein-before mentioned and defcribed.

III.	And whereas it is by the faid recited Ail enadted. That no Perfon Ihould be capable of ailing as a Truftee in the Execution of the faid Aft, unlefs he Ihould in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife be in the aftual Poffeflion or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, or lhall be Heir Apparent of fome Perfon having fuchEftate, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, or poffeffed of a Per-fonal Eftate, to the Amount or Value of One thoufand Pounds : And whereas the faid Provifion has been found inconvenient, Be it therefore enafted, That the faid Provifion lhall be repealed.

IV.	And be it enafted. That no Perfon lhall be capable of ailing as a Trufree in the execution of the faid recited Ait, or this Act, unlefs he lhall be in his own Right or in the Right of his Wife in the aftual Poffenion or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, or be poffeffed of or entitled 10 a PerfonalEftate alone, or Real andPerfonal together, of the Value of Two thoufand Pounds, or fhail be Heir Apparent of fome Perfon pofiefled of an Eftate in Land of the clear yearly Value of Two hundred Pounds, nor lhall any fuch Perfon be capable of ailing in the execution of the faid recited Aft, or this Aft, fave and except in adminiftering the Oath following to the other Truftees, until he (not being fuch Pleir Apparent as aforefaid) fhail have taken and fubfcribed the Oath following before any Two or more of the Lid Truftees, who are hereby authorifed and required to adminifter the fame (that is to fay);

‘ y	do fwear. That I truly and bond fide am in my

‘ A own Right [or, in Right of my Wife, as the Cafe may be] in the ‘ aftual Poffeflion, or Enjoyment of Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-« ments of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, or poffeff-• ed of or entitled to a Pcrfonal Eftate alone, or Real and Perfonal to-‘ gethcr, of the Amount or Value of Two thoufand Pounds.

! So help me GOD.’

And

2227

48°GEORGII III. Cap. t j4*

And if any Perfon not being fo qualified (hall ad as a Truftee in the Execution of the faid recited Ad, or this Ad, every fuch Perfon (hall for every fach Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to any Perfon or Perfons who (hall file for the fame, to be recovered in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Eftoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance (hall be allowed; and every fuch Perlbfi fo l'ued or profecuted, (hall prove that he is qualified as aforefaid, or otherwife fhadl pay the faid Penalty, without any other Proof on the Parc of the Plaintiff or Profecutof, than that fuch Perfon hath afted as a Truftee in the Execution of the faid recited Ad and this Ad : Provided neverthelefs, that all Ads and Pro- All A£ts of ceedings of any Perfon or Perfons ading as a Truftee or Truftees or Truftees not in the Execution of the faid reited Ad and this Ad, though not duly joae before qualified as aforefaid, previous to his or their being convided of the conviftiom laid Offence, lhall, notwichftaftding fuch Conviftion, be as good, valid, valid, and effedual as if fuch Perlbn or Perfons had been qualified according to the Dirtdions of this Ad.

V.	And be it further enaded. That from and after the Eighteenth Day Tolls, of June One thoufand eight hundred and eight, the Tolls granted by

the laid recited Ad (hall ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid or payable, and that inftead thereof from thenceforth, at each and every Turnpike and Toll-bar, ereded or to be ereded upon or acrofs, or on the Side of any Part of the faid Road, the following Tolls (hall and may be demanded and taken, that is to fay:

For every Horfe or other Bead of Draught, drawing any Coach, Chariot,

Landau, Berlin, Curricle, Chaife, Calalh, or other fuch like Carriage, or Hearfe, the Sum of Sixpence :

For every Horfe or other Bead, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other fuch like Carriage, the Sum of Three-pence :

For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle per Score, (and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Quantity) the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence:

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, per Score (and fo in Proportion for any greater or lei's Quantity) the Sum of Ten-pence.

"Which faid refpedive Tolls (hall be, and the fame are hereby veiled in the faid Truftees, and the fame and every Part thereof (hall and may be demanded, levied, recovered, applied, and difpofed of in the fame Manner, and to and for the fame Ufes, Intents, and Purpofes as in and by the faid Aft is mentioned and declared with refpeft to the Tolls thereby granted.

VI.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That no more than the Sum of Toll on Coal Two-pence Farthing, lhall be demanded or taken for every Horfe, or other at Pembroke Bead drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage laden only Ferry Gate* with Coal, or Culm, or Lime for Manure, which (hall pafs through the Pembroke Ferry Gate.

VII. And

2 2 28

Vacating

Leales.

G enerai Exemptions.

4b0 GEORGII III. Cap. 114.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the Eighteenth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and eight, all Demifes, Leafes, and Agreements for Leafes of the Tolls heretofore granted, (hall ceafe and be void, and the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, (hall and may, and they are hereby required to make a fair and jult Compenfation and Satisfa&ion, to the prefent Lelfee or Leffees of the faid Tolls, for the Lofs or Damage, which he, (he, or they (hall fulfain thereby ; and fuch Compenfation and Satisfaction (hall and may be recovered by fuch Lelfee or Leffees, from the faid Truflees, in cafe of Refufal to make the fame on Demand, made to their Clerk, or Treafurer, by Aftion of Debt, or on the Cafe in any of His AJajelly’s Courts of Record at Weji-minjltr.

VIII.	And whereas it is expedient that the Exemptions granted by the faid Aft (hould be repealed; be it therefore enafted. That the faid Exemptions (hall, from and after the Eighteenth Day of June One thou-fand eight hundred and eight, be, and the fame are hereby repealed; and that, from thenceforth, no Toll (hall be demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horfes employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying, on the fame Day, any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the faid Road, or any of the Roads in the Parifhes in which any Part of fuch Road doth lie ; or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not fold or difpofed of, but palling to be laid up or placed in the Out-houfes, or on the Lands of the Owners or Occupiers thereof; or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horfes employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Hulbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Compoft, or Manure, (except Lime) employed in Hufbandry, for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands in any of the faid Pariflies; or for any Horfes or Cattle going to, or returning from Pallure or Watering Places; or going to be, or returning from being (hoed or farried; or from any Perfon going to or returning from his proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Wor-(hip, tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Perfon that (hall die and be buried in any of the faid Parifhes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from vifiting any frek Perfon ; or upon other his parochial or minilterial Duty, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horfes, Cattle, or Carriages of whatever De-feription, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expreffes under the Authority of His Majefty’s Poftmafter General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding fuch Mails or Expreffes, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horfes, Carts, or Waggons, attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horfe, Mare, or Geldtng furnifhed by or for any Perlons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place of Exercife, provided

2229

4 8* GEORGII III. Cap. 114.	.

vided fuch Perfons are in the Uniform of their refpeftive Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps refpeftively, at the Time of claiming foch Exemption as aforefaid ; or for any Horfes, Carts, or Waggons employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants fecit by legal P.iftes; or for any Horfe, Cattle, or Beall, drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Charbc,

Calafh, Chair, orPaffengcr on Horfeback, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire, to ferve in Parliament for the County of Pembroke > or Towns of Pembroke or H^vcrfordwefi^ on the Days of fuch Edition, or on the Day before or Day after fuch Ele&ion fball begin or be concluded: Provided alfo that if any Perfon or Perfons fhall, in any fraudulent or collufive Manner whatfoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Aft granted, not being entitled to the fame, every fuch Perfon fhali forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum roc exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof fball go to the Informer, and the other Moiety fhali be applied to the Purpofes of the faid Aft and this Aft.

IX.	And be it further en3fted. That the faid Truftees may fue and be Truftees may fued for or concerning any Thing to be done by virtue or in purfuance of f°e and be the faid Aft and this Aft, in the Name of their Clerk or Treafurer for Nameoftheir the Time being; and that no Aftion or Suit to be brought or commenced Cleric or

by the Direftion of or again ft the faid Truftees, in the Name of their Treafurer. Clerk or Treafurer, fball abate or be difeontintied by the Death or Removal of any fuch Clerk or Treafurer, nor by the Aft of fuch Clerk or Treafurer, without the Confcnc of the Truftees, or any Five or more of them, but that the Clerk or Trealurer, for the Time being, to the faid Truftees, lhall be deemed to be Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Cafe may be, in every fuch Aftion.

X.	Provided always, That every fuch Clerk or Treafurer, in whole Clerk or Name any Aftion or Suit fball be commenced, profecuted, or defended, Treafurer to in purfuance of this Aft, (ball be fully reimburfed and paid out of the be Paid h» Eirft Money to arife by vircue of the faid Aft and this Aft, after fuch ExPences* Aftion or Suit fball be commenced or difeontinued, all fuch Cofts, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event, or in confequence of

any fuch Aftion or Proceeding, he fhali bear, pay, expend, or be put unto, or become chargeable with, by reafon of his being fo made Plaintiff or Defendant as afore laid.

XL And be it further enafted. That fo much of the faid recited Aft Statute work, as relates to the Performance of Statute Labour on the faid Road, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed, and that all Perfons who by Law arc or fhali be liable to do Statute Work, or are or fhali be chargeable towards repairing and amending the faid Road, or any Part thereof, fhali ftill remain liable thereto, in like Manner as heretofore; and it lhall be lawful for any Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the County of Pembroke, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the faid Truftees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, or by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what part or Proportion of Statute Work fball every Year be done upon the laid Road by the Inhabitants of the rcfpcftiye Parifhes or Places in [Lee. & Per*]	25 F	which

2230

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 114.’

which the faid Road doth lie ; and alfo what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuc'h Pan ih or Place, in lieu of or as a Compofttion for fuch Stature Work as aforefaid, fhall be by him, her, or them, paid to the far'd Truftees, or their Treafurer or Trealurers; and in order thereunto, it (hall be lawful for fuch Jufticcs, from Time to Time, to fiimmon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every fuch Parifh or Place, to bring in Lifts before fuch Juftices, at fotfte Place to be exprefted in fuch Summons (within Ten Days after the ferving of fuch Summons), of the Names of the feveral Perfons, who within fuch Parifli or Place are by Law fubjetft and liable ro do Stature Work for that Year; or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Com-pofition for fuch Statute Work, diftinguifhing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otberwife ; and alfo the Amount of the refpeftive Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names fhall be made in fach Manner, and under fuch Regulations and Reftriflions, as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and EEFed for the Repair of the Public Highways; and out of fuch Lifts the faid Juftices fhall and may allot, appoint, and order, fuch and fo manv of the Perfons who fhall appear to be fubiecl and liable ro Statute Work as aforefaid, to do fuch Number of Days’ Statute Work in every Year upon the faid Road, as the faid Juftices fhall think reafonable, and the fame ftiall be done at fuch Days, and at fuch Times (not being Hay-time or Harveft) and in fuch Parts of the faid Road as the faid Truftees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, (hall from Time to Time order, direft, and appoint; and the faid Juftices fhall and may alfo order and direct the Perfons who by fuch Lifts fhall appear to be fubjeft and liable to the Payment of any Money, in lieu of or as a Compofnion for Statute Work as aforefaid, to pay fuch Proportion thereof as the faid Juftices (hall think proper, to the faid Truftees or their Treafurer, at fuch Time or Times as they the faid Juftices. (hall direfl ; and in Default of Payment thereof, the fame fhall and may be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the refpeaive Perfons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the faid recited Aft authorized or direfted to be recovered; and each and every Perfon who fhall neolefi: or refufe to do fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their ufual Place or Places of Abode, for that Purpofe, by any Surveyor of the faid Ttuftecs, fhall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horfe or Horfes, Beaft or Beads, to be provided °by him, her, or them, be lubjecl and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as fuch Perfon or Perfdns may be fubjetl or liable to, by any Law or Statute in Force or Fffetft, for the Repair of the Public Highways; and if any Perfon who fhall come to work as a Labourer, ,or fliall be fent with any Team or Draught to work on the iaid Road, fhall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, fuch Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dil'charge the Perfon who fliall be found idle or negligent as aforefaid, and in that Cafe every fuch Perfon fhall be fubjedt and liable to the rcfpedhve Forfeitures and Payments aforefaid, as if he had neglefted or refufed to come, or fuch Team or Draught had not been lent to work on any

Part



2231

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 114.

Part of the faid Road; all which Forfeitures (hall be paid to the Treafurer to the faid Truftees and applied towards amending the faid Highways; and if any Surveyor of the Highways, for any of the faid Pariflies or Places, (hall refufe or wilfully negleft to give in fuch Lifts as aforefaid, or flaall knowingly and wilfully give in falfe or imper-feft Lifts, every fuch Surveyor fo offending, (hall for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That if any Money fhall be agreed or Applicationof awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments pur- ^on^'eree* chafed, taken, or ufed by virtue of the Powers of the faid Adi and ceeding zooL this Adi, for the Purpofes thereof, which (hall belong to any Corporation, * Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Perfon or Perfons under any other Dif-

ability or Incapacity, fuch Money (hall, in cafe the fame (hall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, ex-parte the Truftees for executing the faid recited Adi and this Adi, to the Intent that fuch Money fhall be applied under the Diredlion, and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be (ignified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a fummary Way, by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in the Purchafe of the Land Tax, or Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrance, cr Part thereof, as the faid Court fhall authorize to be paid, affefting' the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affedting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (landing fettled therewith, to the fame or the like Ufts, Intents, or Purpofes; or where fuch Money (hall not be fo applied, then the fame (hall be laid out and invefted, under the like Diredlion and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, which (hall be conveyed and fettled to’ for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trulls, Intents, and Purpofes” and in the fame Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which (hall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid, flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement, (hall be exifting, undetermined, and capable of takin»

Effcdl i arid in the mean Time, and until fuch Purchafe (hall be made! the faid Money (ball, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invefted by the faid Accountant General, in his Name in the purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities ; and in the mean Time and until the faid Bank Annuities (hall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and annual Prodace of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, (hall, from Time to Time be paid by Order of the faid Court, to the Perfon or Perfons who would” for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments fo hereby direfted to be purchafed in cafe luch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if any Money fo APPk'catio4 agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- q”"' lh? menu purchaled, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging tioiTdo", not to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under Difabiiity or Inca"” txc«li aool.

pacity

22,32

Application where the Money is lefs than 20!.

In cafe of r.ot making out Titles,

or if Perfons cannot be found, Pur-chafe Money to be paid into the Bank,

fubjett to the Order of the Court of Chancery, on Motion or Petition,

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 114.

pacity as aforefaid, fhall be lefs tlun the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and (hall amount to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all Inch Cafes, the fame (hall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons, for the Time being, entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacv, to be fignified, in Writing, under their refpeflive Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name, and with the Privity of thefaid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before diredted, or othervvife the fame fnall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Truftees, to be nominated by the Perfon or perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Five or more of the faid Truftees (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that fuch Principal Money, and the Dividends aiifing thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before diredted, fo far as the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Diredtion or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XIV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadled. That where fuch Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, Hull be lefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame (hall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes of the faid Adi and this Adi, in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees lhall think fit; or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpedtively.

XV.	And be it further enadled, That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money (hall be awarded for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed by virtue of the faid AO. and this Adi, lhall refufc to accept the fame, or (hall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes, to the Satisfaction of the laid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons, to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money (hall be fo awarded as aforefaid, cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or difeovered, then, and in every fuch Cafe, it lhall and may be lawful to and for die faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money lb awarded as aforefaid, to be paid into tile Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the laid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (deferibing them), fubjeft to the Order, Controul, and Difpolition of the Court of Chancery; which laid Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Perlon or Potions making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, (hall be, and is hereby empowered, in a Lmmary Way of Proceeding, or otherwife as to the fame Court lhall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Diftribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpeclive Fftate or

11	Lilatcs*

2233

48° GEORGII III. Cap. *14.

Eftates, Title, or Intereft of the Perfon orPerfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch ocher Order in the Premifcs as to the faid Court lhall feem juft and reasonable ; and the Calhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England, who (hall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are here by required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money; mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whofe Ufc the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as lhall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it enacted. That where any Queftion lhall arife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid into the Bank of Englandin the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant. General of the Courc of Chancery, in purfuance of this A6b, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Eftate, Right, or Intereft in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed in purfuance of the faid Atft and this Aft, or co any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who (hall have been in Poflefiion of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the PoflTcifion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, fliall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch PofTclIion, until the contrary fhall be fhewn to the Satisfaction of the faid Court of Chancery $ and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities, to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities fliall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it lhall be made appear to the laid Court that fuch Polfeffian was a wrongful PolLffion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein.

XVII.	Provided alfo, and be it enabled, That where, by reafon of any Difabiliry or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed under the Authority of the fa;d Atft and this Aft, the Purchafe Money for the fame lhall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchafe of otiier Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes, in purfuance of the laid Act and this Acft, it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court of Chancery, to order the Expences of all Purchafes from Time to Time to be made in purfuance ot the laiu Act and this Atft, or fo much of fuch Expences as the laid Courc lhall deem reafonablc to be paid by the faid Truficcs, or any Live or more of them, ouf of the Monies to be received by virtue of the faid Act and this Aft, who lhall trom Lime to Time pay fuch Sums of Money lor fuch Furpofes as the laid Court lhall direct.

XVIII.	And whereas it would tend to the belter Accommodation of Perfons travelling the laid Road, if Power was given to the laid Trultees to rent the faid Ferry called Pembroke Ferry ■, lie it therefore enabled. That it fliall and may be lawful to and for the laid Trultees, or any i\umber of them not lefs than Two thirds, with the Confent in Writing of

[Loc. & Per.}	25	G	Live-

Where any Quellion (hall arife touching the Title to Money to he paid, the Perfon who lhall be in Polio f-fion of the Land;, &c. at the Time of fuch Parti lafe, lhall be deemed entitled thereto.

The Court of Chancery may order reafonable Expences 01 Purchafes to be paid by the Trullees.

Authorizing the Trultees to purchafe Pembroke Ferry.

2234	4^° GEORGII III. Cap. 114.

Five-fixths in Value of the Creditors on the laid Road, to treat, con-traft, and agree with any Perfon or Perfons intereftecl in the faid Ferry, for a Leafe of his, her, or their Right, Intereft, and Property in the fame, for any Period not exceeding the Continuance of this Aft, and to pay for the fame fuch Annual Rent as the faid Truftees,* or any Number of them not lefs than Two thirds, and fuch Perfon or Perfons lhall agree upon, out of the Tolls or Duties granted by the faid recited Aft and this Aft; audit lhall and may be lawful to and for any Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and all Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees. Executors, Ad mini ft raters, Hufbands, Guardians, Committees, of or for Lunatics or Idiots, or other Truftees whomfoever, not only for or on the Behalf of themfelves, their Heirs and Succeffors, but all'o for and on the Behalf of their refpeftive Ceftuique Trufts, whether Infants or Iffue unborn, Idiots, Lunatics, or Femes Covert, and alfo to and for all Femes Covert, who are or (hall be feifed in their own Right, and to and for all Perfons whether Tenants for Life or Tenants in Tail, General or Special, who are or lhall be feifed, poffeffed of, or interefted in the faid Ferry, to treat, contraft, and agree with the faid Truftees for the Leafe of fuch Right, Intereft, and Property, in the faid Ferry, and fuch Leafe fo made (hall be good, valid, and ef-feftual in the Law, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever; and fuch Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations, Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Truft, Executors, Adminiftrarors, Hulbands, Guardians, Committees, Truftees, and all other Perfons, (hall be and are hereby indemnified for what they lhall do by virtue, or in purluance of this Aft; and from and after the Execution of the faid Leafe, it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees, or any Perfon or Perfons whom they or any Five or more of them lhall appoint for that Purpofe, to enter upon and occupy the faid Ferry, and to demand and take luch and the fame Sum or Sums of Money as are now payable for the Conveyance of any Perfon or Perfons, Horfe or other Cattle, Coach, Waggon or any other Carriage over the faid Ferry, which lhall be applied to the Ui'es and Purpofes of the faid recited Act and this Aft.

For paying XIX. And be it further enafted. That all the Charges and Expences

tfC h'XfA fteS	an^	paffmg this Aft lhall be paid out of any Monies already

°* 1 ls 1 ' railed by virtue of the faid Aft, or out ot the firft Monies to arile by virtue of the laid Aft and this Aft, in preference to all ocher Payments whatfoever.

Public Aft. XX. And be it further enacted. That this Act (ball be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and (nail be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

Continuance XXL And be it further enafted, That the faid Aft, (fubjeft to the Al-

of the Aft. terations.and Amendments in this Aft contained,) and this Aft, lhall continue and be in Force and be executed, for and during the Refidue now to •come of the Term granted by the faid Aft, and from the Expiration thereof, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George EWe and Andrlw Strahan, Printers to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS

***************************************************

Cap. 115,

An Adt for effedting the Sale of certain EHates devifed by the Will of the Right Honourable Edward late Lord Thurlow, and for laying out the Money to arife by fuch Sales in the Purchafe of other EHates, and for fettling the fame to the Ufes of his Lord-fhip’s Will.	[18th	June	1808.]

WHEREAS the Right Honourable Edward late Lord Thurlow by The Will of his laft Will and Teftament, in Writing, bearing Date the Edward late Twenty-ninth day of May One Thoufand Eight Hundred and J^je^edr" Two, devifed all his Eftate in the County of Suffolk to the Right Honourable Edward now Lord Thurlow (Son of his the faid Teftator’s late Brother the Right Reverend Father in GodTbomas then lately Lord Bilhop of Durham, and then deceafed,) for his natural Life, wich Liberty to cut down fuch Timber as Ihould have attained to Perfection, and would become of lefs Value by (landing, with Remainder to the Ufe of the Right Honourable Johnhord Eldont then and now Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, his the Teftator’s Nephew Edward South Thurlow, and John Forjler of Lincoln's-inn \n the County of Middlefex Efquire, and their Heirs during his Lifctopreferve contingentRemainders, and after his Deceafe to the Firft and other Son and Sons fuccelfively of the faid Edward now Lord Thurlow, according to their refpeCtive Seniorities in Tail Male, and for Default of fuch Iffue to Thomas Thurlow Second Son of the faid then late Bilhop for Life, with the like Liberty of cutting down Timber as abovementioned, with Re-[Lcc, Per.]	25 H	maindcr

2238

Codicil 0

May 180,

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 115.

mainder to the faid John Lord Eldon, Edward South Thurlow, and John Forjler and their Heirs, during the Life of the faid 'Thomas Thurlow t in Truft to preferve contingent Remainders, Remainder to the Firft and other Sons of the faid Thomas Thurlow^ feverally and fucceffively, according to their refpe&ive Seniorities in Tail Male, and for Default of fuch Iffue to his the Teftator’s Nephew Edward South Thurlow for his natural Life, with the likeLiberty of cutting down Timber as abovementioned, with Remainder to the jfyid John Lord Eldon and John VorJter> and their Heirs during his Life, to preferve contingent Remainders; and after the Deceafe of the faid Edward South Thurlow to Edward Thurlow, Son of the faid Edward South Thurlow, for and during his natural Life, with ftich Liberty of cutting down Timber as abovementioned, and with Remainder to the faid John. Lord Eldon and John Forjler and their Heirs during his Life to preferve contingent Remainders; and from and after his Deceafe to the Firft and every other Son of the faid Edward Thurlow feverally and fucceffively according to their refpe&ive Seniorities in Tail Male, and for Default of fuch Iffue to the Second, Third, and other Sons fucceffively of the faid Edward South Thurlow, according to their refpedtive Seniorities in Tail Male ; and for Default of fuch Iffue the faid Edward late Lord Thurlow devifed One Moiety of the faid Premifes to his Daughter Catherine Thurlow for her natural Life, with the like Liberty of cutting down Timber as is above-mentioned, with Remainder to the faid John Lord Eldon and John Forjler, and their Heirs, during her Life, to preferve contingent Remainders, Remainder to theFirftand other Sons of the faid Catherine Thurlow fucceffively according to their re fpe&ive Seniorities in Tail; and for Want of fuch Iffue to the Daughter or Daughters of the faid Catherine as Tenancs in Tail and in common, with crofs Remainders between them, and for Want of fuch Iffue to his the Teftator’s Daughter Mary the Wife of David Cunynghame of Maljhmger, in the County of Southampton-,Efquire, for hernatural Life, with the like Power of cutting Timber, and the.like Limitation to the laft named Truftees to preferve contingent Remainders, and the like Remainders to be applied to her feveral Children and their Iffue refpe&ively, as were thereinbefore provided refpecting the faid Moiety for his the Teftator’s Daughter Catherine, her Children and their Iffue refpe&vely; and the faid Edward Lord Thurlow, the Teftator, devifed the other Moiety of the fame Premifes to his faid Daughter Mary Cunynghame for her natural Life, with the like Liberty of cutting down Timber as is abovementioned, with Remainder to the faid John Lord Eldon and John Forjler, and their Heirs, during her Life, to preferve contingent Remainders, and from and after her Deceafe to the Firft and every other Son of the faid Mary Cunynghame fucceiBvely,according to their rcfpe&ive Seniorities in Tail; and for Wane of fuch Iffue to the Daughter and Daughters feverally of the faid Mary Cunynghame, and the Heirs of their Bodies relpe&ively, to hold as Tenants in common, with crofs Remainders, as Tenants in^common inTail; and for Want of fuch Iffuevto his the faid Teftator’s Daughter Catherine for her natural Life, tviih the like Liberty of cutting Timber, and the like Limitation to the lame Truftees to preferve contingent Remainders, and the like Remainders to her feveral Children and their lffues rcfpe&ively as were thereinbefore provided with relpedl to the firft-mentioned Moiety; and for Want of fuch Iffue of either of his faid Daughters the faid Teftator declared his Will to be that the Premifes ftionld defeend to his own right f z\ Jkirs; And whereas the faid Edward hit LordThurlozv, by a Codicil to 3- his Lid Will (and which Codicil bea^s Date the Tv'enty-firft Day of May

One

4^* GEO R GII III. Cap. u$.

OneThoufand Eight Hundred and Three) reciting therein, that by virtue of his laft Will and Teftament his Eftate in the Countv of Suffolk was deviled or limited from and after the Determination of certain antecedent Ufes therein exprelfed, to or to the Ufe of his Nephew Edward South Thurlow for his natural Life with fuch Liberty of cutting down Timber as is therein mentioned, with Remainder to the Ufe of the Laid John Lord Eldon and John Forjler therein named, and their Heirs during his Life, to preferve contingent Remainders, with Remainder to the Ufe of the faid Edward Thurlow, Son of the faid Edward South Thurlow for his Life, with fuch Liberty of cutting down Timber as therein mentioned, with Remainder to the fame Truftees and their Heirs during his Life to preferve contingent Remainders, with Remainder to the Ufe of his Firft and other Sons fuc-cefiively in Tail Male, with Remainder to the Ufe of the Second, Third, and other Sons of the fai6 Edward South Thurlow fucceftively in Tail Male, with Remainder, as to One Moiety of the faid Eftates, to his the Teftator’s Daughter Mary Cunynghame, for her Life, with fuch Liberty of felling Timber as therein is mentioned, with Remainder to the fame Trustees and their Heirs during her Life to preferve contingent Remainders, with Remainder to the Ufe of her Firft and other Sons iucceflively in Tail; and that the other Moiety of the fame Eftates Hood limited to the like Ufes to or in favour of his laid Daughter, Mary Cunynghame and her I(Tue, after the Determination of certain Ufes and Limitations thereof, to or in favour of his Daughter Catherine and her Sons and Daughters refpe&ively j and reciting that his faid Nephew Edward South Thurlow had two other Sons, namely, Frederick Thurlow and Charles Thurlow, and that his the Teftator’s faid Daughter Mary Cunynghame had, fince the Date and Execution of his faid Will, had a Son born named Thurlow Cunynghame, he the faid Edward late Lord Thurlow did, by that Writing, which he declared to be a Codicil to his Will, revoke and make void the faid Devifes or Limitations to or to the Ufe of the Second or Third Sons of the faid Edward South Thurlow, and in lieu thereof from and afterthe Determination of all the Ufes and Eftates created in and by his faid Will antecedently to thofe Limitations, he the faid Tefta-tor gave and deviled the faid Eftate unto and to the Ufe of the faid Frederick Thurlow, Second Son of the laid Edward South Thurlow, and his Afligns, for his natural Life, with the like Liberty of cutting down Timber, and with fuch other Powers as were given by his faid Will to the feveral Tenants for Life therein named, and from and after the Determination of that Eftate by Forfeiture or otherwife in his Lifetime, to the faid John Lord Eldon and John Forjler and their Heirs, during the Life of the laid Frederick Thurlow, in Truft, to preferve the contingent Remainders thereinafter limited, and from and after his Deceafe to the Firft and other Son and Sons fucceftively of the faid Frederick Thurlo w in Tail Male, and for Default of fuch Ififue to the faid Charles Thurlow, Third Son of the faid Edward South Thurlow, and his Afligns for his natural Life, with the like Liberty of cutting down Timber and other Powers as aforelaid; and from and after the Determination of that Eftate by Forfeiture or otherwife in his Lifetime, to the faid John Lord Eldon and John Forjler, and their Heirs, during the Life of the faid Charles Thurlow, in Truft, to preferve the contingent Remainders thereinafter limited, and from and after his Deceafe to the Firft and other Sons fucceftively of the faid Charles Thurlow in Tail Male i and for Default of fuch Iflfue he the faid Teftator declared his Will and Meaning to be that the faid Eftates Ihould remain and be fubjeft to all and every the Ufes and Limitations in his faid Will of and concerning

the

2 24G

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 115.

the fame, or the undivided Moieties thereof, ulterior to the (aid Limitations* to the Second and Third Sons of his the Teftator’s faid Nephew fuccefiively, fave and except that he the faid Teftator revoked and made void the faid Devifes or Limitations of or concerning both the faid Moieties of his faid Eftate to or to the Ufe of the Firft Son of the faid Mary Cunynghame and the Heirs of his Body, and in lieu thereof, from and immediately after the Determination of all the Ufes and Eftates created in and by his faid Will concerning the faid Moieties refpe&ively, antecedently to the faid Devifes thereof, to the Firft and other Sons of the faid Mary Cunynghame, he the faid Teftator gave and deviled the faid Moieties refpeftively unto and to the Ufe of the faid $ bur low Cunynghame and his Affigns for his natural Life, with the like Liberty of cutting down Timber, and with the feveral other Powers as were given by his faid Will to the feveral Tenants for Life therein named j and from and after the Determination of that Eftate by Forfeiture or otherwife in his Lifetime, he devifed the fame to the faid John Lord Eldon and John Forjler and their Heirs, during the Life of the laid Thurlow Cunynghame, in Truft, to preferve the contingent Remainders thereinafter limited ; and from and after the Deceafe of the faid Thurlow Cunynghame, to the Firfl and other Sons fuccelfively of the faid Thurlow Cunynghame in Tail Male ; and the faid Teftator ratified and confirmed his laid Will in all Parts and Refpe&s, fave and except fo far as the fame was thereby revoked and varied * and the faid Edward late Lord Thurlow appointed the faid John Lord Eldon, Edward South Thurlow, and John Farther	Forjler, Executors of his faid Will: And whereas the faid Edward late

Codicil,	Lord Thurlow, by a further Codicil to his faid Will, reciting therein, that

fince making his general Will he had bought fome Eftates in the County of Suffolk, which he intended to the fame Ufes as he had fettled his Suffolk Eftate, he the faid Teftator thereby confirmed his faid Will, and devifed fuch New Purchafes to the faid Ufes: And whereas the faid Edward late Lord Thurlow departed this Life on the Twelfth Day of September One Thoufand Eight Hundred and Six, and foon after his Deceafc the faid John Lord Eldon, Edward South Thurlow, and John Forjler proved his faid Will and Codicils in the Prerogative Court of the Archbifhop of Canterbury : And whereas the faid Thomas late Lord Biihop of Durham, on or about the Firft Day of May One Thoufand Seven Hundred and Seventy-feven, intermarried with Ann his late Wife deceafed, and hath left Iflue by her the faid Edward now Lord Thurlow and the faid Thomas Thurlow, an Infant: And whereas the faid Thomas late Lord Bifhop of Durham, by his laft Will and Teftament in Writing, bearing Date the Fourteenth Day of April One Thoufand Seven Hundred and Ninety, appointed his Wife Ann Thurlow, Sir John William Roje, Knight, and the faid Edward South Thurlow, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, Guardians of his Children, and departed this Life on or about the Thirtieth Day of May One Thoufand Seven Hundred and Ninety-one : And whereas the faid Am Thurlow and Sir John Wittiam Roje have both departed this Life: And whereas neicher of them the faid Edward now Lord Thurlow, or Thomas Thurlow, or Catharine Tburlow hath married : And whereas the faid Edward South Thurlow, on or about the Tenth day o(July One Thoufand Seven Hundred and Eighty-fix, intermarried with Elizabeth Mary Tompfon, and hath Iflue by her the faid Edward Thurlow, Frederick Charles Thurlow, Charles Augujlus Thurlow (which faid Frederick Charles Thurlow is called Frederick Thurlow only, and which Charles Augujlus Thurlow is called Charles Thurlow only, in the faid Codicii to the faid Will of the faid

Edward

224/

id

id

id

le

ill

e$

■he

to

*,

1ft

ife

br

A

the

b

n

w«

in

film

life

that

}!

fed

Ine

h

/ill

7*

out

W>

her

an

his

of

ife

iu-

tiO

ws

$%

lb

i

tb

9,

•d

d

d

4

4.8“ GEORGII III. Cap. 115.

Edward late Lr.rd Thurlow') and Henry Robert Thurlow, all of them Infants of tender Years, and no other Child ; And whereas the laid David Cunyngbame, on or about the Twenty-fifth Day of May One Thoufand Eight Hundred and One, intermarried with the laid Mary Thurlow, and hath Ifiue by her the faid Edward Tburlow Cunyngkamc (called in the faid Codicil to the faid Will of the faid Edward late Lord %burlow, Thurlow Cunyngbame only) David Thurlow Cunyngbame, Mary Frances Thurlow Cunyngbame, and Robert South '■Thurlow Cunyngbame, z\\ of them Infants of tender Years, and no other Child : And whereas the Principal of the faid Eftates devifed by the Will of the faid Edward late Lord Tburlow are fit irate at Tburlow, Wratting, and AJhfield, in the faid County of Suffolk: And whereas Parts ot the faid devifed Eftates confill of certain Farms a: Thorpe,

Morieux, Norton, Wickham, Skeith, and Stow Upland, and are at a Difiance and lie detached from the faid principal Eftates: And whereas it would be for the Benefit of the feveral Pcrfons beneficially interefted irt theEftates deviled by the Will of the tod Edward late Lord Thurlow, if the faid detached Eftates were veiled in Trurtets in Truft, under the Diredion of the Court of Chancery, to fell the fame, and to in veil the Money arifing from the Sale thereof in the Purchafe of other Eftates more convenient to be held with the faid Principal Eftates, and to fettle the feveral Eftates fo to be purchafed to the Ufes and upon the Trulls, now fubfifting under the laid Will and Codicils of the laid Edward late Lord Tburlow : But by reafon of the Limitations in 11 rid Settlement contained in the faid Will and Codicils of the faid Edward late Lord Thurlow, the fame cannot be effeded without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: Wherefore Your Majcfty’s mod dutiful and loyal Subjed the faid Edward now Lord Tburlow, doth beleech Your Majefty, and Your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal Subjeds the faid Edward South Thurlow, for himfelf and for the faid Thomas Thurlow, the Son of the faid Thomas late Lord Bilhop of Durham, and alfo for the faid Edward Thurlow, Frederick Charles Thur-low, Charles Augustus Thurlow, and the faid Henry Robert Thurlow, his the faid Edward South Thurlow % Infant Children, and the faid David Cunyngbame and die laid *Mary his Wife on Behalf of themfelves, and Edward Tburlow Cunyngbame, David Thurlow Cunyngbame, Mary Frances Thurlow Cunyngbame, and Robert South Thurlow Cunyngbame, their Infant Children, and fhe the faid Catherine Thurlow, do molt humbly befeech your Majefty, that it may be enadted 5 and be it enaded by the King's Moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all and fingular the Manor, Mefriiages, The Premifes Farms, Lands, Tenements, Vicarage Tythes and Hereditaments at Thorpe, in the Sche-Morieux, Norton, Wickham, Skeith, and Stow Upland aforefaid, which were luIe(f°»hl* devifed by the faid Will and Codicils of the faid Edward late Lord Thurlow, ve(led®n e and which are particularly mentioned in the Schedule to this Ad, and alfo all Truftees to and fingular Houfes, Out-houfes, Edifices, Buildings, Gardens,Timber, and be fold, other Trees, Ways, Paths, Palfages, Eafements, Waters, Watercourfes,

Liberties, Privileges, Hereditaments, Rights,Members, and Appurtenances whatfoever, to the fame Manor, Melfuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, Vicarage Tythes, and Hereditaments, or to any of them, or any Parc thereof belonging or in anywife appertaining, or with the fame, or any of them, or any Part thereof, now or at any l ime heretofore, held, uied, occupied, or enjoyed, or accepted, reputed, deemed, taken, or known as Part,

Parcel, or Member thereof, or of any Part thereof, fhall immediately from \Loc» Per.]	25 /	and

2242

The Money to arife from the Sales to be paid into the Bank,

the Adi of Geo. ill.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 115.

and after the palling of this A& be vetted in and fettled upon, and the fame are hereby vetted in and fettled upon the faid Edward South Thurlow and John For/ler, their Heirs and Afiigns, to the Ufe of them the faid Edzvard South Fhurlovj and John Forfier, their Heirs and Afiigns for ever, freed and abfolurely acquitted, exempted, and exonerated of, from, and againft all and fingular:heUfes,Eftates, Intails, Remainders, Limitations,Charges, Trufts, Powers, Provifoes, and Declarations in and by the faid Will and Codicils of the faid Edward late Lord Fhurlow refpe&ively limited, exprefied, or declared of and concerning the fame; but neverchelefs upon the Trutts and to andfor the Ends, Intents, and Purpofes hereinafter exprefiedor declared, (that is to fay) upon Truft, that they the faid Edward South Phurlow and John Forfier, and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs and Afiigns of fuch Survivor, do and fhall, as foon as conveniently may be, with the Approbation of the Perfon or Perfons who, according to the Ufes limited or declared by the faid Will and Codicils of the faid Edward late Lord Fhurlow for the Time being would have been beneficially entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments and Premifes hereby vetted and fettled as aforefaid, if this Aft had not been made ; or if any fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall be an Infant or Infants, then, with the Approbation of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, to beteftified by Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, make Sale and difpofe of the faid Manor, Mefiuages,Lands,Tenements, Vicarage,Tythes,and Hereditaments,hereby vetted and fettled as aforefaid, or any Part thereof, either together or in Parcels, and by Public Au&ion or Private Contract, unto any Perfon or Perfons, at the beft Price or Prices in Money that can at the Time of fuch Sale or Sales be reafonably obtained for the fame j and upon Payment into the Bank, or otherwile in Manner hereinafter mentioned, of the Pur-chafe Money for which the fame Hereditaments and Premiles, or any Part thereof, (hall be fo fold, do and lhall convey and allure the fame Hereditaments fo to be fold and difpofed of unto and to the Ufe of the Pur-chafer or Purchafers of fuch Hereditaments, his, her, or their Heirs and Afiigns, or as he or they lhall direct or appoinr.

II. And be it further ena&ed, That all and every the Sum and Sums of Money which fhall arife from the Sales made in purfuance of this A6t, lhall be paid by the Perfon or Perfons to or with whom fuch Sales lhall be made, into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex Parte the Purchafers of the Ellates of Edward Lord 'ThurloWy purfuant to the Method preferibed by ihe Aft of the Twelfth Year of King George the Firft, Chapter the Thirty-fecond, and the General Orders of the faid Court, without Fee or Reward, according to the Aft of the Twelfth Year of King George the Second, Chapter the Twenty-fourth, there to remain until the fame (hall, upon a Petition to be preferred to the High Court of Chancery in a Summary Way, by the Perfon or Perfons who lhall, according to the Ufes limited by the faid Will and Codicils of the faid Edward late Lord FhurloWy be for the Time bein» beneficially entitled in Poficfiion as aforefaid, if fuch Perfon or Perfons lhall be of full Age, but if luch Perfon or Perfons lhall be under the Age of Twenty-one Years, then by his or their Guardian or Guardians, be laid out in the Purchafe or Purchales of Freehold Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of Copyhold Lands, Tenements or Pleredi-ments, which may refpedively be approved ot by the laid Court of

Chan-

2 243

48° GEORGII III. Cap. n5.

Chancery as being convenient to be holder or enjoyed with the Bulk of the faid Manor and Hereditaments deviled by the laid Will and Codicils of the faid Edward late Lord Thurlow; and upon or from and immediately afcerthe making fu h Purchafe orPurchafes, the Manors,MclTuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments fotobe purchafed fiiall be conveyed, fettled, and allured to, for, and upon fuch and fo many of the Ufes, Trufts, Intents and Purpofe.% and under and fubjeCt to fuch and fo many of the Powers,

Provifoes, Limitations, and ReftriCtions in and by the faid Will and Codicils of the faid Edward late Lord Thurlow limited, exprelfed and declared of or concerning the Manor and other Hereditaments in the faid County of Suffolk, devifed by the laid Will and Codxiis, as fhail be then fubfifiing and capable of taking EffcCt, or as near thereto as Cir-cumftances will admit.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That all Sums of Money, which Hull Til! the Mo-be paid into the Bank in the Name of the faid Accountant General in "ne^® p'ur-°UC Manner hereinbefore directed, or fo much thereof as (hall not be ordered chafeof Lands by the faid Court of Cnancerv to be applied in die Payment of Cofts and to be inverted Expences, according to the Direction hereinafter contained, fhail in the Navy Bills, meantime, and until the fame Monies fhail be inverted in. the Purchafe of ^

Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, be from Time to Time laid out

in the Purchafe of Navy, Victualling, or Tranfporc Bills, or Exchequer Bi’ls, and the Intereft arifing from the Money fo laid out in the faid Navy, cr Victualling, orTranfport Bills, or Exchequer Bills, and the Money received from the fame, as they fhail refpeCtively be paid off by Government, ihall be laid out in the Name of the faid Accountant General in the Purchafe of other Navy, or Victualling, or Traniport, or Exchequer Bills, all which faid Navy, or Victualling, or Tranfport, or Exchequer Bills, fhail be depofited in the Bank in the Name of the faid Accountant General, and fhail there remain until the fame fhail, upon Petition to be preferred to the High Court of Chancery in a Summary Way, by or on Behalf of the Perfon cr Perfons for the Time being, entitled to the Rents and Profits ot the Hereditaments fo to be purchafed, be ordered to be fold by the faid Accountant General for the completing any Purchafe herehy authorized to be made as aforefaid, in fuch Manner as the faid Court fhail think juft and direCt; and if the Money arifing by the Sale of any fuch Navy, Victualling, T ranfport, or Exchequer Bills which fhail have been purchafed as aforefaid, (hall exceed the Amount of the original Purchafe-Mcney fo laid out as aforefaid, then and in that Cafe only, the Surplus which fhail remain fhail be paid to fuch Perfon or Perfons rcfpeCtiveiy as would have been entitled to receive the Rents and Profits of the Lands directed to be purchafed, in cafe the fame had been purchafed purluant to this ACt, or to the Reprefentative of fuch Perfon or Perions, as Part of his or their perfonal Eftate.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That it fhail and may The Court of be lawful for the faid Court of Chancery from Time co Time, if to the laid Chancery to Court it fhail feem meet, to make an Order for taxing or fettling all Cofts, ™ear f®rat" ?nr* Charges and Expences which fhali have been incurred preparatory to and tiie Ports’ & in applying for and obtaining and palling this ACt, and in making the

fcvcral Applications to the faid Court inpurfuance hereof, and in making and completing the Sales hereby authorized, and in inverting all or any of the Monies which under this ACt fhail be paid into the Bank in the Pur-

2244	480	GEORGII	III.	Cap. 115.

chafe of Lands and Hereditaments according to the Direftions herein contained, or otherwife in carrying the Trulls, and Purpofes of this Aft into Execution ; and alfo from. Time to Time, if to the faid Court it lhall feem fit, for Payment of all fuch Colls, Charges, and Expences as aforefaid out of the Monies which fliall be fo paid into the Bank as aforefaid, or out of the Monies arifing by Sale of the Navy, Viftualling, Tranfport, or Exchequer Bills to be purchaled as aforefaid.

Receipt of Caftiier to a good Dif-charge to Purchafers.

V.	And be it further enacted, That the Certificate or Certificates of be the faid Accountant General, together with the Receipt or Receipts of one of the Cafhiers of che Bank, to be thereto annexed and therewith filed in the Regifter Office of the faid Court of Chancery, of the Payment into the Bank of England by the Purchafer or Purchafers of the Hereditaments hereby authorized to be fold of his or their Purchafe Monies refpe&ively, fliall from Time to Time be and be deemed to be good and effeftual Difcharges to fuch Purchafer or Purchafers, or other Perfon orPerfons, or to his or their refpedlive Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators, or Affigns, for the faid Purchafe Monies, or fo much thereof for which fuch Certificates and Receipts ffiall be refpe&ively given ; and after filing fuch Certificates and Receipts as aforefaid, fuch Purchafer or Purchafers, or other Perfon or Pcrfons, fhall be abfolutely acquitted and difeharged of and from the fame Monies, and ffiall not be anfwerable or accountable for any Lofs, Mifapplication, or Non-application thereof.

_____________  VI.	And	be	it further enabled, That in the meantime and until fuch

the Rents and Sales ffiall be made as aforefaid, of the Hereditaments hereby authorized Profits to be to be fold, they the faid Edward South Thurlow and John Forjler, and the 1 Survivor of them and his Heirs, ffiall permit and fuffer the Rents and Profits of the faid Hereditaments to be had and received and taken by fuch Perfon or Pcrfons as would refpe&ively have been entitled, and ought to have held, received and enjoyed the fame, in cafe this Aft had not been made.

Until Sales,

be received by the Per-fons for the Time being entitled to the fame.

Power of appointing new Truliees.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if both or either of them, the faid Edward South Thurlow and John Forjler, otr any future Truftee or Truftees who ffiall fucceed to or ffiall be appointed in the (lead or place of them or either of them as hereinafter mentioned, ffiall die or ffiall defi're to relinquiffi, or fliall refufe or decline to aft or become incapable to aft in the Trufts or Powers hereby repofed in them or him, or ffiall go out of Great Britain before the faid Trufts fliall be fully performed and executed, then and fo often as any fuch Cafe ffiall happen, it ffiall be lawful for the High Court of Chancery in a fummary Way, upon the Petition of fuch Perfon or Perfons as for the Time being would be beneficially entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments hereby made faleable, or if fuch Perfon or Perfons ffiall be an Infant or Infants, then upon the Petition of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, from Time to Time to nominate and appoint any Perfon or Perfons to be a Truftee or Truftees in the ftead or place of the Truftee or Truftees fo dying or defiring to be difeharged, or going out of Great Britain, or refuting, declining, or becoming incapable to a£t as aforefaid; and when and fo foon and as often as any fuch Perfon or Perfons ffiall be lo nominated and appointed, all the Eftates and Powers which ffiall be then veiled in the

Truftee

22

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 115.

Truftee or Truftees fo dying or defirous of being difcharged, or refuting* declining, or becoming incapable to act, or going out of Great Britain as aforefaid, either folely or jointly with other Truftees, fhall thereupon with all convenient Speed be conveyed and transferred in iuch Sort and Manner, and fothat the fame Eftates and Powers fhall and may be legally and effectually veiled in the furviving or continuing Truftee thereof, and fuch new and other Truftee or Truftees, or in fuch new Truftees only, as the Cafe may require, upon the fame Trufts and for the fame Intents and Purpofes, and fubjeftto the fame Powers as are hereinbefore declared of and concerning the fame Eftates, or fuch and fo many of the fame Trufts and Powers as fhall or may be then fubfifting or capable of taking EffeCt; and that fuch new Truftee or Truftees (hall and may in all Things a£t in the Management, carrying on, and Execution of the Trufts hereby created, as fully and effectually, and with all the fame Powers and Authorities to all Intents, Effects, ConftruClions, and Purpofes, as if he or they had been originally by this ACt nominated a Truftee or Truftees for the Purpofes aforefaid.

VIII.	Saving always to the King’s Moll Excellent Majefty, and to His Heirs and Succeffors, and to all and every other Perfons and Perfon, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Succeffors, Execucors, and Adminiftrators (other than and except the laid now Lord Tburlow, and all and every the Son and Sons of the laid Edward now Lord Tburlow, and the Heirs Male of the Body and Bodies of fuch Son and Sons refpe&ively j and the faid Thomas Tburlow, and all and every the Son and Sons of the laid Thomas Tburlow, and the Heirs Male of the Body and Bodies of fuch Son and Sons refpeClively, and the faid Edward South Tburlow and the faid Edward Tburlow j and all and every the Son and Sons of the faid Edward Tburlow, and the Heirs Male of the Body and Bodies of fuch Son and Sons refpeClively j and the faiA Frederick Charles Tburlow, and all and every the Son and Sons of the faid Frederick Charles Tburlow, and the Heirs.Male of the Body and Bodies of fuch Son and Sons refpe&ively ; and the faid Charles Augujlus Tburlow, and all and every the Son and Sons of the faid Charles Augujlus Tburlow, and the Heirs Male of the Body and Bodies of fuch Son and Sons refpe&ively; and the faid Henry Robert Tburlow, and the Heirs Male of his Body, and all and every the Son and Sons hereafter to be born to the faid Edward South Tburlow, and the Heirs of his and their Body and refpe&ive Bodies ■, and the faid Catherine Thurlow, and all and every the Son and Sons and Daughter and Daughters of the faid Catherine Tburlow, and the Heirs of the Body and Bodies of all and every fuch Son and Sons and Daughter and Daughters refpeCtivcly j and the faid David Cunyngbame and Mary his Wife, and the faid Edward Tburlow Cunyngbame, and all and every Son and Sons of the faid Edward Tburlow Cunyngbame, and the Heirs Male of the Body and Bodies of fuch Son and Sons relpedively, and all and every other the Son and Sons of the laid Mary Cunyngbame, and the Heirs of the Body and Bodies of fuch Son and Sons reipeftivdy, and all and every the Daughter and Daughters of the faid Mary Cunyngbame, and the Heirs of the Body and Bodies of fuch Daughter and Daughters refpec-tively, and the right Heirs of the faid Edward late Lord Tburlow, and all and every other Perlonsand Perfon claiming or to claim any Eltate, Right, Title, or Intercft of, in, and to the faid Manor, Meffuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, Vicarage, Tythes, and Hereditaments hereby veiled and fettled as [.hoc. & Per.]	25	K	aforefaid

General

Saving.

2246

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 115.

aforefaid under or by virtue of the faid Will and Codicils of the faid Ed-ward late Lord Thurlow) all fuch Eftate, Right, Title, Intereft, Claim, and Demand whatfcever, of, in, to, or out of the fame Manor, Mefiiiages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, Vicarage Tyches, Hereditaments, and Premifes, and every or any Part thereof, as they, every or any of them, had before the palling of this Ac!, or could or might have had, held or enjoyed in cafe this b..d not been made.

Public Aft. IX. And be it further enacted, That this AcHhall be printed by the Printer to the King’s Mofi Excellent Majefty, and a Copy thereof fo printed fhall

be admitted as Evidence thereof by ail Judges, Juftices, and others.

f.st-B-P B- ^

[ 2247 ]

Th? SCHEDULE referred to by the foregoing ACT.

Houfe, Buildings, Yard, Garden and Orchard, and feveral | Fields, Clofes or Parcels of 1 Land, Arable Meadow and I Pafture -	]

Houfe.Out-ouildings,Garden and Orchard, and leveral Fields, I Clofes or Parcels of Land, j Arable Meadow and Pafture J

Houfe, Offices and Home Ground J and feveral Fields, Clofes or ( Parcels of Land, Arable Mea- ( dow and Pafture -	-	J

Houfe, Yards, &c. and feveral "I Fields, Cloles or Parcels of I Land, Arable Meadow and | Failure	J

The ManororLordlhipof Wick-' ham Skeith, with the Quit Rents, Rights, Royalties, Members and Appurtenance* thereunto belonging; the Vi carge of Wickham Skeith, with all the Great and Small Tythes belonging thereto, and arifing within the Parifh of Wickham	j

Houfe, Yards, &c. and the feve- j ral Fields, Clofes or Parcels j of Land, Arable Meadow and ( Pafture ...

Thorpe Morieux,

Charles Rogei

Henry Whiteman

l-9$o

LONDON: Printed by George Eyke and Andrew Strahan Printers to the King’s mod Excellent Majefty. i8o3.

si! v	(-r»vwou

7:	•	-i!''.-'	•	V	>’	;•>>,. he 9 1 Jl!'.-. ;;l! 3 If-	»•>	> 7

i‘..n .»>:«?*	1"'• ■'! 1'OiM'gt.})"]' ••••,.5.:i. gu'.rtg^jiE-	1	.. ,m*>-

W! !'•<! SP i* tftltffur J,. ■■ %	J>iy t»XH JJl*	.■»*

■	^ - O'!""	■'	C-V-	-O	:-'v

jttv’	J	wq	v	*y< <>i£f6&cq	fmq	'.i* {prtii;- ^

; "' ' ft *1	•	-I	■	;■•,!	■	1	;■	•	r;	'•	. : = j C \	%%

i‘ id j;- ut Ulan.req* ctjnnsaitf iWJ Hoai-<v> i J tjcctiiuixj* * &

••;»•	'	■ l j)un|««o* •,,» .Van	#tojj	,	'

jj. iJj.’j tl.jn,,,- j •! ttci- c..-,UI!)f 0$ V','-1'	<	I-'1	.	’	V

fnu, ro rtrfff'tjp-j tuq b (7oj| r ii: i^wtjfrw.o n: .;j.\ i , O1 , ■ £ L Hit ■ I' qia 'fiiwf <THf[ filer: T». .•	■: y- • ^ ’• i» "

JLM. i-HKKr« H!» |F*W* K -i V*"'-

i'fcuicq	.	>	•	'	s	>&»

{»jwc ?1 «td<j ,'(Oi «>.(ret	>jk;cjm -

■

'

i:0	1	.1	■ r--i|: ■'	. 1 ■ v. r"y . '	' .1* *3 '"UC

i’v	•

y ■ Q	O .* M fJ)C	$,ttvw*V

'(Jiysl*	ypopnj^p^ fjrc. QO]]'e£t

- ■:.!	&n-W

C-"V fa

»>• ■-*««»■ *«**»*>*

OEQ#iI! HI* BECI3

w. :o nr>v:	v.;uio	ocj.vao

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

**********************************************«(#*****

Cap. 116.

An Ad for enabling the Mailer, Warden, Fellow?, Brethren, Sifters and Scholars of the College of God's Gift in Dulwich, in the County of Surrey, to grant a Leafe or Leafes of certain Eftates belonging to the fame College in the faid County, purfuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpofe ; and alfo to grant Building Leafes of other Parts of the fame Eftates; and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.	[18th June 1808.]

WHEREAS His Majefty King James the Firft* by Letters Patent Letter* pa* dated the Twenty-fir ft Day of June in the Seventeenth Year of ynt11* His Reign, did grant and give Licence to Edward Alleyne James I. to Efquire to erect and found a College in Dulwich in the County of Surrey, which fhould endure for ever, aud confift of One Mafter, One Warden, air Four Fellows, Six poor Brethren, Six poor Sifters, and Twelve poor Scholars, to be maintained, educated and governed, according to fuch Ordinances and Statutes as fhould be made and ordained by the faid Edward Alleyne; and it was ordered that the faid College fhould be called “ The College of God's Gift in Dulwich in the County of Surreyand that the faid Mafter, Warden, Four Fellows, Six poor Brethren, Six poor Sifters, and Twelve poor Scholars, and their SuccefTors, fhould be One Body Corporate, and have perpetual Succefiion for ever, and have a [Lor. b9 Per.]	25	L	Common

2250

The Co'lege founded by Edward Al-leyue 16,9.

Fine levied

of the Eftatei to the U e of tin College.

Statutes of the College.

48’GEORGII III. Cap. 116.

Common Seal; and His faid Majefty did further giant and give Licence unto thefaid Mafter, Warden, Fellows, Brethren, Sifters and Scholars, to pur-chafe and take to them and their SuccefTors for ever for their Maintenance and Relief from, the faid Edwa d Alleyne the Manor or Lordfhip of Dulwich, with the Rights, Royalties, Members, and Appurtenances in the Parifh of Camberwell in the Counties of Surrey and Kent, or in either of them, and divers Mtffuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the faid Letters Patent more particularly defcribed, fituate and being in Dulwich aforefaid and in the Parifh of Lambeth in the faid County of Surrey ; and alfo all thofe Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the Parifh of Saint Botolph without Bifhopgate London, which defcended and came to the faid Edward Alleyne from his Father Edward Alleyns deceafed ; and alfo all thofe Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, Garden, Hereditaments, and Building of the faid Edward Alleyne, then called by the Name of the Fortun in White • rofs Street and Golden Lane, in that Part of Saint Giles Cripplegate London which is in Middlcfex (now Saint Luke Old Street); and his faid Majefty did give Licence to the faid Edward Alleyne to grant and affure unto the faid Matter, Warden, Fellows, Brethren, Sifters and Scholars, and their SuccefTors, for the Ufes, Intents, and Purpofes aforefaid, all that the faid Manor and other the Hereditaments with the Appurtenances (the Statute of Mortmain or any other Act to the contrary thereof notwiihftanding) and alfo Licence and Authority to the faid Edward Alleyne to make and conftitute Statutes and Rules for the Maintenance, Education and Government, as well of the faid College as of all and every the faid Manor and other Hereditaments j and His faid Majefty did appoint the Archbifnop of Canterbury for the Time being to be the Vifitor of the faid College: And whereas the faid Edward Alleyne did Tome Time in the Year One thoufand fix hundred and nineteen, purfuantto the faid Letters Patent, found and eftablifh a College in Dulwich aforefaid, by the Name of li The College of God's Gift in Dulwich in the County of Surrey,'* and did alio eftablifh the firft Members of the fame, and the Mafter, Warden, Four Fellows, Six poor Brethren, Six poor Sifters, and Twelve poor Scholars, to be a Body Corporate ; and the faid Edward Alleyne afterwards levied a Fine of the faid Manor, and other Hereditaments comprized in the faid Letters Patent, the Ufes whereof were declared to enure to the Ufeof himfelf for Life, with Remainder to the foie and only Ufe of the then Mafter, Warden, Four Fellow's, Six poor Brethren, Six poor Sifters, and Twelve poor Scholars of the faid College, and their SuccefTors for ever : And whereas the faid Edward Alleyne, hath by Two feveral Statutes made purfuant to the faid Letters Patent, ordained that no Leafe or Demife fhould be made of any of the Lands given by him to the faid College, but at One of the Publick Audit Days, by the Confent and Approbation of the Mafter, Warden, Afiiftants, Senior and Junior Fellow's of the faid College, cr the moft Pari of them there prefent, under their Hands and Common Seal of the faid College, and that fuch Leafes fhould be granted for no longer Term than One and Twenty Years, with a valuable Rent refe’-ved thereon, and without Fine, and that no Part of Two hundred Acres of Coppices or Wood Lands, nor fo much of the Arable and Pafture Land belonging to the faid Collage, which fhould be ui’ed as a Demefne for Pro-vifion, thereunto fhould be demifed in Leafe to any Perfon whatfoever, but that the fame fhould remain in the Occupation of the College, and be hufbanded by the Mafter and Warden with the Confent of moft Part of the Senior and Junior Fellows thereof, to thebeft Benefit and Advantage

■2251

48'GEORG,11 III. Cap. nb:

of the College, and for the better and more eafy Provifion of Bread and Beer and other Vi&uals, asalfo for Fuel for the faid College : And whereas fmce the Introdu&ion. of Coal, the faid Coppices of Wood Lands have not been uled for the Purpofe defigned by the faid Edward Alleyme: And whereas many Parts of the faid Eftate and Lands of the laid College, in-eluding the faid Coppice or Wood Lands, as alfo Part of the Lands lying1 for building, near to the fame College, are very eligibly f/tuated for building thereon, which Building would greatly increafe the Value of the College Eftates, and further ihe bnevolent Defign of the Founder ; but by reafon of the faid Statutes the College are retrained from managing their Eftate to the beft Advantage, and the Eftates of the laid College have not improved in the fame Proportion as the Eftates of Individuals, notwithftanding they are fubjecl to the progreffive encreafmg and neceffary Burthens, and to the qncreafed Price of every Article of Life, and in many Inllances (as being a corporate Body fupporting a large Eftabliftiment) to more than an equal Share: And whereas notwithftanding tile faid College are reftrained from	,1nvtf

granting Leafes for a longer Term than Twenty-one Years, yet many ff-gc tllc Perfons have been induced to build valuable Houfes on the Eftate thereto Eiutc. belonging, and to rebuild others, trufting to the Honour of the faid College and their good Faith not to take any undue Advantage ; and other Perfons might be induced fo to do, but fuch Tenure is precarious and unpleafant to both Landlord and Tenant, and may be the Source of Litigation and Diifcniion, and more efpccialiy as Land fo let will not produce to the faid College the Rental that it otherwife would, and that a private Individual might fairly exped : And whereas by Articles of Agreement indented Recital of bearing Date on or about the Twenty-ninth Dasy of September, in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and feven, and made between the Mafter, to'nppl^to Warden, Four Fellows, Six .pop#* Brethren, Six poor Sifters, and Twelve poor Scholars of the faid College of God's Gift of the One Part, and John September1 Adcock of Dulwich in t he Parifh of Saint Giles Camberwell in the faid County 1807. pf Surrey Efquire, Edward Browne of Dulwich aforefaid Efquire, Jamej?

Bartlett of Du.wich afordaid Farmer, John Bowles of Dulwich aforefaid Efquire, Kichard Henry Clarke of Dulwich aforefaid Efquire, John Druce of Fulham in the County of Midd icy ex Efquire, Nathaniel Bogle French of Dulwich aforefaid Efquire, David Gordon of Dulwich aforefaid Efquire,

Thomas Griffith of Dulwich aforefaid Efquire, Sarah Hacks of Dulwich aforefaid Widow, Charles Frederick Hennings oil Dulwich aforefaid Efquire,

George Harris of Dulwich aforefaid Efquire, David Lyon of Dulwich aforefaid Efquire, Henrietta Lawrence of the Parifh of Saint Giles Camberwell aforefaid Widow, Peter Martineau of Dulwich aforefaid Efquire, Richard Shawe of Dulwich aforefaid Efquire, Anthony Sterry of Dulwich aforefaid Gentleman, George Sharpe of Dulwich aforefaid Efquire, John Willes of Dulwich aforefaid Efquire, and le i!!lain Wood Watfon of the Parifh of Saint Mary Lambeth in the faid County of Surry Efquire, of the other Part; after Reciting • that the faid feveral Perfons above named had applied to and requeued the faid Mafter, Warden, Fellows, Brethren, Sifters, and Scholars,

(in Confideration of the great Cofts and Charges which the faid feveral Perfons or thofe from whom they had refpeftively purchafed the fame) had been refpeclively put to, in cre&ing and building on thofe Parts of the Edates of the laid College of God's Gift, mentioned and fpecified in the Schedule thereunder written, and in the Firft Schedule to this annexed, the feveral capital Meffuages or Tenements, and other Buildings in

4§° GEORGII III; Cap.xi6.

the fame Schedule alfo fpecified (to grant them refpedlively Leafes thereof for a long Term of Years), upon the Terms and Conditions therein and hereinafter mentioned ; but that inafmuch as the faid Mailer, Warden, Fellows, Brethren, Sillers, and Scholars were rellridled by the Statutes of the faid College from granting Leafes for any longer Term than Twenty lone Years, it was thereby mutually covenanted, declared, and agreed, by and between the faid Parties thereto, and the faid Mailer, Warded, Fellows, Brethren, Sillers and Scholars, did thereby covenant with the faid feveral abovenamed Perfons, and their refpedlive Executois, Adminillrators, and Affigns, thattheythe faidMaller, Warden, Fellows, Brethren, Sillers, and Scholars wbuldapply for an Adi of Parliament to authorize and empower them to make, grant, and execute a Leafe or Leafes, to fuch feveral Perfons refpedlively and their refpedtive Executors, Adminillrators and Affigns, of the feveral Pieces or Parcels of Land and Hereditaments in the Schedule thereunder written, and alfo in the faid Firlt Schedule to this Adi annexed particularly mentioned and expreffcd and fet againll the Names of fuch Perfons refpedlively, fituate, lying and being in the faid Pa-rilhes of Saint Giles Camberwell and Saint Mary Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, with the capital Manfions, MelTuages, or Tenements, Offices, and other Eredlions and Buildings thereon eredled and built by the faid feveral Perfons, or thofe from whom fuch Perfons had refpedti'ely purchafed the fame with their and every of their Appurtenances ; to hold the fame unto fuch Perfons refpedlively, and their refpedlive Executors, Adminillrators, and Affigns, for the Term of Sixty-three Years, to commence from the Periods, and at, under and fubjedl to the feveral Yearly Rents mentioned and expreffed in the fame Schedules, and it was thereby mutually covenanted, declared and agreed by and between the faid Parties thereto, that the faid feveral Leafes when made and executed ffiouid contain a Covenant on the Part of the faid feveral Perfons refpedlively and their refpedlive Executors, Adminillrators, and Affigns, for the Payment of the Rents thereby to be referved, by Four equal Quarterly Payments during every Year of the faid Term fo to be granted, clear of all Taxes and Dedudlions whatfoever (except any Income or Property Tax in refpedl of the faid Rents) and alfo Covenants from the faid feveral Perfons and their refpedlive Executors, Adminillrators, and Affigns, to repair and keep in Repair the Mefluages, Eredlions, and Buildings, erected and built and to be erected and built on the fame Premifes, and to furrender and leave in Repair the fame MelTuages, Erections, and Buildings at the End of the Term in fuch Leafes granted, and alfo a Power for the Mailer, Warden, Fellows, Brethren, Sillers, and Scholars, and their SuccelTors, and their Surveyors and Agents, to enter upon the Premifes and to infpect the State and Condition thereof, and alfo all fuch other ufual and proper Covenants, Provifoes, and Conditions, on the Parts of the faid feveral Perfons refpectively, and their refpective Executors, Adminillrators, and Affigns, as are ufually inferted in the Leafes from the faid College and in Leafes of the fame or the like Nature * and further, that the faid feveral Leafes when made and executed Ihould contain Conditions of Re-entry for Non-payment of the Rents to be thereby referved, or Non-performance of the Covenants, Provifoes, or Conditions, on the Part of the faid feveral Perfons refpedlively and their refpedlive Executors, Adminillrators, and Affigns, and that they Ihould feverally execute Counterparts of their refpedlive Leafes ; and laflly, the faid feveral Perfons therein-before and in the faid Schedule named did refpedlively agree to accept and take fuch Leafes refpedlively of the Premifes mentioned

2253

48° GEORGII lit; Cap. 116.

tioncd and fpecified in the faid Schedule for the faid .Term of Sixty-three Years from the Periods and at under and, fubjeH to the Rents therein alfo fpecified and contained, and under and fubjcdt to the Covenants, Conditions, and Agreements, contained and expreiTed in fuch Leafes fo to be granted as aforefaid: And whereas the Eftates of the faid College in White Ertaiesin Crofs Street, and Golden Lone aforefaid, and'Courts adjoining in the Parifh of Saint Luke Middle],sw, more particularly mentioned and deferibsu in 1 .olden iv.e the Second Schedule to this Act annexed, have become old and ruinous and require to be pulled down and rebuilt, but the fame cannot be done qu r- to bo by reafon of the faid College being reftrained from granting Leafes for a ,cbUi1 • longer Term than Twenty:one Years: And whereas it would be of great ^"college Benefit and Advantage to the faid College, if the faid recited Contract or t«. c try the Agreement was carried into Execution, and it would he alfo of Advantage to the faid College, if the faid Mafler, Warden, Fellows, Brethren, Execution Sifters, and Scholars, and their SuccefTors, were enabled to extend the laid j^xien(*‘lIie Term of Sixty-three years in the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, contained in the faid Firft Schedule for a longer Term by Way of Fine and alfo to grant Building Leafes of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, belonging to the faid College fituate in Dulwich aforefaid, and in the faid Parifh of Saint Luke Middiefe;; more particularly mentioned and defer ibed in the faid Second Schedule to this Act annexed for a long Term of Years, under and fubjeCt to fuch Terms, Conditions and Agr ements, as are herein-after mentioned and contained ; but inafmuch as neither the faid recited ContraH or Agreement nor any of the federal Matters and Things aforefaid, can be fpecifically performed, and carried into Execution without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; therefore Your Ma-jefty’s moft dutiful and loyal Subjects, The laid Mailer, Warden, Fellows,

Brethren, Sifters and Scholars, do moft humbly beleech Your IVlajefty, that it may be enabled ; and be it enacted by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confen, or the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament after foled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and niter the palling < ! this A cl, it PiHV?r,t0 fhall and maybe lawful to and fbrthe faid Maher, Warden, Fellows, Bre- nlirVnftn-^ thren, Sifters, and Scholars, and their SucceiTors, and they are hereby '»=■;-*.! :»n the fully authorized and empowered Dy Indenture or Indentures duly executed S°the 1'Lit^ under their,common Seal, to grant a Leafs or Leafes of all and fingular the Schedule. Meftuages,Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premiles comprized in the laid Firft Schedule to this AH annexed and agreed to be d entiled to the faid feveril Perfons mentioned in the fame Schedule by the faid recited'Contract or Agreement as aforefaid; and alfo of all Ways, Water* cotirfes, Rights, •Eafements, Liberties,' Privileges, Profits, Commodities, Advantages, and Appurtenances whatfoever thereto belonging, for the Term of Sixty-three-'Years, to take E hector be computed from the Periods or Times 'particularly mentioned and fpecified in the faid Schedule to the faid recited Contract or Agreement, a; alfo in the faid Firft Schedule to this Act annexed, at and under the Yearly Rents fpecified in the lame Schedules, and under and fubject to. the Covenants, Conditions, and Agreements mentioned or exprefled in the fame Contract or Agreement and herein’-before recited or Let forth," according* to the trite Intent' and Meaning thereof, and of this Act* ;

II. And be it further enadted, That from and. after the pafting of this AH, it fliall and may be lawful to and for the faid Matter, Warden, Fel- WemiW . [Loe^ Per.]	25	M	lows.

2 2 54

dffcpH-d m Scheu i.li.

The College defiious of redeen.inj it Land Tax.

48“ GEORGII III. Cap. 116.

lows. Brethren, Sillers, and Scholars, and their Succeffqrs, and they arc hereby fully authorized and empowered by Indenture fealed with their common Seal, to demife, leafe, and grant, any Fart or Parts of the Meffuages, Buildings, and P:eces or Parcels of Ground, Hereditaments and Premifes, belonging to thefaid College, fituate, lying and being in Dulwich, 2nd in the Pari’h of Saint Luke aforefaid, and more particularly mentioned and deferibed in the faid Second Schedule to this Act annexed, with the Rights, Eafements, and Appurtenances, thereto reflectively belonging, unto any Perfon orPerfons who fhall be willing to build upon or to rebuild or fubftantially repair the fame in the Manner by the Leafe or refpective Leafes fo to be fpecified for any Term or Number of Years abfolute, not exceeding the Term of Eighty-four Years, to take Effect in Poffeflion and not in Reverfionor by Way of future Intereft, with Liberty for the Leffees to take down all or any Part or Parts of the Buildings, Handing upon the Premifes in any fuch Leafe or Leafes refpe&ively comprized, and to convert and difpofe of the Materials thereof to fuch Ufes and Purpofes as fha.ll be therein mentioned and agreed upon, and alfo to lay out and appropriate any Part of the Premifes to be comprized in fuch Leafe or Leafes as or for a Way or Ways, Paffage orPaffages for the Ufe and Convenience of the Leffee or Leffees, or other Tenants, cr Occupiers of the Premifes, fo as there be referved in and by fuchLeafes, Demifes, and Grants refpe&ively, the beft and molt improved Yearly Rent that can be reafonably had or gotten for the fame, to be made payable Quarterly free from all Taxes and Deductions whatfoever, (except any Income or Property Tax in refpeCt of the faid Rent) Regard being had to the Value of the Buildings (if any) to be comprized in fuch Demifes or Leafes, without taking any Fine, Premium, or Foregifr, or any Thing in the Nature thereof for the making of fuch refpective Leafes, and fo as there be contained in fuch Demifes or Leafes refpectively, Covenants from the refpective Leffees, to pay the Rent thereby referved to build and keep in Repair the Meffuages, Erections, and Buildings, which may be agreed to be erected and built on the Premifes, and alfo fubftantially to repair and keep in Repair the Meffuages, Erections, and Buildings, agreed or intended to be repaired only, and to fur-render and leave in Repair the Meffuages, Erections, and Buildings to be erected and built or rebuilt and repaired, upon the Premifes thereby refpect-ively to be leafed at the End of the Term or Terms in fuch Leafes granted, and fo as there be contained in fuch Demifes, or Leafes refpectively, a Power for the Leffors and their Surveyors and Agents to enter upon the Premifes, and to infpect the State and Condition thereof, and all fuch other ufual and proper Covenants, Provifoes, and Conditions, on the Parts" of the refpective Leffees as are ufually contained in Leafes granted by the faid College, or as are ufually contained in Leafes of the fame or the like Nature, and fo as there be alfo contained in fuch Demifes, or Leafes refpeCtively, Conditions of Re-entry for Non-payment of the Rent to be thereby referved or Non performance of the Covenants, Provifoes, or Conditions on the Part of the refpective Leffees, and fo as the refpective Leffees do feverally execute Counterparts, of their refpective Leafes.

HI. And whereas it would be of Advantage to the faid College, if the faid Mailer, Warden, Fellows, Brethren, Sifters, and Scholars, were enabled to extend the faid Term of Sixty-three Years, for a further Term not exceeding Twenty*one Years, under and fubject to fuch Terms, Con*

8	ditions.

4irGF.ORG 11 III. Cap. ir6.	2255

ditrofts, and Agreements, as are herein-after mentioned and contained; be it therefore enacted, That it (hail and may be lawful to and for the faid Mailer, Warden, Fellows, Brethren, Sifters, and Scholars, and their SuccefTor •, from and after the palling of this Act, (in Confideration of a Sum of Money to be paid by Way of Fine or Premium) to extend the faid Term of Sixty-three Years unto tile faid feveral Perfons mentioned in the Schedule to the faid recited Agreement, and alfo in the faid Firft Schedule to this Adi annexed, and their refpective Executors, Adminiftrators, and Alligns, for any Term or Number of Years, not exceeding in the Whole the Term of Twenty-one Years, to take Effedt in Poffefiion immediately after the Expiration of the faid Term of Sixty-three Years, under and fub-jedl neverthelefs to the like Rents, Covenants, Conditions, and Agreements as are in and by the faid recited Agreement, exprefted and contained, and according to the true Intent and Meaning hereof.

IV.	And whereas the faid College is at prefent greatly out of Repair, and The c ^gp the Weft Wing thereof is in great Danger of falling, and muft fhortly be out of Repair, rebuilt, and a Fund has been for many Years accumulating and faving for

that Pufpofe, now amounting to the Sum of Five thoufand lix hundred Pounds, in the Three Pounds Centum Cord'd i da ted Bank Annuities, but ■thefame is totally inadequate thereto ; be it therefore enacted, That the Surp.usMo-Monies arifing from the faid Fines, or Premiums fa to be received, fhall be n es t., be applied in repairing the faid College or in rebuilding of the fame, either on *£•’’Repair or the prefent Scite, or on fuch other Part of the Eftat.es,belonging to the fame §•<. building College, as the Vifitor thereof for the Time being fhall approve.	lhe Cvl1

V.	Saving always to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, His Heirs and s.ving cJaufe, Succeffors, and to all and every Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Politic, and Corporate, His and their Heirs, Succeffors, Executors, and Adminiftrators (other than and except the faid Mafter, Warden, Fellows, Brethren,

Sifters, and Scholars, and their Succeffors, and Afligns), all fuch Eftate,

Right, Title, Inter eft, Claim, and Demand whaifoever, in, to, orcu:of the faid MefTuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, comprized in the faid Schedules to this Act annexed, as they or any of them had or were entitled to, at or before the paffingof this A£t, or could or might have had 'in cafe this Act had not been made.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That this Act fhall be printed by the Printer to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, and a Copy thereof fo printed, fhall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Juftices, and others.

t nd «h-

I erm to the Perfons nen-

Ag 1 cement;

2256

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. n6.

The FIRST SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

LANDS

In the Parilh of Saint Giles Camberwell,

IN SURREY.

James Bartlett John Bowles

Richard Henry Clarke

John Druce

Nathaniel Bogle French

Thomas Griffith

A Mefluage and Offices in the Village of Dulwich, wi:h the Garden and Ground, containing Two Roods and Seven Poles

A Mefluage, Cottage, Stables, Outbuild- -\ ings, and Garden behind, in the Village of I Michaelmas Dulwich, containing One Ac; r*'

Roods and Three Poles

Three Dwelling Houfes at the Entrance of Dulwich, and Two Roods of Land - J

A Mefluage and OfBces on the North Sidey of Dulwich Common, with Pleafure and ( Garden Ground, containing Four Acres f and Two Roods	-	-	'

A Mefluage with Offices, and Outbuildings, Padd nk and Ground, in Dulwich, con- I

g Eight Acres Two Roods and Ei

'gbij

A Mefluage and Officeson theNcrth Side of"l Dulwit h Common, with Garden behind, s and Ground opposite, conraitjingSix Acres J

A capital Mefluage and Offices in his Oc- » cupation adjoining the Road to Ireland / Green in Duiwich, with Pleafure and [ Garden Ground, containing Ten Acres J

A capital MefTuage, Offices and Lodge, Gardens 3nd Ground on Dulwich Hill, containing Twenty-two Acres and Thirty-three Poles

A Mefluage and Offices in his Occupation near the Entrance of Dulwich, with Garden, Orchard, and Paddock, containing Six Acres Three Roods and Seven Poles

Michaelmas

1805

Lady Day 1787 '

Lady Day 1790

Lady Day 1804

Michaelmas

2800

Michaelmas

1800

Lady Day

*795

4S° GEORG 11 III. Cep. 116,

2257

		—a—	
	Lamh a nd remifes to be demifed.		KENT.
	— • —* V		
			
Sarah Hucks	A Meftuage and Garden in the Village of»j Dulwi li, containing Twenty-fix Poles, / with Offices andGroun.l oppofite; contain- ( ing One Acre One Rood and Four Pples J	Lady Day l'l9 4	, O , 0
Charles 1'rederick Hennings - J	A MetlQage and OHices adjoining Dulwich^ Common, on the Road to Sydenham, with f Gardens and Ground, cohtainingTwenty-v two Acres Two Roods and Twenty-five 1	Michaelmas - *8o3	104 O 9
			
George Harris	A MefTuage, Offices and Garden adjoining a ] 1 ill Place, on the Weft Side o' .Dulwich / Common, containing Three Roods and r Eight Poles - - - - J	Michaelmas  I/9°	8 O 9
David Lyon	A capital Meftuage, Offices and Lodge, o Ga-d-us. and Ground on Dulwich : Hill, / containing Twenty Acres One Rood and l Three Poles - - - J	•  Michaelmas  1800	120 O 9
Henrietta Laurence -	A Cottage, Ram, Garden and Ground on 1 Dulwich Hill, containing Two Acres a Three Roods and Eight Poles - - 3	Michaelmas  1800	210 0
Peer Martinean	A capital Meffiuage and Offices on Dulwich J Hill, with Gardens and Plea hire Ground, > containing Eight Acres and Three Roods J	Lady Day 1804	43 *o 0
Richard Shawe	A capital Manfion and Offices on Dulwich J Hill, with Gardens and Pleafure Grounds, / containing Fifteen Acres One Rood and [ Six Poles J	Michaelmas  1800	So 0 0
Same	A -Me flu age adjoining Ireland Green in J -Dulwich, with.O.u:buildings, Garden and / Pleafure Ground, containing Three Acres f and'jfwp,Roods - -J	Lady Day 1803	28 O 0
Anthony Srerry	A - ge and,Offices in Dulwich, on the^ North Side, of- the Road to Sydenham, 1 containing Three Acres and Thiity-feven 1 Poles , - - - -J	Michaelmas  ■7 9<>	20 0 0
George Sharpe	• • ■ V. J  A capital Meftuage and Offices on Dulwich J Hill, j with Outbuildings, Gar.lens and > Piealijre Ground, containing Seven Acres-'	Michaelmas  iSojt	50 0 0
John Willes	A capital Meffuage andOffices on the Weft j Sitlc cjf the College in Dulwich, with Cottage or Eaqji.-hqufe, Canal, -Gardens, \ Pleafujre and other Grounds, containing [ Forty^-fix Acres Three Roods and Twenty-four Poles - * - - J	Michaelmas  178]	23° 0 0

25W

[loc. (S' Fer.^

225^

48* GEORG 11 III. Cap. u6.

LAND in the Pariih of St. MARY LAMBETH.

Leflecs Naraei,	Land* and Prcmifcs to be demifed.		jil	.RENT.
William Wood Watfon	Acipital Mefl'uage in bis own Occupation" on the South Side of the Road leading from Denmark Hill, with the Garden and Pleafure Grounds, containing Eight Acres Two Roods and Seven Poles, part of the Ground lying in Camberwell Pariih	■	Michaelmas  *794	£■ s. d. 4# 0 0
Same	A Mefl’uageand Offices on the South Side' of the Road leading from Denmark Hill, late in the Occupation of Benjamin Tomkins, with Garden and Pleafure Ground, containing One Acre and Three Roods		Michaelmas  1807	24 a 0

Compared with the Schedule to the Agreement of Twenty-ninth September One thoufand eight hundred and i'even, by me,

Charles Druce, Steward of the College.



48° GEORG 11 III. Cap.116.

The SECOND SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

The MANOR of DULWICH, viz.

Acres	Roods. Poles	
XIO	°	O
11	0	0
20 5	0	0
'	3	O
2	3	39
14	2	25

The Common

The Wades

The Coppices

The Avenue

Rqund Green and Nurfery

Home Field, Grove Field,! and Field adjoining J

The Scite of the College,-) Courts, Yards an l Gar- | dens, in cafe the College I, fhali, with the Approba- Y tionof the Vifitor, be re- | builtuponanyotherScite J

Two Fields in the Occupation of Peter Mar-“ tineau, adjoining the new private Road

A Field adjoining the new private Road, in”^ the Occupation of David Lyon - J

A Mefluage and Four Field?, in the Occu-’ paiion of Charles Clarke and Richard Shawe

A Field adjoining the new private Road, in"l the Occupation of Thomas Griffith - J

A Mefluage in Dulwich and Five Inclofures, ” in the Occupation of William Parry

Two Tenements near the Common, and Three Inclofures near the private Road Penge, in the Occupation of James Bart

Ten Mefluages, Windmill, and a Meadow, on Leafe to James Lee and William J' kins

Tenement and Garden, in the Occupation 1 of Judith Holloway	-	-	J

13 3 37 600

13	1	18

23 2 28

£■ '■ d.

50	O © 23 o o

51	o o

37 17 o 84 o o

39 o o

22 59

2260

48'GEORGII III. Cap. 116.

Two MefFuagesand Seven Inciofures, in the Occupation of Clarkfon Palmer and his > 31 Under-tenant -	-	-	)

r. p. £. s. d.

O o

Aores.Roods.PoIe*.

Dulwich Court Farm, late-)  Coleman - ~f5 ° 3	
Two Fields by the Gypfcy"!  Houfe, Ditto - ! ’3	
TwoMefluage*, Blackfmith’sl  Shop, Stables, Tenements [• 21 2 *nd Meadow, Citlo 3	$S 3 38
	
A Field called Brownings, in Dulwich Vil-'l lage, in Occupation of Samuel Bradley /	7 3 3
Two Fields by the Turnpike on the Com-'l mon, in Occupation of John Corner - J	12 2 14
Four Fields adjoining the Common, late in "I the Occupation of Ifaac Wheeler - J	29 1 16
Mefluage and Field, in the Occupation of J Charles Brent Barry - - J	4 3 26
The Crown Public Houfe, let to Ifaac Ellis, with Two Dwelling Houfes and fmall > Gardens - - J	010
Mefliiage and Garden in the Occupation ©PI Rebecca Tawke - - - J	O 2 30
Eight Mefluages and Two Inciofures, let to ~| Benjamin ’Fayle and Mary Adams ~ J	9 °.»S
Two Fields adjoining Dulwich Court Lane,"! in the Occupation of John Adcock - j	.7 0 ij
A iflefruagd*let to William Billiter	O I 29
Two Mefluages near the College, let to \ Ifafcel Adams - - -j	0 1 7
Three Meadows adjoining and near to the-. Back Lane in Dulwich, in the Occupa- j> tion of Sarah Hucks - -J	“ 3
Five Inciofures and a Piece of Wafle near-Dulwich Court Lane, in the Occupation cf Edward Browne - - -r	35 1 24
A Tenement, Three Cottages, Shop, .Gar--dens and Small Meadow, and a Field by |> Croxtead Lane, let to Thomas Turk -	9 3 26
AMefluage, Two Cottages, and Five Pieces'! of Land, let to Thomas Wright - J	16 1 15

104. 3 O 4° 15 c 63	°	®

117 o o 40 o « 20 2 o

20 O O

50 O O

26 o o ‘3 P. o 36-O o

JS o Q

77 .0 o

5-oo 40 o o

48° GE O RGII III. Cap. 116.

2261

Five Fields adjoining LqrdfHip Lane, lately 1 on leafe to Thomas Griffith - J	A. R. P. 42 2 22
M- ffuageand Field near Lordfhip Lane, ini the Occupation ot William Glennie - J	IO O 21
A Cottage and Garden ip Lordffiip Lane, in 1 the Occupation 0.' Mi. Stedman - J	0 0 18
A Mefluage and Seven Inclofures, in thel Occupation of Percival North - J	52 2 j
Four Inclofures, in the Occupation of John \ Jephfon - - - J	34 0 3°
Several Tenements near the Common, and-. Three Fields near Sydenham Hill, let to > William Oxlade - - J	19 2 14
Three Fields, in the Occupation of Sarah 1 Bond, near the Common - - /	45 2 13
Private Road and Two Fields, in theOccu-l pation of John Scott, leading to Pengs J	23 2 13
Two Fields, in the Occupation of James 1 Mai!hall j - - J	19 I O
Three Fields, in the Occupation of George 1 Har.is - -J	13 X I
A Mefluage and Four Fields adjoining the-. Common, in the Occupation of William J> Orme - - •	18 3 13
A Mefluage and Four Fields adjoining Dul--. w eh Common, in the Occupation of Daniel Stowe - - -J	21 I 4
Eight Meffuages on the North Side of Dul--. wich Common and Four Fields, on leafe > to Samuel Browne andAlexander Glennie	21 1 12
Stable and Coach-houfes, late Dr. Allen’s J pear the Common - - J	0 O 12
Mefluage and Three Fields, let to Fleetwood J Bury - - J	18 2 II
Mefluage and Fields adjoining the Common -| and Croxtead Lane in the Occupation of Robert Brettell -	12 O 3
Four Meffuages and Meadow near the Com-1 mon, let to Elizabeth Thorp - J	2 3 13
Two Meffuages and Five Inclofures, let to' John A year ft	21 3 11
\Loc. & Per.] 25 0	

£■ '■ * 63 O O

60 o o

O I o

138 o o

53 11 0

36 o o

97 *7 o 38 o o 27 10 0 24 o « 38 0 o

70 o o 72 o o o 10 o 48 o o 32 o o 3200 75 0 0

226 2

48° GEORGII HI. Cap. 116.

The Greyhound, Nine Mefluages and a Mea- [ dow, let to Robert Boxall	- S

Seven Tenements, let to Mrs Shawe and 1 Mrs. Hughes	-	-	J

i Dulwich, let to



A Me linage and Land Mrs. Rix

Two Fields, in the Occupation of Richard \ Henry Clarke	-	J

A Mefluage and Three Fields at Ireland-. Green, and Two near Croxtead Lane, let \ to William Hudfon	-

The Half Moon Public Houfe and feveral Inclo-fures of Meadow Land

Two Tenements and,Garden"t on the Wafte, let to Na- s thaniel Bogle French - J

Acres. Roods.Pole:

37	*	9

A. R P.	£■ • d-
8 a 28	3° ° °
o i 5	i3 o °
8 “ 33	30 O O
7 0 3s	9OO
31 3 39	66 00

Two Mefluages and Land near Ireland Green,' let to George Whitfield	-	J

A Field adjoining tbe Sydenham Road, in "I the Occupation of John Bowles - j

A Mefluage on the North Side of the Com-“j mon and a Field, in the Occupation of y Samuel Lancalier	-	-	J

37 3 18

i 35

3 *s

In the Pariflies of CAMBERWELL and LAMBETH Intermixed.

One Inclofure adjoining Champion Hill, in'! the Occupation of Mr. Gonne - j

Eight Tenements near Champion Hill, let'') to Theophilus Lightfoot, and Land in the y Occupation ofMr. Croughton - J

A Field in the Occupation of George Sharpe, *1 adjoining Champion Hill » J

^S-GEORGII III. Cap. n6>	2263

	In the Parifh of Saint Luk:	, Miildlefcx	
	s  Four Mefluages in Golden Lane	A. R. P.	L- r. d.
	Two Mefluages behind the fame Twenty-four Mtfl'uages in Pbyhoufe Yard Three Mefluages in Swallow Alley Eight Mtfl'uages in Parrott Court Two Mefluages in a Paflage Four Mefluages in Whitecrofs Street	i . . .	K A  200 O 6
	Total—Forty-feven ;—all let to David Bucklce, an<l moll ly occupied by Weekly Tenants, at One Rent ol - j		

Charles t)ruce,

Steward of the Colleges

LON DON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty. 1808,

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 117.

An Aft for veiling certain Eftates in the Counties of Warwick, Middlefex, and Montgomery, late of the Right Honourable Robert Earl of Catherlough de-ceafed, in Truftees, in Trull to be fold; and for inverting the Money aiding from the Sale thereof in the Purehafe of other Eftates, to be fettled to the fubftfting Ufes of the Will of the faid Robert Earl of Catherlough, and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.	[18th	June	1808.]

WHEREAS the Right Honourable Robert Earl of Cctberlougb Vi (count Barrels and Baron Luxborougb of Shannon in the K ng-dom of Ireland, duly figned and publiihed his l ift W 11 and Teftament bearing Date the Eleventh Day of February One thou and fevtn hundred and feventy-two, and (.fter charging all and every his Manors or reputed Manors, Meff ages, Farms, Lunds, Tenements, Rents, Tythts, and Hereditaments, fituate, lying, and be;ng in or arifing out of the Counties of Warwick, Lincoln, and Middlefex, and all his Mefluages, L~nds, Tenements, Tythes and Hereditaments, in the Counties ot Monlgom rjy Salop, Flint, Ckejler, and Worcejler, any or either of them, with the Payment of an Annuity of Four hundred Pounds to Jane Davies (fince de-ceafed) tor her Life, provided flic ftiould continue unmarried, but in cafe [Loc. Per.]	2$	P	.(he

The Will of

the E til of Latherio'igh*

■Gte 1 ijrfc

February

X77*»

2266

48“ GEORGII III. Cap. til.

ihe Ihould marry, then from and after her Marriage with an Annuity of One hundred Pounds for her Life, and after alfo charging his Manor of Edjlone, Part of his fuid Eftates in the Paid County of Warwick, and ail his Meffuages, Farms, Lands, Tythes, Tenements, and Hereditaments thereurto belonging, or fituate within the faid Manor in the faid County of Warwick, with the Paymenc of an Annuity of Three hundred Pounds to Henry Ralegh Knight, (therein called his faid Teftator’s Son or jpeputed Son of his Body on the B,dy of the faid Jane Davies begotfenjjfor his Life, and with ufual Powers of Diftrels and Entry tor fecur'mg'the Payment of the faid feveral Annuities in the Manner in the faid Will particularly mentioned) the faid Teftator did by his faid Will give and devife all and every his laid Manors, MdTuages, Tenements, Farms, Lands, Rents, Tythes and Hereditament unto William Hoed, Efquire, his Executors, Admimf. trators and Afiigns, for the Term of One thou land Years, to be computed from the Day next before the Day of the Death of the faid Teftator, without Impeachment of Wafte, upon the Trufts and for the Purpofes therein and herein-after mentioned and fubjeft and charged as in the faid Will and herein-before is mentioned, the faid Teftator gave and devifed to Sir Harry Burrard Baronet, William Snell Efquire, and William lacomb Efquire, and their Heirs, all his faid Mclfuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments with their Appurtenances-, to hold the lame unto the faid Sir Harry Burrard, William Snell, and William laccmb, and their Heirs,to the Ufes, upon the Trufts, for the Intents and Purpofes, and under and lub. je& to the Powers and Provifces therein-after limited, declared and contained and in Part herein-after mentioned of and concerning the fame (that is to fay) to the Ufe of Robert Knight (therein called his the laid Teftator's Son, or reputed Son of his Body begotten on the. Body of the faid Jane Davies) for his Life without Impeachment of Wafte ; Remainder to the Ufe of the faid Sir Harry Burrard, William Snell, and William lacomb, and their Heirs, during the Life of the faid Robert Knight, in Tiult to fupport the contingent Uics and Eftates therein-after deviled ; Remainder to the Ufe of the F rft and every other Son of the Body of the faid Robert Knight, feverally and fucceffively according to their respective Seniorities in Tail .Male; Remainder to the Uie of the Did Henry Ralegh Knight, lor hisLife without Impeachment of Wafte; Remainder to the Ufe ot the laft named Tniftees and (heir Heirs during the Life of the faid Henry Ralegh Knight, in Truft to fupport the contingent Ufes and Eftates ihercin-aher deviled; Remainder to the Ufe of the Fit ft and every other Son of ihe Body of the faid Henry Ralegh Knight, feverally and fucceffively according to their irefpettive Seniorities in Tail Male; Remainder to the Ufe of all and every other the Son and Sons of the Body of the faid Teftator on the Body of the faid Jane Davies begotten or to be begotten (provided the fame ffiould be born in his the faid Teftator’s Life-time, or within Nine Months next after his Deceafe), feverally and fucceffively according to their iefpe£tive Seniorities in Tail Male ; Remainder to the Ufe of Jane Davies otherwife Knight (therein called the Daughter or reputed Daughter of the Body of the faid Teftator on the Body of the laid Jane Davies begotten) for h^r Life without Impeachment of Wafte; Remainder to the Ufe of the laft named Truftees and their Heirs during the L fe.of his the faid Teftator’s faid Daughter or reputed Daughter Jane Davies otherwile Knight, in Truft to prefervethe contingent Ufes and Eftates therein-after deviled; Remainder to cheUleof theFirft and every other Son of the Body of his the faid Teftatcr’s faid reputed Daughter Jane Davies, other wife Knight 3 feverally 7	and

48»GE0RGII III. Cap. 117.

and fucceffively according to their refpedive Seniorities in Tail Male? Re* mainder to the Ule of the Fiift and every other Daughter of the Body of the faid Robert Knight, feverally and fucceffively according to th ir refpec-tive Seniorities in Tail Male; Remainder to the U!e of the Firft and every other Daughter of the Body of the laid Henry Ralegh Knight, feve a'ly and fucceffively according to their rc-fptdive Seniorities in Tail M 1 ; Remainder to the Ufe of Henrietta Matilda Knight, (therein alio called the Daughter or reputed Daughter of the Body of the faid Telfator on the Body of the faid Jane Davies the Mother begotten) for her Life wi houc Impeachment of Wafte •, Remainder to the Ule of the 1ft named Truftees and their Heirs during the Life of the faid Henrietta Matilda Knight, in Truft topreferve the contingent Ules and Eftates thercin-after dcvifd; Remainder to the Ufe of the Firft and every other Son of the Bo of the faid Henrietta Matilda Knight, feverally and fucceffively according to their relpedive Seniorities in Tail Male; Rrmainder to the Ufe of the Firft and every other Son and Sons, or reputed Son and Sons of the Body of the faid Teftator on the Body of the laid Jane Davies the Mother, to be be* gotten feverally and fucceffively acccording to their refpedive Seniorities in Tail general; Remainder to the Ufe of the Firft and eve>y other Daughter of the Body of the faid Jane Knight, his the faid Teftator’s faid Daughter or reputed Daughter feverally and fucceffively, according to their refpedive Seniorities in Tail Male; Remainder to the Ufe of the Firft and every other Daughter of the Body of the faid Henrietta Matilda Knightj 'his the faid Teftacor’s faid other Daughter or reputed Daughter feverally and fucceffively, according to their refpedive Seniorities in Tail Male, Remainder to the Ufe of the Firft, Second, and all and every other Daughter of the faid Teftator’s Body, on the Body of the faid Jane Davies, then living with him, begotten or to be begotten and to be born during his Life, or within Nine Calendar Months next after hisDc ceafe, feverally and fucceffively according to their refpedive Seniorities in Tail Genera!; and the faid Teftator thereby declared that the Devife of the faid Mano s and Premifes to the faid William Hood for the faid Term of One thoufand Years, was upon the Trufts and for the Purpoles therein and herein-after mentioned (that is to fay) that in cafe the faid Teftator fhould leave any Child or Children by the faid Jane Davies, living at his the faid Tcftator's Death, or born within Nine Months after his Deceafe other than an eldtft br only Son, then that the faid William Hood, his Executors, Admimftra-tors or Affigns, ffiould by and out of the Rents and Profits of the Premifes comprized in the faid Term or by Sale or Mortgage of a competent Part thereof, for all or any Part of the faid Term, raife, levy, and pay the principal Sum of Ten thoufand Pounds apiece for the Benefit of each fuch Child (except an eldeft or only Son) to be paid to the Sons at the Age of Twenty-one Years, and to the Daughters at that Age or upon the Days of their refpedive Marriages; and the faid Teftator directed the faid Wil-Ham Hood out of the Rents and Profits of the faid Hereditaments and Piemifes to raife fuch annual Sums as are therein mentioned for the Maintenance and Education of fuch younger Children during their refpedive Minorities; and in cafe all his the laid Teftatoi's Children by the faid Jane Davies, fliould die under the Age of Twenty-one Years, wiihout leaving Blue living or in being at his or their Death, the fail Teftator charged his faid Manors and other Hereditaments with the Payment of certain Annuities in the faid Will particularly mentioned, and lubj d tftweto'and to the Remedies thereby given for obtaining the Payment thereof.

48s GEORGII I XL	Cap. 117.

of, and in Default of fucivlffue as afore laid, the Lid Tf-ftaror cave and deviftd his laid Manors and other Here it.iments to the feveral Ufes, and in the Manner tlierein-afccr expitiled and contained; and the laid Eef-tator did by his laid Will au henze and empower the leveral and rrtper-tive Per ions who by virtue of his laid Will fhould be mrirled to an Eltate .for Life in Pofiefilon in the Premiles therem-before lipm^d by any Deed or Writing to bt executed a therein mentioned, 10 limit a d appoint an Annuity or Kent Charge of Six hundred Pounds to be iifui g out of all or a competent P<irt oi his faid Manors and other Hereditaments (except his Manor of Edjione and the Mcfiuages, Lands, Tenement', and Hereditaments, thereto belonging) to and for the Ufc of ary Woman they fhould rcfpe&iveiy happen to marry, for the L’fe of fuch Woman for her Jointure, and to grant and limit Powers of Entry and Dniiefs for recovering the fame, and any Term or Terms for Years for better lecuring the Payment thereof :^And whereas, the faid Robert Earl of Gather!ougb executed a Codicil to his faid Will, bt-aiing Date the Twenty-fourth D «y of February One thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, and thereby after reciting that he had agreed with NewJdm Peers Elquire, for the Purchafe of an Eftate fituate in the County of Warwick, and directing that the faid Purchafe fhould be completed and the faid Eft.ue conveyed to the U es in his faid Will contained, concerning the Manors and other Heredilaments thereby deviled, did in all other Re pe&s ratify and confirm his laid Will • And whereas the laid Teitator departed this Life on or about the Thirtittb Day of March One thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, leaving the faid Robert Knight the Firft Son or reputed S n of his Body bv the faid Jane Davies, and the laic! Henry Ralegh Knight, Jane Knight, and Henrietta Matilda Knight, his only other Cnildrcn or repined Children, by the laid Jane Dvies, him furviving : And w hereas the faid Jane Davies the Mother afterwardsaffumed theSumame of Knight, and hath fincedeparted this Life: And whereas the faid Robert Knight, Henry Ralegh Knight, Jane Knight9 and Htnrietla Matilda Knight, have feverally attained the Age of Twenty-one Years, and the faid Robert Knight is the Firft adulc Tenant in Tail, under the faid Will of the faid Robert Earl of Catkerlough, and all Sum and Sums of Money which became raifable under or by virtue of the Trufts of the Did Term of One thoufand Years, and to which the faid Henry Ralegh Knight, Jane Knight, and Henrietta Matilda Knight, became endtleb under or by virtue of the lame Trufts have been long fince raifed and paid: And whereas by an Indenture tripartite, bearing Date the Ninth Day of June One thomand feven hundred and ninety-one, and made between the laid Robert K ight of the Firft Parr, the Right Honourable Charles Dormer, Lord Dormer, and the Honourable Frances Dormer Spin-fter. One of the Daughters of the faid Charles Lord Dormer, then an Infant under the Age ot Twenty one Y*-ars of the Second Part, and James Lockhart the younger, Elquire, and John Ingram Lockhart Elquire of the Third Part, in Confideration of a Marriage then intended, and foon after folemnized between the faid Robert Knight and Frances Dormer, and for other the Confideracions therein mentioned, the faid Robert Knight in purfuance of the Power given to him by the faid recited Will, did grant, limit, appoint, affure, and confirm unto the faid Frances Dormer, from and immediately after the Deceafe of the laid Robert Knight, for and during the Term of the natural Life of the faid Frances Dormer, in cafe the laid then intended Marriage between them fhould take Effect, and fhc fhould happen to furyiye him, one Annuity or Yearly Rem Charge of Six

hundred

48° G E O R. G11 III. Cap. 117.

hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain free from Land Tax and all other Taxes and Deductions whatsoever to be ifiuing out of certain Mefiuages and other Hereditaments therein particularly deferibed (being (uch of the Mefiuages. Farms, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments compelled in, and deviled by the Lid Will of the faid Robert Ea 1 of Catberlough, as are therein mentioned, to be fituated in the County of Montgomery') to hold the faid Annuity or yearly Rent Charge of Six hundred Pounds to the faid Frances Dormer and her Afllgns, from and immediately after the Deceafe of the laid Robert Knight, for the Term of her natural Life, payable as therein mentioned, vv;th ufual Powers of Diftrefs and Entry and Detention of PolTcflion and Perception of Rents and Profits for compelling Payment of the lame Annuity or Rent Charge when in Arrear; and for better fecuring the Payment of the faid Annuity or Rent Charge of Six hundred Pounds, and in purfuance and further Exer-cife of the Powers and Authorities therein-before mentioned and referred to, the faid Robert Knight d;d grant, bargain, fell, limit, and appoint unto the faid James Lockhart 2nd John Ingram Lockhart, their Executors, Ad-miniftrators, and Afligns, all the faid Mefiuages and other Hereditaments therein-fcefore mentioned and deferibed, with their Appurtenances, to hold the fame unto the faid James Lockhart and John Ingram Lockhart, their Executors, Administrators, and Afiigns, from the Solemnization of the faid then intended Marriage, for the Term of Two thou-fand Years (fubjeft to the laid Annuity or Yearly Rent Charge of Six hundrcdPounds, and the Remedies thercin-before limited for the Recovery thereof) upon certain Trulls therein-afeer contained, for better fecuring the Payment of the fame Annuity or Yearly Rent of Six hundred Pounds when in A rrcar; and it is in and by the faid Indenture (amongfi: other Things) provided and declared, that after the Deceafe of the faid Frances Dormer and Payment of all Arrears of the faid Annuity or Yearly Rent, and all Expences occafioned by Non-payment of the fame, the faid Term of Two thoufand Years of and in the feveral Hereditaments therein-before mentioned, or of and in fo much and fuch Parts thereof as fhould not have been difpofed of for the Purpofes aforefaid, fhould ceafe and be void : And whereas the Marriage between the faid Robert Knight and Frances Dormer was folemnized on or about the Twelfth Day of June One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, and there hath been Ifiue between them one Son, namely Henry Knight, who hath fince died an Infant and without Ifiue, and Two Daughters now living, namely Frances Elizabeth Knight, now of the Age of Fifteen Years or thereabouts, and Georgtana Knight, now of the Age of Six Years or thereabouts, and no other Child : And whereas the faid Jane Knight intermarried with Benjamin Bond Hopkins, of the Parilh of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of Middlefex. Efquire, and the faid Benjamin Bond Hopkins hath fince departed this Life without Ifiue by the faid Jane Knight: And whereas the faid Jane, the Widow of the laid Benjamin Bond Hopkins afterwards intermarried with, and is now the Wife of Charles Fuller, of Philberds, in the County of Berks, .Efquire : And whereas there is no lffiie of the faid Jane Fuller, or of the 'faid Henry Ralegh Knight: And whereas the faid Henrietta Matilda Knight intermarried with, and is now the Widow of Michael br.pey, lace a Major in His Majefiy’s Sixth Regiment of Foor, decealed, and the laid Henrietta Matilda lmpey had Ifiue by the faid Michael Impey Three Sons, namely, Henry Ralegh Impey, John Sawrey lmpey, and Michael Elijah Impey, and Three Daughters, namely, Henrietta Matilda Impey, Fiances lmpey, and Ma^ [Loe* Ss9 Per.J	25	ria

22JO

48* GEORG 11 III. Cap. 117.

rla Impey, and no other Child : And whereas the Paid Maria Impey hath departed this Life an Infant: And whereas the Manors, Mefluagcs, Farms, Lands, and otherHereditaments particularly mentioned and deferibed in the faid Firft Schedule to this Ad annexed, are Part of the Eftares which now Hand lettlcd to the Ules of the faid Will of the faid Robert Eari oICather-lough, as herein-before is mentioned, and feveral Parcs of the faid Manors, Mcffuages, and other H-redhaments in the faid Firft: Schedule, mentioned to be fituated in the County of Warwick, li*; detached from the Family Manfion and Refidence ot Barrett*, in the faid County of Warwick, and intermixed with the Lands and Eftates of other Perfons, and the other Parts of the Manors, Me Usages, and other Hereditaments, in the fame Schedule, mentioned to be fuuatein the faid County of Warwick, and in the faid Counties of Middlesex and Montgomery, lie at a very conliderable Diltance from the Family Manfion and Refidence; and it would be for the Benefit of the feveral Perfons interfiled in the fame Eftates, if the faid feveral Manors, Mefiuages, and other Hereditaments particularly mentioned and deferibed in the faid Firft Schedule were veiled in Truftees to be fold, and thr Monies arifing from the Sale thereof inverted in the Pur-chafe of other Eftates, to be lettled to fuch of the Ufes by the faid Will of the faid Robert Earl-of CatherLu^h, limited or contained of and concerning the Manors and other Hereditaments thereby devifed as are now undetermined or capable of taking Effect; but by Reafon of the Limitations contained in the faid Will ol the laid Robert Earl of Catherloughy the Purpofes aforelaid cannot be effc&ed without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; wherefore Your Majcfty’s moft dutiful and loyal Subje&s the faid Robert Knight, as well for himfelf as his faid Infant Children, and the faid Henry Ralegh Knight, Charles Fuller, and Jane his Wife, and the faid Henrietta Matilda Impey, Widow, for herfelf, and for her faid Infant Children, do moft humbly befeech Your Majelly that it may beenaded; and be it enacled by the King’s moft Excellent Majelly, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled,and by the Authority of the fame,That The Manors all and lingular the Manors, MdTuages, Farms, Lands Tenements, Woods, and other He- Rents, and Hereditaments particularly deferibed in the Schedule to this dercHi'e^in Ad annexed intituled, The Firft Schedule, and aifo all and Angular Houfes, theFirilSche- Out-hoofes,Edifices, Buildings, Gardens, Timber and other Trees, Ways, the Appurte- Paths, Pafiages, Ealements, Waters, Watercourfes, Liberties, Privileges, nances,1 <h\H Hereditaments, and Appurtenances whatfoever, to the kmc Manors, Mcf-Trufte«d m fudges, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments fo deferibed in the faid Firft Schedule, or to any of them, or any Part thereof belonging or in any wife appertaining, or with the fame or any of them, or any Part thereof now or at anyTime heretofore held, ufed, occupied, or enjoyedor accepted, reputed, deemed, taken, or known as Part, Parcel, or Member therof,or of any Part thereof, (hall, from and after the palling of this A cl, be veiled in and fettled upon George Wingfield Sparrow, of Montague Street. Rujfell Square^ in the County of Middlefex, Elquirc, and William Wingfield ot Lincoln's-Jnn, in the fame County, Efquire, and the fame are hereby from henceforth veiled in and fettled upon the faid George Wingfield Sparrow and William Wingfield, their Heirs and Afligns, to the Ufe of them the faid George Wingfield Sparrow and William Wingfield, their Heirs and Aftigns for ever, freed and abfolucely difeharged, exempted, and exonerated of, from, and againft all and Angular the Ufes, Eftates, Intails, Remainders, Limitations, Charges, Trulls, Powers, Prsvifoes, Declarations, and Agreements

12.71

48° GEORGII III. Cap.n-j.

ments limited, exprcflcd, or contained in or by the faid Will and Codicil of the faid Robert Earl of Catherlough, but upon the Trulls and ro and lor the Ends, Intents, and Purpofes htrein-after exprefied and declared j that is to lay, upon Trull, that they the faid George Wingfield Sparrow and upo„Trurtfo William Wingfield, and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs and Afiigns of fell the fame. Juch Survivor do, and (hall as foon as conveniently may be, with the Approbation of the faid Robert Knight during his Life, and after his De-cca.'e of the Perfon or Perfons who according to the Ufcs limited or contained in and by the faid Will of the j id Robert Earl of Catherlough, would for the Time being have been beneficially entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments and Premifes hereby veiled and fertled as aforefaid if this Act had not been made, or if any fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall be an Infant or Infants, then with the Approbation of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians to be teft'.fied by Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, make Sale and difpofc of the faid Manors, Mcfiuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments hereby veiled and fettled as aforefaid, or any Part thereof refpeftively, either together or in Parcels, and by publick Auction cr private Contract, unto any Perfon or Peifor.s whomfoever, fur the bell Price or Prices in Money that can at the Time of fuch Sale or Sales be reafonably obtained for the fame, and upon Payment into the Bank, in Manner herein-after mentioned of thePurchafe Money for which the fame Hereditaments and Premifes or any Pait thereof lhall be fo fold, do and (hall convey and aflure the fame Hereditaments fo to be fold and difpofed of unto and to the tJfe of the Pi.rchafer or Purchafcrs thereof refpeftively, and his, her, or their Heirs and Alfigns, cr as he, (he, or they fnall direct or appoint.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums ThiMomcs of Money which lhall arife from the Sales to be made in purfu* ance of this Aft lhall be paid, by the Perfon or Perfons to whom b^paiifiata fuch Sales lhall be made, into the Bank of England in the Name the and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court uid ou^irTthe of Chancery in England, to be placed to his Account there ex parte PutcJwf-of the Purchafers of the Ellates of Robert Earl of Catherlough deceafed, pur- Jo b^fttrW fuantto the Method prescribed by the Aft of the Twelfth Year of the Reign to fuch of the of King George the Firft, Chapter the Thirty-fecond, and the general wnioftbe Rules and Orders of the faid Court, and wirhout Fee or Reward according faid Earl cf to the Aft of the Twelfth Year of King George the Second, Chapter the Twenty-fourth, there to remain until the fame (hall, upon a Petition to be thenfUbftft-preferred to the faid High Court of Chancery in a fummary Way by the inS-Perfon or Perfons who according to the Ufes limited by the faid Will of the faid Robert Earl of Catherlough would for the Time being have been beneficially entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Manors, Mefiuages, and other Hereditaments hereby veiled and fettled as aforefaid if this Aft had not been made, if fuch Perfon or Perfons lhall be of full Age, but if fuch Perfon or Perfons lhall be under the Age of Twenty-one Years, then by his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, be laid out in the Purchafe or Purchafes of Freehold Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of Copyhold Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which may respectively be approved of by the faid Court of Chancery as being convenient to be holden or enjoyed with the Manors and Hereditaments devifed by the faid Will of the faid Robert Earl of Catherlough not hereby made fale-abiej and upon or from and immediately after the making fuch Purcbafe

or

The Money, till inverted i the Pur.

Eftates, laid out ir Navy Bills,

afya	48*	GEORGII III. Cap. 117.

or Purcbafes, the Manors, Mcfi'uage?, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments fo to be purchafed, (hall be conveyed, fettled, and a flared, to, upon, for, with, under, and fubjed to fuch, and fo many of the Ufes, Trufts, Intents, Purpofes, Powers, Provifoes, Limitations, and Declaraiions in and by the faid Will of the faid Robert Earl of Catherlough limited, cxprcffed, or declared of or concerning the faid Manors and ocher Hereditaments fo devifed by the fame Will as aforefaid, as (hall be then fubfiftingor capable of taking Effed. or as near thereto as Circumftanccs will admit, but fo that fuch Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments fo to be purchafed and fettled, (hall not, nor (hall any of them, be fubjed to or charged or chargeable with the Jointure of the laid Frances Knight, or with the fa'd Annuity of Three hundred Pounds, by the faid in Part recited Will deviled to the faid Henry Ralegh Knight, and thereby charged upon the faid Manor and other Hereditaments of and in Edfione aforefaid.

III. And be it further enaded, That all Sums of Money which (hall be paid into the faid Bank in the Name of the faid Accountant General chafeof other in Manner herein-before directed, or fo much thereof as (hall not be ordered by the faid Court of Chancery to be applied in the Payment of Cods and Expences according to the Directions herein-after contained, *c-	(hall in the mean Time and until the fame Monies (hall be inverted

in the Purchafe of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments as afore-faid, be from Time to Time laid ouc in the Purchafe of Navy or Victualling or Tranfport Bills, or Exchequer Bills, and ihe Inte-reft arifing from the Money fo laid out in the faid Navy or Victualling or Tranfport Bills, or Exchequer Bills, and the Money received for the fame, as they (hall be refpedively paid off by Government, (hall be laid out in the Name of the faid Accountant General, in the Purchafe of other Navy or Victualling or Tranfport Bills or Exchequer Bills, all which faid Navy and Victualling Bills, and Tranfport and Exchequer Bills, (hall be depoflted in the faid Bank, in the Name of the faid Accountant General, and (hall there remain until the fame (hall upona Petition to be preferred to the faid Court of Chancery in a fumrnary Way, by or on Behalf of the Perfon or Perfons who for the Time being would be entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments fo to be purchafed, in cafe the fame were then actually pui chafed and fettled, be Ordered to be fold by the faid Accountant General for the completing any Purchafe hereby authorized to be made as aforefaid, in fuch Manner as rhe faid Court (hall dired; and if the Money arifing by the Sale of any fuch Navy, Victualling, Tranfport or Exchequer Bills (hall exceed the Amount of the original Purchafe Money fo laid out in the Purchafe thereof as aforefaid, then and in that Cafe only the Surplus which (hall remain, after difehafaring the Expences of the Application to the Court, (hail be paid to fuch Perfon or Perfons refpedively, as would have been entitled to receive the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments directed to be purchafed in cafe the fame had been purchafed purfuant to this Ad, or to the Reprefema-tives of fuch Perfon or Perfons.

The Court of IV. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful Chancery to for the faid Court of Chancery from Time to Time, if to the fame Court Order3fcr it (hall feem meet, to make an Order for the taxing or fettling all Cofts, taxing the Charges, and Expences, which (hall have been incurred preparatory to, Act*&«!blS or in applying for and obtaining and paffing this Ad, and in making the

4	fcveral

48* GEORGII >111. Cap. 1,17.	**73

feveral Applications to the ft id* Court in Purfunnce hereof, and in tnyeftkg all or any t.f the Monies which under this A£t fh.nlI, be paid into thsef fiid Bank in the Pyre ha fe; of Lands and Hereditaments and of fettling-the fame Lands and Hereditaments, according to the Directions herein contained, or otherwise in carrying the Irufts and Pur-pofes of this Act into Execution ; and ajfo from Time to Time to make an Order, if to the faid Court it (lull feem fit, for Payment of all fuch Colls,

Charnrs, and Fxpeaces as aforefaid, out of the Monies which fliall be fo paid into the: Bank as aforefaid, or out of the Monies ariiing by Sale of the Navy, ViClualling, Tranfport, or Exchequer Bills to be purchafed as aforefaid, and to make all fuch further and other Orders as (JpU be, uecef-lary and expedient for carrying the Trulls and Purpoitsof this Act into Execution.

V.	And be it further enacted, That the Certificate or Certificates of Account the faid Accountant General, together with die Receipt or Receipts oi

One of the Cafhiers of the Bank, to be thereto annexed and therewith '»« pai-i filed in the Reglfter Office of the faid Court oi Chancery .ob and for the_ ”o	‘^

Payment-into the Bank of England, by the Pure baler or.Pu^chafers of the iMciuurgis. Hereditaments hereby authorized to be laid of hL%.her, « r thtitPurchafe Monies refpe&ively filall from Time to Time be arid be deemed to* be -good and eiied.ua 1 Difcharges to fuch X*Urc haler or purchalers, and to his, her, and their refpedive Heirs, Executors, Aduiinihracors and Aligns, (or the faid Purchafe Monies, or fo much thereofv/or which,-/uch Certificates and Receipts fhal) be relpeflively given, anti after filing fiich Gertificatrs and Receipts as aforefaid, fuch Purchaser-. c>f Purchakrs (hall be ?bfo-kltely acquitted and difeharged of aud from the fame Monies, and (hall not be anfwerable or accountable for any Lois, Mifapplicaiion, or Non-application thereof.

VI.	And be it further enabled, That in the mean Time and until fuch Until the S<:e

Sales lliall be made as aforefaid of the Hereditaments hereby authorized	t

to be fold, they the Lid George Wingfield Sper mo, and William Wingfield,	Tmit tv

. and tire Survivor of'them, and his Heirs and Afiigns, (hall hand and b leifed of the fame Hereditaments or fuch P.irt or Parts thereof as for the by tire Perform Time being (hall remain unfold, in Trull for and fhali 'permit and fuller ^ the Rents and Profits thereof to be received and taken by fuch Perfon or £ '“t‘ ‘ *’ Perfons as would reipedively have been entitled to the faid Hereditaments and ought to have held and enjoyed the fame, and received and taken the Rems and Profits thereof, in cafe this Acl ::ad not been made.

VII.	And whereas the faid Manor and Hereditaments of and in Edfione After thesa’e aforefaid, may by-the Operation of this Aft be difeharged from the Lid and Herldit^. Annuity of Three hundred Pounds by the faid in Part recited Will of the mem* ot and faid Robert Kail of Cat her lough, made payable out of the fame to the Her ?y Ralegh faid Henry Ralegh Knight and his Afiig.is during his Life as herein- Knight’* An-before is mentioned and recited •, be it therefore further ena&td. That per An»um°t'o from and immediately after the faid Manor and Hereditaments of and in U charged on Edjlotie aforefaid, or any Part thereof, fhali he fold and difpoled of under

or by virtue of the Powers herein contaioed, and thenceforth during..the ro-idSche-natural Life of the faid Henry Ralegh Knight, he the Lid Heuryiiafegh du,le*

Kmght and his Afligns fhali have, receive, and rake from and out of t ie Manors and other Hereditaments particularly mentioned ar\d defended jn the Second Schedule to this- Aft annexed, one Annual Sum or Yeatly [Lee, & Per.]	25 R 4	Rent

2 2 74

4-8° GEORG!I III. Cap. 117.

Rent of Three hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain In lieu of and as a Subftitution for the faid Annuity of Three hundred Pounds fo devifeci to him by the laid Will of the faid Robert Earl of Cctherlough as aforefaid, to be paid and payable on or at the fame Days or Times, and in the fame Shares and Proportions, on or at and in which the faid 1 aft-mentioned Annuity is by the faid Will made payable ; and that he the faid Henry Ralegh Knight and his Aftigns fliall have fuch and the fame Powers and Kemedies in and over the faid Manors and other Hereditaments comprized in the faid Second Schedule to this Act for recovering and compel-ing Payment of the faid Annual Sum or Yearly Rent of Three hundred Pounds hereby charged, and the Arrears thereof and the Expences oc-cafioned by the Non-payment of the fame, as by the faid in Part recited Will of the faid Robert Earl of Catherlough, are given to him and them in and over the faid Manor and Hereditaments of and in Edjlone aforefaid, for recovering and compelling Payment of the faid Annuity of Three hundred Pounds thereby devifed, and the Arrears thereof and the Expences occafioned by the Non-payment of the fame.

ThsHrrecHta-	VIII. And whereas the feveral Mefiuages and other Hereditaments in

Coun^vof16	fe'd County of Montgomery, charged with the Payment of the faid

Montgomery Yearly Rent of Six hundred Pounds to the faid Frances Knight and her v?t'i^aCjoi?.ed -Aligns for her Life, and intended to be hereby made faleable, will, noc-tine of 600J. withstanding this Ad remain fnbjed to the faid Yearly Renr, and to the wRo*->C P°wer!b Remedies, and Term for Years for recovering and compelling beitKnight} Payment of the fame; and it is expedient that Provifion fhouid be made for indemnifying the Perfons to whom fuch laft-mentioned Mefiuages and other Hereditaments or any of them may be fold in refped thereof; be it therefore further enaded, That if the faid Mefiuages and other Hereditaments in the faid County of Montgomery, or any Part thereof, fhall be fold ♦tie pnrciiafers or difpofed of under or by virtue of the Powers herein contained, the faid tobeTnfemiU George Wingjield Sparrow and William Wingfield\ and the Survivor of li d agamit them, and the Executors and Admimftrators of fuch Survivor fliall from fndi jointuie ?ncj *after the Death of the faid Robert Knight, for and during the natural drtamems'in Life of the faid Frances Knight his Wife, in cafe (lie fliall furvive him. Second Sche- have, receive, and take one Annual Sum or Yearly Rent of Six hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, clear of all Dcdudions what-foever. to be paid and payable on or at the fame Days or Times, and in the fame Proportions on or at and in which the faid Yearly Rent of Six hundred Pounds fecured by the laid Indenture of the Ninth Day of June One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one is thereby made payable, which faid Annual Sum or Yeaily Rent of Six hundred Pounds io to be taken and received by the faid George Wingfield Sparrow and William Wingfield, is hereby charged and made chargeable upon and ifiuing and payable from and out of the Manors, Mefiuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments particularly mentioned and deferibed in the Schedule to this Ad annexed, intituled. The Second Schedule (being the Refidue of the Hereditaments not hereby made faleable, which under or by virtue of the laid Will of the faid Robert Earl of Cat her lough, are authorized to be charged with the Payment of an Annual Sum by Way of Jointure, a’' therein and hercin-before is mentioned )i and that m cafe and when and fo often as the faid Yearly Rent of Six hundred Pounds hereby charged fhall be in Arrear by the Space of Twenty Days next alter any of the Days or Times on or at which the fame is io made payable as

aiorefaid.

2

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 117.

a fore laid, it {hall be lawful for the faid George Wingfield Sparrow and William Wingfield^ and the Survivor of them, and the Executors and Admi-niftrators of fuch Survivor to enter into all or any Part of the Manors and •other Hereditaments comprized in the faid Second Schedule to this Aft annexed, and to diftrain upon the fame refpcftively for the faid Yearly Rent of Six hundred Pounds hereby charged thereon, or fuch Part thereof as fhall fo be in Arrear, and for all Cods and Expences attending or ccca-Eoned by the Non-payment thereof, as Landlords may for Rent referved on common Demifes or Leafes for Years.

IX.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted and declared. That the faid Yearly Rent of Six hundred Pounds hereby made payable to the faid George Wingfield Sparrozv and William Wingfield, and the Survivor of them, and the Executors and Adminiftrators of fuch Survivor from and out of the faid Manors and other Hereditaments comprized in the faid Second Schedule to this Aft, and the Power and Authority hereby given for recovering the fame when in Arrear, is and are fo made payable and given refpcftively for the Purpofe of indemnifying the Perfon or Perfons to whom the faid Meffuages and other Hereditaments in the faid County of Montgomery, or any of them, may be fold under or by virtue of the Powers herein-before contained, and his, her, or their refpeftive Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators, and Aflignc, and thc-ir refpeftive Eftates and Effefts, from and againft the faid Yearly Rent of Six hundred Pounds fo by the faid in Part recited Indenture of the Ninth Day of June One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, charged on the fame Meffuages and ether Hereditaments as aforefaid, and the Arrears thereof, and all Sums cf Money, Damages and Expences whatfoever, which fuch Perfon or Perfons, or his, her, or their refpeftive Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators, or Affgns, or their refpeftive Eftates or Effefts fhail or may fuftain or incur for or on Account of fuch laft-men-tioned Yearly Rent or any Part thereof, and therefore that notwithftanding any Thing herein-before contained it fhall not be lawful for the faid George Wingfield Sparrow and William Wingfield, or cither of them, or their or either of their Executors or Adminiftrators under or by virtue of this Aft or the Power or Authority herein contained, to raife or levy all or any Part of the faid Yearly Rent of Six hundred Pounds, hereby charged on the faid Manors and other Hereditaments comprized in the faid Second Schedule to this Aft, until the Perfon or Perfons to whom the faid Meffuages and other Hereditaments in the faid County of Montgomery, or any of them may be fold as aforefaid, or his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators, or Affigns refpeftively, {hail by due Courle of Law be compelled to pay the faid Yearly Rent of Six hundred Pounds fecured by the laid in Part recited Indenture of the Ninth Day of June One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, or fome Part thereof, or fome Sum or Sums of Money on Account or in refpeft of the fame, or until the fams Yearly Rent or fome Part thereof, or fome Sum or Sums of Money on Account or in refpeft of the fame {ball be lawfully levied, charged, or raifed upon, from or out of the Meffuages, and other Hereditaments fofold, or fome Part or Parts thereof-, but if fuch Eft-mentioned Annual Sum or Yearly Rent, or any Part thereof, or any Sum or Sums of Money on Account or in refpeft of the fame {hall be fo levied, charged, or raifed, as laftly herein-before is mentioned, then and in fuch Cafe, lo often as the famecftsal! happen, it fhall be lawful for the faid Gsorgi Wingfield Sparrow and William Wingfield, and the Survivor of them, ami

die

3276	GEORGII	III. Gaft.a 17.

the Executors and Adminift raters of fuch Surviv -r under and by virtue of the Power and Authority hereby given to them and him as aforefaid,

from Time to Time to levy and raife the faid Yearly Rent of Six hundred Pounds hereby charged on the faid Manors and other Hereditaments comprized in. the faid Second Schedule to this Aft, and the Arrears thereof, or fo ranch thereof as lhall from Time to Time be fufiicienc to pay and facisfy to the Perfon or Perfons by or again ft whom ct upon, from cr OLt of :\vh.rj|V Lands and Tiereditaments the laid Yearly Rent of Six hundred Pounds -fecurtd by the faid Indenture of the Ninth Day of June One tbou-faqd feven hundred and ninety-one, or any Part thereof, or any Sum or Sums of Money on Account or in Ecfpeft of the fame ftiall be paid, levied, charged, or raifed, the fame Yearly Rent, or fuch Part thereof, or fuch Sum or Sums of Money as lhall be fo paid by him or them, ror levied, charged, or raifed upon, from cr out of his or their Lands and Hereditaments refpeftivciy, and alfo to levy and raife the Amount of ali Clefts and Expences which fuch Perfon or Per Tons and the faid George Wingfield Sparrow and William Wingfield, or any of them, or iheir respective Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators cr Alligns, (hall refpeftiv.ely incur in or about the Pfemifes, and to pay and apply the Monies fo to be levied as Eft-mentioned in Difcharge of all fuch Cofts and Expences accordingly.

Tcna'u for 2L Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That if Lite an-; the the faid Robert Knight, or any other Perfon or Perfons who if this iiT^or'tiis Pi^^nc Aft had not been made and pa {fed would for the Time being Time beimj have been entitled to an Eft ate fot Life in PcfTeftion in the Manors and A^e'of iVen- ot'lcr Hereditaments hereby yefted and letiled as aforefaid, and Che cldeft tySon°e, ii'ii” or only Son, or in Default of a Son or Sons, the cldeft or only Daughter ilrt tbc°Ef ^or til“ ^‘me being of the f.:id Robert Knight, or of fuch other Perfon or taTes ftiall not Perfons who would for the Time being have been lo entitled as aforefaid be fold, the (fuch eUvft or only Son, or eltieft: or only Daughter then being of the Age SSceafe!'*8 of Twenty-one Years or upwards), or if any Perfon who fhall be of the Age of Twenty-one Years and upwards, and who, if this prefent Aft had not been made and patted, would for the Time being have been end tied to an Eftatc in Tail Male or in Tail in PolTcffion in the Manors and other Hereditaments hereby vetted and fettled as aforefaid, lhall at at any Time or Times before the Whole of the fame Manors and other Hereditaments ihall be fold inPurfuance of this Aft, be defirous that fuch of the faid Manors and other Hereditaments as tor the Time being lhall remain unfold, or any Part or Parts thereof lhall not be fold, and lhall figrtify fuch their, his, or her DTire by any Writing or Writings under their, his, or her Hands or Hand to theTruft.ee or Truftces for the Time being, for carrying the Trufts of this Aft into Execution, then and in every fuch Cafe all the Trufts, Intents, Pur poles, Poweis, Proviloes, and Declarations herein-before declared and contained for the Sale of the faid Manors and other Hereditaments, fhall as to fuch of the laid Manors and other Hereditaments fo remaining unfold as lhall befodefired not to be fold, abfoluteiy .ceafe, drtermine, and be a an End, and the fame latt-mentioned Manors and other Iicredi-tamenrs lhall thereupon with all convenient Speed be conveyed by the faid Truftees orTrulkc for the Time; being, ro luch Ules up^n and for fuch Trulls, Intents, and Purpoles, and with, under, and fubjeft to fuch Powers, P-rovifotSy Declarations and Agreements, as would have been therein re-Ipeftivdy fubftfting under or by virtue of the faid in Part recited Will 6 > tc	and

4s* GEORG 11 III. Cap. 117.	2	3^

and Codicil in cafe this Ad had not been made, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwiihftanding.

XL Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That if both or either of Power to ap-them the laid George Wingfield Sparrow and William Wingfield, or any future Truflee or Truftees who flaall fticceed or (hall be appointed in the Stead or Place of them, or either of them, as herein-aher mentioned, ihall die, or ihall defire to relinquifh or (hall refute-or decline or become incapable to aft in the Trufts or Powers hereby repofed in them or him, or (ball go out of Great Britain before the laid Trulls (hall be fully performed and executed, then and fo often r.s any fuch Cafe Ihall happen, it Ihall be lawful for the fa d High Court of Chancery in a lummarv Way, upon the Petition of fuch Perlon or Perfons as for the Time being .would be beneficially inti-led to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments hereby made falcable in cafe this Aft had not been made, or if Inch Per-lon or Perfons Ihall be an Infant or Infants, then upon the Petition of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians from Time to Time to nominate and appoint any Perfon or Perfons to be propofed in the laid Petition, cr any other Perlon or Perfons, to be a Truftee or Tiullees in the Stead or Place of the Truflee or Truftees fo dying, or defiring to be difeharged, or going out of Great Britain, or refufing, declining, or becoming incapable to aft as aforeLid, and when and fo foon and as often as any fuch Truftee or Truftees ihall have been nominated and appointed in Manner aforefaid, all the Eftates and Powers which (ball be then veiled in the Truftee or Truftees fo dying or defiring to be difeharged, or refufing, declining) or becoming incapable to aft, or going out of Great Britain as aforefaid, either foicly cr jointly with the other Truftee, Ihall thereupon with all convenient Speed be conveyed and transferred in l’uch Sort and Manner, and fo that the fame Eftates and Powers Ihall and may be legally and eff-ftually veiled in the furyiving or continuing Truftee thereof, and fuch new or other Truftee cr Trull es, or in fuch new Truftees only, as the Cafe may require, upon the fame Trufts, and for the fame Intents and Pur-pofes, and with and fubjeft to the fame Powers as are herein-before declared or direfted to be limited and declared of and concerning the fame Eftates, or fuch and lo many of the fame Trufts and Powers as Ihall be then fubfifting or capable of taking EfFcft, and fuch new Truftee or Truftees (hall and may in all Things aft in the Management, carrying on, and Execution of the Trufts hereby created as fully and efftftually, a:id with all the fame Powers a d Authorities to all Intents, Effeft?, Coi.Ilruftions, and Purpofes whaifoever, as if he or they had been originally by this Aft nominated a Tiullee or Tiuitees for the Purpofes aforefaid.

XII. Saving always to the King’s moll Excellent Mijefty, and to His saving Cl.-ufci Heirs and SuccdTors, and to the faid Frances Knight, the Wife of the laid Robert Knight, in refpeft of her faid Jointure Rent Charge of Six hundred Pounds lo tecured to her by the fa;d in Part recited Indenture of the Ninth Day of June One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, as herein-before is recited, and to the faid James Lockhart and John Ingrain Lockhart, their Executors, Adminilir. tors, and^ifigns, as fuch T ultees as in the fame Indenture is mentioned, and to all and every other Perfons arid Peifon, Bodies Politick and Corporate, and his, her, and their Heirs,

Succeff >rs, Executes, Adminiltia-ors, and AlCgns (other than and ex-[L,oc. Per.]	2$S	cept

2278

48a GEORG 11 III. Cap. 117.

crpt the (aid Robert Knight, i&wry R.legh Knight, anti Henrietta Matilda Imfeyt Widow, and their feveral and rtfpedive Sons and Daughters begotten and to be begotten, and the feveral and refpedive Heirs Male of the Bodies of fuch Sons and Daughters, and the Heirs of the refpedive Bodies of them thelaid Robert Knight, Henry Ralegh Knight, and Henri-

------	—Hta Matilda /^^“Widow^nrhche faid Charles FulleramSJane his Wile,

ant) the Sons and Daughters of the laid Jane, begotten and to be begotten, and the feveral and refpedive Heirs Male of their Bodies, and the Heirs of jthe Body <j>f the faid Jane, and all and every other Pcrfons and Perfon (tXcept the faid Frances Knight, the Wife of the faid Robert Knight, in re-fped of her faid Jointure Rent Charge of Six hundred Pounds, and the faid ‘James Lockhart and John Ingram Lockhart, their Executors, Admini. ftrators and Afiigns as Inch Truftees as aforefaid, claiming or to claim any R ghr, Tide, or Imertft of, in, to or out of the Manors, Meffuag-s, Farms, Lands, and other Hereditaments, hereby veiled and authorized to be fold as af( rdaid, under or by virtue of the faid Will of the Lid Robert Earl of Catherlough) all fuch Eltate, Right, Title, Interelf, Claim, and Demand what foe ver, cf, in, to, or out of the fame Minors, MdTuagcs, Farms, Lands, and other Hereditaments, and every or any Part thereof as they, every, or any of them, had before the parting of this Ad, or could or might have had, held, or enjoyed, in cafe this Ad had not been made.

XIII. And be it further enaded. That this Ad (ball be printed by the Primer to the the King’s molt Excellent Majefty, 2nd a Copy thereof fo printed fhall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Juftices, and others.

Cepv printed by the King’s Printer to be Evidence.

48” GEORGII III. Cap. 117.

2279

The SCHEDULES to which i the foregoing ACT refers.

THE FIRST SCHEDULE.

N.IHCT of the Pate

mat Rents. Total Ret

WARWICKSHIRE.

Priory Farm Studley Mill and Land

A Chief Rent belonging to,^

Studley Holt Farm -Sundry Cottages in Studley -Studley Woods -Farm at Shrewley Common Farm at Bufhwood Common

Chadfhunt Farm -	"	"	t

Fletcher’s Coppice and Lower 1 Coppice in Chadfhunt Wood Jl

Edflone Manor Farm Woods -

Thomas Shaylei

William Holmes -

Nathan Fleming -Sundry Tenants -I r hand - - - -William Woodford -

William Alder and George Cooke Ifl band - - -

William Defier In hand - - «

Studley -

Hatton Rockington in theRough

Chadfhunt 1

;& Gay don.J

tten "1 ten J

3 39

2	36

3	36

317 6

From Lady Day 81 heis to pay Mr. Knight 100L per annum.

Total in Wavwickthire

- a£. 2017	18	jo

MIDDLESEX.

MefluageorTenement,CoachO I • Eojf and Stables, N1 22, > jThomas Philipe ■ Go den-fquare -	- J

Ground Rent ifTuing out of the I Houfe adjoining the above / *

Saint James W^ftminfter

Do. Total i

TFrom Lady J Day 1815 Te-Inant to pay L1001 per annum

^continued.)

2280

4S0 GEORGII III. Cap. 117.

Names of fhe Farm.

FIRST SCHEDULE—continued.

MONTGOMERYSHIRE.

John Jones

Gwernygoeand Part of Mounts Nebo, with fundry Allotments and liberty for 600 Sheep to run on Kerry Hills.1 |

Other Part of Mount Nebo,-\ 1 •Cefn y-Benn and Gwenthrvv Farms, with run for 400 f,Ed"r- Cleato“ Sheep on Kerry Hills. - J j Cwmearl Farm, with run for Kerry Hills with run for )

Kerry Hills J *

Eftate of\

mate otr\ 21-lough, I Iks with | f

$: o Sheep liahithlon Far:

500 Sheep (

Lands allotted

the late Lord Cathei a.id let as Sheep W; the above Farms •

The Birches Tenement -Highlands -	-	_

Oak Tenement Great Yatt Farm -Keven Perva -	-	■-	—

Gilfach -	„

Little Bryn Bedwin -Tyn y Pwll and Pea y Bank Gilfach -The Cwm Farm -Cefn Wigdoor

Richard Arthur -Jane Davies -

i ■ li

John Bree -John Lewis -Richard Lewis -John Withers -Robert Howels -Thomas Morgan John Rowlands -David Hamer -IJohn Cleaton -j Abraham Hamor I Thomas ICinfey -

Kerry -Kerry

Do.

Do.

Total in Montgomeryfhir Total in Warwickihire Total in Middlefes

£.

588

256 o 250 o

' Be the fe. veral Quan-tities littje

fe

Total of the Firft; Schedule -

1796 15,

2017, 18 79 10

• £■ 3894 3

The

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 117.

THE SECOND SCHEDULE.

WORCESTERSHIRE.

The Manor of OLDBOROUGH.

Chief Rents belonging to the fame Woods and Coppices -Harding’s Clofe -Hand near Oldborough Wood Sundry Cottages and fmall\ Tenements -	-	- f

Oldborough Hill Farm -Tenement at Freemans Green Firft and Farther Netherlays Oldborough Court Farm -

Barrells Farm, clear of all Taxes Woods and Coppices

Heath Farm in Ullenhall -The CatherloughArms in Ul-'N lenhall-ftreet, and a fmall I houfe late the Catherlough j Arms -	-	-	-	J

Hill Farm, Mount Pleafant,") and Ullenhall -	-	-/

The Perry Mill	-

The Park Farm -The Parks, the Bell Inn and ? Hands in Henley -	-	J

In hand -In Hand with Barrells Thomas Walford - -Sundry Tenants -Thomas Gilbert -Benjamin Applebee -	- Do. -	-

William Page - -

Olborough

Do.

Do.

Do.

WARWICKSHIRE.

In hand - -	
Do. { Do.	Wootten Wawen J Do.
Benjamin Applebee	Do.
Francis Heming	Do.
Mary Greaves -	Do.
James Monro	Do.
Jofeph Ward - -Thomas Ghambevline John White - -	Do.  Beaudefert Do & Wootten Wawen

Number of Acres.	Annual Rents.	Total Rents.
IRE.		
A. R. P.	& >■ <#	
	2 17 2	
117 3 39	53 0 0	
2 i 32 8 s 26	44c	
3 0 0	3 r3 0	
205 2 2	140 O O	f Let with Grow-
	} - -	■j leys Farm in
24° 3 35		L Warwickfhirc.
orcefterfliire	• -	£ 403 13 3
HE.		
	50 0 c	
260 2 31	300 0 0	
14 0 37	6 6 0	
182 2 22	ifijr 0 0	fThis Rent in-J eludes the
74 0 0	60 O O	) 31 a. or. 19 r. km Oldborough.
* 0 0	ax 0 0	
98 1 18	80 0 0	
	550	
147 1 18	171 6 0	
1 e;	54 0 8	
		

Total in War wick (hire

/"Be tne fevc-’x J ral Ouanti- (

| ties little	f	"

I more or lefs J

Total of Second Schedule

jas Monro.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s raoft Excellent Majefty. 1808.

{Lee. Ss” Fer.]	25	T

OVA! .	‘ ;<-•	•

.31033 .III IIOJ^O

*% ** % :* \ ■: *



.811

■ ,

orb ogmsrfo oi ,	>:;x;	■ .3 >	It

bitt •■:■• to ojfil apjtsfilfJt fi	i	:o	rsbiO.

,-»hviQ grfj.gfiii^Sw4 10I i . ,

tntn-' oi	,bi«t	oib	td : •" ait! -raLa/

'	i	t	r	l3	:i-'r ! ’ : ;

' [.8o<ti vy^ibPil

V. T!!i -. Kjr'pv •<•'■•.--:.•••" 1 ••:• j'-vi . - •.•'•'

»n:r- ■<*..» •* - ?iW flii '-rrf »<t tsjr;'»l j? vf

- '/'■ ■ ■ '.

1	!	:i	.	■•

?a ■'	>	■	"	vk	ii> >nnr;v.<>jr.i <i ASip.-rj!'

vh ” ot-	u	"'	V in zfioa'it^TA'biK .radnnif

xu.	.	v;	■	.i	r.r	nr	.	>	i:	m	-

\<	’	s'	.	:

■Jilt:	m	falj	1 j	u! ►	•!	I

,-juif . ion a#	sm	•	•	.	(t	it)	-foi-.**

-j0 -..lsi-	i IS."	•	_■:!!

it* ; 1	-	'■	.!.......... ..	■	:	i .'	•	'•	.’j;	.o

j»-;*	-•	t*	L-'.'	V	*»,5	•

■ - //

ANNO QU ADR AG ESI M O OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 118.

An Aft for enabling the Truftees under the Will of William Bankes Efquire, deceafed, to change the Order of Sale of the Real Eftates late of the faid William Bankes; and for enabling the Devifees, under the Will of the faid William Bankes, to grant Leafes of fuch Part of his Eftates as fhall remain unfold,	[18th	’June	1808.]

WHEREAS William Bankes, late of Winjlanley in the County of w;jl t f w51_ Lancafter Efquire, deceafed, by his lafl Will and Teftament Ham Bankes, in Writing duly executed and attefted for the Devife of Lands E^”re’h <.ep, of Inheritance, and bearing Date on or about the Seventh Day of Sep- tember 179S. tember One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, gave and devifed all his Manors, or reputed Manors, capital and other Melfuages, Farms,

Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premifes, and Real Eftate what-foever, which he was feifed of or entitled unto in Poffeffion, Reverfion,

Remainder; or Expectancy, or of which the faid Teftator had in any Manner a Power or Right to difpofe, with their and every of their Rights,

Members, and Appurtenances, unto James Stanley of Lincoln's-Inn in the County of Middlefix Efquire, and the Reverend George Heron, of Dare/-bury in the County of Chejler Clerk, their Heirs and Afligns, to hold unto the faid James Stanley and George Heron, and their Heirs and Affigns for ever, upon the Trulls neverthelefs and to and for the Ends, Intents, and Purpofes in the faid laft Will and Teftament and in Part herein-after expreffed (that is to fay) upon Trull and Confidence mat his faid Trup_ tees (hould, as foon after his Death as conveniently might be, by Sale 0£ all or any Part of his faid Eftates in Manner in his faid Will and here;n_

\Loe, Ss*	25	U	afier

48°GEOR.GII III. Cap. 118.

after mentioned, raife or procure a fufficient Sum of Money for the Payment of fuch of his Debts and of the feveral Legacies by his faid Will? or by any Codicil or Codicils annexed thereto, give and bequeath as his Perfonal Eftate and Effe&s, or the Produce thereof not fpecifically given or difpofed of by his Will fliould not extend or be fufficient to pay ; and in the making of fuch Sale the Teftator dire&ed his Eitates at Houghton to be firft fold, and in the next Place his Eftate at Poulton, and after that his Eftate at Billinge, and then his Eftate at Newton if neceftary •, and in cafe the Money to arife by Sale of thofe Eftaces Ihould be infufficient for the Purpofes in his faid Will and herein-before mentioned, the faid Teftator ordered and directed his Eftates at Orrell arid Pemberton, or a competent Part thereof, to be fold ; and laft of all, if neceftary, a competent Parc of his principal Manor and Eftate at Winjlanley aforefaid to be fold or difpofed of: And as to fuch or fo much or fuch Parts of his faid Manors and Eftates as fhould not be fold or difpofed of for the Purpofes in his faid Will mentioned, in Truft that the faid James Stanley and George Heron and their Heirs and Afligns (hould ftand feifed thereof to the Ule and Behoof of his Kinfman the Reverend 'Thomas Holme of Upholland in the faid County of Lancajler Clerk (fince deeeafed) and his Aftigns for the Term of his natural Life, with Remainder to Meyrick Bankes of Winjlanley aforefaid Efquire, eldeft Son of the faid Thomas Holme (by his the faid Meyrick Bankes’% then Name of Meyrick Holme) and his Aftigns, for the Term of his natural Life; with Remainder to the faid James Stanley and George Heron in Truft to fupport the contingent Remainders by the faid Teftator’s Will^limited from being defeated or deftroyed ; with Remainder to the Firft and all and every other Son and Sons of the faid Meyrick Bankes feverally and fucceflively in Tail Male ; with Remainder to Frederick William Holme of Upholland in the County of Lancajler Clerk, for his Life; with Remainder to the faid James Stanley and George Heron, in Truft to fupport and preferve the contingent Remainders during his the faid Frederick William Holme's Life; with Remainder to the Firft and all and every other Son and Sons ef the faid Frederick William Holme feverally and fucceflively in Tail Male ; with Remainder to John Holme of Manchejler in the faid County of Lancajler Efquire for his Life, with Remainder to the faid James Stanley and George Heron in Truft to fupport and preferve the contingent Remainders during his (the faid John Holme's Life) with Remainder to the Firft and all and every other Son and Sons of the faid John Holmes feverally and fucceflively in Tail Male ; with Remainder or Reverflon to the faid Teftator’s own right Heirs; and the faid Teftator nominated, conftituted, and appointed the faid James Stanley and George Heron Executors of his faid laft Will and Tefta-ment: And whereas no Powers of Leafing are granted by the faid Will : And whereas the faid William Bankes the Teftator, departed this Life on or about the Thireenth Day of February, in the Year One thouland eight hundred, without having akered or revoked his faid herein-before in Part recited laft Will and Teftament, leaving the faid Thomas Holme his Coufin and Heir at Law : And whereas by a Decree of the High Court Chancery, made and pronounced on or about the Twenty-third Day of July in the Year One thoufand eight hundred, in a Caufe in which the faid Thomas Holme and others were Complainancs, and the faid James Stanley and George Heron were Defendants, it was declared that the faid hereinbefore in Part recited Will of the laid William Bankes the Teftator ought to be eftabliflied, and the Trufts thereof performed and carried into 2	Execution;

48° GEOROII UR Cap. 118.

Execution; and by the faid Decree it was among otherThings ordered,that in cafe the Perfonal Eftate of the faid Teftator not lpecificaliy bequeathed fhould not be fufficient with the Monies that might &rife by Sale of the faid Teftaror’s Real Eftates contracted to be fold in his Life-time for the Payment of the faid Teflator’s Debts and Legacies, the Deficiency fhould be raifed by Sale of the faid Teflator’s Real Eftate devifed in Truft to be fold, or fuch Part or Parts thereof as the Mailer to whom the faid Caufe was referred fhould think proper,in the Order and Manner in which fuch Eftates were by thefaid Teftator’s Will directed to be fold, and the ufual DireClions were given for effecting fuch Sale, and it was ordered, that the Money to arile by fuch Sale fhould be paid into the Bank, with the Privity of the Accountant General of the laid Court of Chancery, to be there placed to the Credit of the faid Caufe ; the Account of Money arifing by Sale of the Teftator’s Effaces devifed in Truft to be fold: And whereas by Indenture, bearing Date on or about the Thirtieth Day of December in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and two, and made or expreffed to be made between the faid Thomas Holme of the Fir ft Part $ Mary Meyrick Holme of Upholland aforefaid Spinfler, Harriet Holme of the fame Place Spinfttr, the Reverend George Borlaje of the Univerfity of Cambridge, Bachelor in Divinity, and Ann his Wife, and Burgh Leighton Efquire, a Major in His Majefty’s Land Forces, and Captain of the Fourth or Queen’s own Regiment of Dragoons, and Jane his Wife (which faid Mary Meyrick Holme, Harriet Holme, Ann Borlafe, and Jane Leighton were deferibed as 'the Four furviving Daughters of the laid Thomas Holme by Mary his late Wife deceafed) of the Second Part; and Robert Holt Leigh, of Whitley, in the faid County of Lancafier Efquire, and the Reverend Streynjham Majler of Crojlon in the fame County Clerk, of the Third Parr, for the Confiderations in the Indenture now in recital expreffed, all that the Remainder or Reverfion in Fee after and expeClanf on the Determination of the feverul U.es and Eftates for Life and in Tail refpeClively limited by the Will of the faid William Banker deceafed, as herein-btfore recited, of and in all and lingular the Manors, or reputed Mano s, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments comprifed in and devifed by the fame Will, with their and' every of their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, fubjefl to the Trufts for Sale and for Payment of Debts and Legacies contained in the faid recited Will of the faid William Banker, was conveyed and allured by the faid Thomas Hohne to the laid Robert Holt Leigh, and Streynjham Majler, to the Ufes and for the Ends, Intents and Purpofes, in the Indenture now in recital and h< rein-after limited and expreffed of and concerning the fame (that is to fay) as to the Reverfion or Remainder in Fee thereby granted ot and in Two-fourth Parts, the Whole into Four equal Parts, being con lidered as divided, of and in all and fingular the Manors Mef-fuages, Lar ds, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premifes in the Indenture now in recital and herein-before mentioned, to the Ufe ot the laid Mary Meyrick holme and Harriet Holme, as Tenants in common and not as Joint Tenants, and to their refpc&ive Heirs and Alligns for ever; and as to the faid Remainder or Reverfion in Fee of and in One other Fourth-part of and in all and fingular the faid Manors, Mcffuages, Lands. Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premifes, to the Ufe of l'uch Perfon or Ptrlons for fuch Eftate or Eftates, Intereft or Interefts, by way of Legacy, Annuity, Rent Charge, or other wile, and in fuch Parcs, Shares, and Proportions, and upon fuch T.ulU and for fuch Ends, Intents and Purpofes,

5:287

2 2 88	$1?	G.EO EG 11! III. Cap. 118,

and charged and chargeable in fuch Manner, and either abfoJutely of conditionally, apd.fubjeflt to. fuch Powers of Revocation and of new Appointment and. o', her .Powers, Provifoes, Declarations, and Agreements, as the faid Ann Bcrlafe at any Time or Times, and from Time to Time, during and notwithftanding her faid Coverture, or at any Time thereafter, whether foie or married, by any Deed or Deed^, Inftrument or Iriftru-ments in Writing, to be lealed and delivered by her, in the Prefence of . and attefled by Two or more credible WitneiFes, or by her lad Will and Teftament in Writing or any Writing in the Nature of and purporting to be her laft Will and Teftament, or by any Codicil or Codicils thereto c ♦ be feverally and refpedively figned and publi/hed by her in the Prefence of Three or more credible Witnefles, and to be atrefted in her Prefence by the fame Witnefles Ihould direct, limit, and appoint; and inDefauIt of fuch Direction, Limitation, or Appointment, and in the mean Time fub-ject thereto to the Ufe of the faid Ann Borlafe, her Heirs and Affigns for ever ; and as to and concerning the Reverfion or Remainder of and in the remaining Fourth-part, the whole into Four equal Parts being con-fidered as divided of and in all and fingular the faid Manors, MefTuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premifes, to the Ufe of fuch Per-ibn and Peifons for fuch Eflate or Eftates, Intereft or Interefls, byway of Legacy, Annuity, Rent Charge, or otherwife, and in fuch Parcs, Shares, and Proportions, and upon fuch Trufts and for fuch Ends, Intents and Purpofes, and charged and chargeable in fuch Manner, and either abfo-iutely or conditionally, and fubject to fuch Power of Revocation and of new Appointment, and other Powers, Provifoes, Declarations, and Agreements, as the faid Jane I.eirhun..zt any Time or Times and from Time to Time during and notwithftanding her laid Coverture, or at any Time .thereafter, and whether foie or married, by any Deed or Deeds, Inftru-ment or Inftruments in Writing, to be fealed and delivered by her in the Prefence of and attefted by Two or more credible Witnefles, or by her lad Will and Teftament, or any Codicil or Codicils thereto, to be feverally and refpe&ively figned and publilhcd by her in the Prefence of Three or more credible Witnefles, and to be attefted in her Prefence by the fame Witnefles, Ihould direct, limit, or appoint; and in Default of fuch Direction, Limitation,and Appointment, and in the mean Time fubjeft thereto to the Ufe of the faid Jane Leighton, her Heirs and Afligns for ever: And whereas the Laid Eftates late of the faid Teftator William Bankes} de-ceafed. fituate at Houghton aforefaid, were contra&ed to be fold by the faid Teftator in his Lifetime, and the faid Eftates fituate at Foulton aforefaid have been fold under the faid Decree, and the Purchafe Money ariflng from fuch Sales, and the Produce and Proceeds of the faid Tef-tator’s Perfonal Eftate not fpetiftcally bequeathed, have been applied in Payment and Difcharge of the faid TeftatorDebts and of Tome of his Legacies, fo far as the fame Purchafe Money and Produce refpeclively would extend ; but Debis to an Amount not exceeding Four hundred Pounds and legacies to the Amount of Eight thoufand live hundred Pounds or thereabouts, with fome Iatereft due thereon, remain to be paid and fatisfied, and for Payment thereof it will be peceflary to proceed to the Sale of fome of the Eftates late of the faid IVUUam Bankes the Teftator which were devifed as aforefaid and remain unfold: And whereas the faid Eftate at Billinge, dire&ed b.y the Will of the faid William Bankes deceafcd, to be fold after the-laid Eftatqj at Houghton and Pouhon, is contiguous

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 118.

tlguous or near to, and in fome Part adjoins to demefne Lands of the capital Mefluage or ?danfion Houfe late of the faid William Bankes, deceafed, fituate at Winftaniey aforefaid; and it would be very advantageous to the Perfons for the Time being entitled to the faid capital Meffii-age or Manficn-houfe to retain and enjoy the faid Eftate at Billinge with the faid Eftate at Winftaniey, and it is alfo more eligible to rerain the faid Eftate at Newton, and to proceed to the Sale of the faid Teftator*s Eftate at Orrell aforefaid inftead thereof, as a Part only of the faid Eftate at Newton aforefaid would neceffarily be fold, whereby the Refidue of fuch Eftate would' be greatly deteriorated in Value: And whereas the faid IViUiam Bankes, deceafed, was at. the Date and Publication of his faid laft Will, and at his Death feifed of or entitled to feveral fmall detached Mef-'fuages. Farms, and Hereditaments, or fome undivided Part or Share thereof or other Intereft therein, fituate, lying and being in the feveral Townfhips or Places of Soutbwortb with Croft, I’/oolflon with Martinf-croft, Orfcrd and Warrington in the faid County of Lancafter, and in Backford in the County of Ckejier: And whereas the Money arifing from the Sale of the faid laft-mentioned Meffuages, Lands, and Hereditament?, and of the faid Teftator’s Eftates at Orre'l aforefaid, together with the Sum of One hundred and thirty-five Pounds Two Shillings and Three-pence, Three Pounds per Centum, Confolidated Bank Annuities, and Sixty Pounds Ten Shillings and Ten-pence, Cafli unapplied and now in Court to the Credit of the before mentioned Caufe, is applicable to the Difcharge of fuch of the Debts and Legacies of the faid William Bankes, deceafed, as ftill remain unpaid: And whereas the faid Thomas Holmes departed this Life on or about the Seventeenth Day of Augufi, in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and three : And whereas the faid Meyrick Bankes hath not had any IfTue, and the faid Frederick William Holme and John Holme refpedlively are Bachelors: And whereas the Real Eftates devifed by the faid herein-before in Part recited Will of the faid William Bankes, deceafed, in Manner herein-before mentioned, and fituate at Winftaniey, Billinge and Pemberton aforefaid, are fituate in a populous and manufa&uring Neighbourhood, and feveral Mines of Coal within and under the fame Eftates refpe&ively, or fome Part thereof, are now open and in working (the fame having been opened and worked in the Teftator's Lifetime) but no Mines have been opened fince the faid Teftator’s Death: And whereas it would tend greatly towards the Improvement of the Eftates devifed by the faid William Bankes as aforefaid, and the Benefit of the refpe&ive Perfons entitled under the faid herein-before in Part recited Will of the faid William Bankes deceafed, to Eftates therein or in fuch Part of the fame as (hall from Time to Time remam unfold, if the faid Meyrick Bankes and the other Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Pofleflion or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of the faid Eftates, or fuch Parrs thereof as (hall fo remain unfold after Payment of the faid Debt and Legacies, were empowered to grant Leafes of the fame (except the principal Manfion Houfe of Winftaniey with the Buildings and demefne Lands belonging to the fame and occupied therewith) for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Fourteen Years, in Pofleffion and not in Reverfion, teferving the beft and moft improved Rent that can or may be gotten for the Premifes fo to be demifed *, and it would like wife tend greatly to the Advantage of the feveral Perfons [Lee* & Per.]	25	X	who

32gO

Power to f; the Tcftator

Eftates not fpeei Really devi'ed, anc the Ertate at Crrell, &c.

Application of Rems urn Eltaies fold.

48" GEORG II III. Cap. ir3.

who are or fliall hereafter become entitled to any Eftates or IhterefU' in the faid Eftates at J Yinftanley, Be Hinge, and Pemberton refpe&ively, or fuch Parts thereof as iliaii fo remain unfold, if Power were given to the faid Meyriek Banket- and to the Perfons who for the Time being’ (hall be in the a&ual Poffellion of the faid Eftates devifed by the faid William Bankes in fuch Manner as is hereinbefore mentioned, to grant Leafes for a Term of Years of the. faid Mines* with Power to dig for and work the faid Mines, to any Perfon or Perfons willing to accept and take fuch Leafes under fuch Reftridtions as (hall be thought expedient and the Nature of the Cafe (hall require; but as fuch Leahs as aforefaid cannot be effectually granted, nor the Older of Sale of the faid Real Eftates late of the faid William Bankes, deceafed, varied without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; therefore YourMajefty’s moft dutiful and loyal Subjects, the faid James Stanley, George Heron, Meyrick Bankes, Frederick William Holme, John Holme, Mary Meyrick Holme, Harriett Holms, George Borlafe and Arm his Wife, and Burgh Leighton and Jane his Wife, do moft humbly beieech Your Majefty that it may be enaCted ; and be it enaCted, by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, ll That at any Time after the pafling of this Adi, the Meffuages, Farms and ’s Hereditaments late of the laid William Banke , deceafed, fituate, lying, and being in the feveral Townfbips or Places of Orrell Southnoorth, with 1 Croft, Wooljlon, with Martinfcroft, Orford, and Warrington in the faid County of Laneafter, and in Backford in the faid County of Chcfter, and devifed by. his faid Will, and more particularly mentioned and deferibed in the Firft Schedule to this Act annexed, may be fold and difpofed of, in fuch Order and Manner as fhall be found convenient, and as the faid Court of Chancer y fhall think fit, without firft felling all or any Part of the faid Eftates late of the faid William Bankes the Tellator, fituate at Billinge and Newton aforefaid, or either of them, fo neverthelefs as every fuch bale fhall be made and completed under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery by virtue of an Order for that Purpofe- to be made in the faid Caufe of Holme and others ag.ainft Stanley and another now depending in that Court, and that the Sale or Sales to be fo made fhall be as good and effectual to all Intents and Purpofes whatfosver as. if fuch Sale or Sales had been made in the Order and Cdurfe of Priority directed by the Will of the faid Teftator and the faid recited Decree of the High Court of Chancery, and that the Money arifrag from fuch Sale fhall be applicable in the fame Maimer to all Intents and Purpofes as the Money to arife from the Sales directed by the hid Will of the faid W)lliam Bankes, deceafed, and the faid Decree reflectively are applicable, and be applied in the fame Manner to all Intents and Purpofes as if the Money to arife from the Sale or Sales to be made by virtue of this Act was Money anting from a Sale or Sales made under or by virtue of and purfuant to the Directions of the faid Will and Decree refpectively.

II. And be it further- enaCted, by the Authority aforefaid, That in the mean Time and until the Meffuages, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments hereby authorized to be fold and difpofed of fhall be fold and difpofed of under and by virtue of and purfuant to the Proviftons

of

48° GEORGII III, Cap. 118.	2291

of this AS, the Rents and Profits of the faid MelF-iages, Farms, Land?, and Hereditaments, or fuch Parc or Parts thereof as from Time to I hnts (hall remain unfold, fhall belong to and be received by the Perfon or Perfons refpe&ively who for the Time being would have been entitled to the PofTeffion or to the Receipt of the Rents and Profits of the fame Hereditaments refpectively in cafe this A£t had not been pafied.

III. And be it further enabled, by the Authority aforefaid, That it fhall Power to and may be lawful to and for the faid Meyrick Bankes, and fuch other Perfon or Perfons being adult as are or fhall be entitled to any Eftate or Mines. Eftatcs in the Freehold Lands and Hereditaments lace of the faid WHUam Bankes, deceafed, and devifed by his laid herein-before recited Will as aforefaid, and in the Second Schedule to this AS: annexed more particularly mentioned and defcribed, which (hall remain unfold after the faid Debts and Legacies are paid, and to and for the Guardian, or Guardians of any Perfon or Perfons fo entitled who fhall be an Infant or Infants, during his, her, or their Minority, as and when the laid Meyrich Bankes and fuch other Perfon or Perfons lo entitled as aforefaid, lhail feverally, fucceflively and refpeftively be in the actual Pofltfiion of or -entitled to the Receipt of the Rents and Profits of the Real Elirate'latfe of the faid William Bankes, deceafed, and deviled as aforefaid, or any Part thereof which fhall remain unfold after the laid Debts and Legacies are -paid, by Indenture or Indentures to be felled and delivered bv them re-flieflively, in the Prcfen-ce -of and attefleci by Two credib'e Witneffes, to demile and leafe all or any Part or Parts of the Real Eftate- late" of .the faid William Bankes devifed as aforefaid which (hall remain irnfold after the faid Debts arid Legacies are paid (except only the principal Manfion Houfe of Winjlanlcy, and the Buildings and demefne Lands -belonging to the fame, and occupied therewith by the deflator at his Death with the Appurtenances) to any Perfon or Perfons for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Fourteen Years; and alfo to demife and leafe to any Perfon or Peifons for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Twenty-one Years, all or an1/ of the Coal Mines, Collieries,

Veins, and beams of Coals, and other Mi ties and Minerals whatfoever, now opened within or under any Lands or Grounds fituate in Billingc,

Betiikvricn, and Winftanley aforefaid, being IV t of the Real Eflate late of the faid William Bankes, deceafed, deviled as aforefaid, and remaining unfold after Payment of the faid Debts and Legacies; and alfo fuch Lands and Grounds as may be neceflary to be held with the faid Mines, as .Pit Room and Heap Room for laying and placing of the Coals, CulnvEarth, and Rubbifh which fhall be raifed, dug, or gotten out of the faid Mines, and all fuch Powers, Privileges, Licences, Watercourfes,

Wayleaves and Authorities, Rights, and Imerefts, as may contribute to the more efte&’ial working of the faid Mines and winning the faid Coals and Minera’s, or carrying on the Bufinefs of the fame Mines and Coal Works, and as are ufualiy granted in Leafes of the like Sort : Provided always, that ever* Demife and Leafe to be made in purliiartce of this Act fhall be granted fo as to commence in Pofieffion arid notin Reverfion, or by Way-of iuture Interefi, and there fhall be reierved on every fuch Demife.or Leafe the belt or moll improved'yearly Rent or Rents in Money, or as to mining Leafes either in Money,- Produce, or Toll Difh, or partly, in Money and partly in Produce and Toll Difh, to be incident to 2	the

2292	48°	GEORG	11 III. Gap. n8.

the immediate Reverfion of the Hereditaments fo to be demifed arid leafed that can or may be reafonably had or gotten for the fame, without taking any Fine, Premium, or Foregift for making of fuch Leaie or Leafes relpeftively, and fo as there {hall be contained in every fuch Indenture of Demife or Leafe a Condition of Re-entry on Non-payment of the Rent or Rents thereby to be refpeftively referved, by the Space of Twenty-one Days after the fame Rents refpeflively {hall become due and payable, and fo as the Perfon or Perfons refpeftively to whom fuch Demifes or Leafes fhall be refpeftively made {hall execute Counterparts of the Indenture or Indentures to be made to him, her, and them refpeftively, and thereby covenant for the due Payment of the Rent or Rents to be thereby refpeftively referved, and fo as the Perfon or Perfons refpeftively to whom fuch Demifes or Leafes {hall be made, his, her, or their Executors, Adminiltrators, or Afligns, {hall not by any Claufe or Words to be contained in any fuch Indenture or Indentures be made difpunifhable for Waite, or exempted from Puniiliment for committing Waite.

Court of	IV. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That it {hall be-

Chancery to lawful for the High Court of Chancery from Time to Time, upon Peti-Aft, and to tion to be prefented for that Purpofe by any Perfon who {hall be inte-orderpajmcnt refted, to make an Order or Orders in the Lid Caufe of Holme and Suceof saiS." ot^ers» ve/fus Stanley and another, for taxing or fettling all Colts, Charges, and Expences which have been or (hall be incurred in obtaining and palling this Aft, cr carrying the Purpofes of the fame into Execution, and alfo from Time to Time to make fuch Order or Orders in the fame Caufe as the laid Court {hall think fit for Payment of fuch Coils, Charges, and Expences as aforefaid, out of the Monies which (hall arife from any Sale or Sales under this Aft, or out of any other Monies which fhall be in the Power of the faid Court and applicable under the Directions of the faid Decree.

General	V. Saving always to the King’s molt Excellent Majefty, His Heirs

saving. and Succeflbrs, and to all and every other Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Succeflbrs, Executors, Adminiftrators, and Alhgns (other than and except the faid James Stanley, and George Heron and their Heirs, Meyrick JBanket, and all and every Son and Sons of the faid Meyrick Bankes, and the Heirs Male of the Body or refpeftive Bodies of fuch Son and Sons, and the faid Frederick William Holme, and all and every Soil and Sons of the faid Frederick William Holme, and the Heirs Male of the Body or refpective Bodies of fuch laft-mentioned Son and Sons, and the faid John Holme, and all and every Son and Sons of the faid John Holme, and the Heirs Male of the Body and refpeftive Bodies of fuch laft-mentioned Son and Sons, and the faid Mary Meyrick Holme and her Heirs, the faid Harriett Holme and her Heirs, the faid George Borlafe and Ann hia Wife, and the Heirs of the faid Ann Borlafe, and the (aid Burgh Leighton and Jane his Wife, and the Heirs of the faid Jana Leighton, and all and every other Perfon and Perfons whomfoever having or claiming, or who fhall hereafter have or claim any Eftate, Right,Title, or Intereft in the Real Eftate late of tbe faid William Banket, deceafed,under his laid herein-before in Part recited Will) all fuch Eftate, Right, Title, lntereft. Claim, and Demand of, in, to, or out of the faid Hereditaments hereby authorized to be fold and demifed

as

2293

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 118.

as they, every, or any of them, had before the pafftng of this Ait, or could or might have had, held, or enjoyed, in cafe this Aft had not been made.

VI. And be it further enafted. That this'Aft (hall be printed by Aft to be the Printer to the King's molt Excellent Majelty, and a Copy thereof ETwence' fo printed fhall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Juftices, and others.

ted |bdi *t is ■

• lO v '

*"J vs~	-

.. ..	•	r.	r	-mV	.-,A\c

till ,W: . f	,	.	.	.	‘	^

jajLyii	S	f	-	'	v‘rj	r

-

S5 r

[/-Of. Ss* Per.]

FIRST

2294	+8*	GEORGII	,	III.	Cap.n8.

Firft SCHEDULE.

Of the Eftateslate of William Bankes Efquire, deceafed, which are included in the before-mentioned Ad, and propofed to be fold by virtue thereof.

Several Meffuages, Farms, Buildings, Lands, and Hereditaments		Yearly Rents.  £. !. i:
fituate in Orr-11, in the County of Lancafter, in the feveral p'offef-fions of Mr. Jjhn Clarke, James Culcheth, and others, containing, of the large Chelhire Meafure, the Quantities of Land, and let at Kents as fet forth in the Columns hereunto annexed, or thereabouts, refpe&ively -------	53 3 7	I4i O O
A Meffuage, Farm, and Lands, fituate in Southworth with Croft, in the faid County, now in the Poffeffion of James Ridyard, containing the Quantity of Land, and let at the Rent fet forth as aforefaid - - - *	8 3 3i	20 „ 0
A MefTuagc, Farm and Lands, fituate in Woolfion with Mar-tinscroft, in the faid County of Lancafttr, now in the Poffeffion of containing the Quantity of Land, and of the Yearly Value fet forth as aforefaid, but fubjeft to a Leafc for one Life now in being - - - -	6 2 6	
Divers Meffuages, Buildings, Lands, and Hereditaments, fituate in Orford and Warrington, in the faid County, now or late in the feveral Poffeffions of Mr. John Lowe, Thomas Green, Jofeph Donbavand, Mr. Jonathan Jackfon, Mr. George Ainfworth, William Rowland, and others, containing the Quantity of Land, and let at the Rents let forth as aforefaid - - -	12 3 10	42 1 O
One undivided Third Part or Share of a Meffuage, Farm and Buildings, fituate in Backford, in the County of Chefter, in the Poffeffion of Widow Charnley, containing the Quantity of Land, and let at the Rent fet forth as aforefaid - -	3° 1 0	8 6 8
✓ Total - -	112 1 14	s3a 7 8
		
	George Heinekey.	

Second

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 118.

2295

Second SCHEDULE.

Of the Eftates late of William Bankes Efquire, deceafed, which are included in the before-mentionedA£t, and propofed to be leafed by virtue thereof.

In the Parllh ofWIGAN.

Divers Mefluages, Farm9, Lands, ahd Hereditaments, contain-ing, of the large Meafure there ufed, or thereabouts, be the fame more or lefs, the Quantity of Land, and of the yearly Value fet forth in the Columns annexed, and now or late in the Poffeffion of the feveral Perfons herein-after mentioned, or of their Undertenants, viz. The faid Meyrick Bankes, Henry Afhall, William Foreacre, Henry Baker, John Wifwall, William Wifwall, George Fairclough, Richard Nixon, John Myers, Michael Roby, William Bone, Thomas Talker, George Heinekey, Thomas Ellifon, John Ellifon, Elijah Turton, William Nicholfon, Thomas Cropper, John Hurft, James Unfworth, Jofeph Hurlbutt, William Halliwell, Betty Havrifon, John Gerard, Meffrs. Clarke, Thomas Heinekey, Thomas Daniel, James Fairclough, James Lyon, Henry Bur b, the faid William Wifwall, John Wifwall junior, Henry Rigby, Nathan Lyon, Henry Fairhurft, John Makin.. James Hootin, Richard Myers, Thomas Farrer, Widow Snape, James Anderton, the faid Thomas Daniel, William Farimond, Thomas Taylor, and others -	-	-	-	-



r. £. f. d.

In the Parifh cf W I N WIC K.

Other Mefluages, Farm', Lands and Hereditaments, containing of the like Meafure, and of the yearly Value fet forth as aforefnid, and now or late in the Poflefficn ef Mr. Thomas Houghton and John Pennington, or of their Undertenants ■

Total

o 47600

o 2.676 o o

George Heinekey,

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Stp.auan, Printers to the King’s mod Excellent Majefty. 1S08.

• ' '

O'i ATI.



%>' *■	-	-•	Mg	i	-	•	:,

i»l •.

m > I z-xMk , ,*■*

-i«» • *aa ; i ? '

t ..

-'i A '	1	■’

;	■’	‘	-.{Vi	:■

‘ ••••	■	■	•	-c • •	**'t’ jo ■

,•	-•■■■>-	■„	'i.

o. .	.	.

u	‘	tt.	-sa..........\ - - .. ,<T

V

5>i-	’	f ■'.‘tTff

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*#***#****lMe************************* ****************

Cap. 119.

An Aft for veiling Part of the fettled and devifed Eftates of Sir 'John IVilliarh de la Pole Baronet, de-ceafed, in Truftees for Sale, and for fettling the remaining Part of the faid fettled and devifed Eftates in the Manner therein mentioned.

[18th Jane 1808.]

WHEREAS by Indentures of Leafe and Releafc, bearing Date indentures of refpe&ively the Seventh and Eighth Days of May One thou- Lcafc and Rc* fand feven hundred and feventy-nine, and mace between Sir J^ted.&C John William Pole and Dame Anne Pole, then the Wife and now the Widow of the faid Sir John William Pole, of the one Part, and the Honourable Francis Bailer, James Fsmpler Efquire, Richard Hallett Clerk, and Harry Bewes Efquire, of the oiher Part, the feveral Mefiuages, Farms,

Lands, and Hereditaments, known by the feveral Names of ‘Talliton otherwife Tallaton Farm, Colcomhe and Longdowns, Sharphayne and Great Dcwnhayne, Freakhayne Courtjields. and Mounthills Peverjlone Farm, and the Great Tythe* of Part thereof B/ackparks, Farrantjhays, Marks Barn Pratts, and the Mar flies Higher Check ridge. Lower Checkridge, Brooms and Follelts Checkridge, Symes's Moorbath, and Airam, in the feveral Counties of Devon and Dorfet (Part of the Hereditaments comprifed in theFirft and Second Schedules to this A£t)# with their refpe&ive Rights,

Members, and Appurtenances, were conveyed by the faid Sir John William Pole to feveral Ufc-s, upon and for feveral Trufts, Intents, and Purpofes,

[Loc, 5s* Perl]	25	Z	and

2298

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 119.

and with, under, and fubjcft to feveral Powers, Provifoes, and Limitations in the faid Indenture of Releafe, and in Part herein-after mentioned; (that is to to the Ufe of the faid Sir John William Pole and his Af-figns fop,his Lite 5 Remainder to certain Perfons therein named and their Heirs, in Truft to jupport the contingent Ufes therein-after limited ; Re-mainder.to the Ufe of the faid Dame dnne Pole and her Affigns for her Life ; Remainder to the Ufe of fuch Child and Children of the faid Sir John William Pole by the fai A Anne his Wife, in fuch Shares and Proportions and for fuch Eftates and Interefts, ",nd fubjr£t ro fuch Sum and Sums for the Benefit of fuch Child and Children as the faid Sir' John William Pole and Anne his Wife, at any Time during their joint Lives, by any Deed or Inflrument in Writing, or as the Survivor of them by any fuch Deed or Inftrument in Writing, or by his or her laft Will to be feverally executed and attefled as therein is mentioned, Ihould direft, limit, or appoint; and in default of fuch Direction, Limitation, or Appointment, to the Ufe of all and every the Child and Children of the faid Sir John William Pole and Anne his Wife, to be divided between or among them, if more than One, in equal Shares, as Tenants in Common in Tail, with crofs Remainders between or among them in Tail; and if there Ihould be a Failure of Iflue of all the faid Children but one, or if there Ihould be only One fuch Child, to the Ufe of fuch one or only Child in Tail; with Remainder to the Ufe of the faid Sir John William Pole, his Heirs and Affigns ; and the faid Indenture of Releafe contains ufual Powers of Sale and Exchange, and for the Appointment of new Truftecs in the Place of thofe who ihould refufe or decline, or become incapable to a£t in the Execution of the Trufts thereby created : And whereas by a Deed Poll, bearing Date the Thirteenth Day of May One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, the faid Sir John William Pole and Anne his Wife, in exercife of the Power limited to them for that Purpofe by the faid Indenture of Settle-rivnt, did direct and appoint that if there Ihould be but One Child of the faid Sir John William Foie by the faid Anne his Wife (other than and except an eldelt Son), the Sum of Eight thoufand Pounds Ihould be raifed out of the faid fettled Eftates, and paid to fuch one Child at the Time and in the Manner therein mentioned, and that if there Ihould be Two or more fuch Children, the Sum of Ten thoufand Pounds Ihould be raifed out of the fame Eftates, and paid to and divided between fuch two Children in the Shares, at the Times, and in the Manner therein ex-prefled, and that fubjeft to the raifing and Payment of the faid Sum of Eight thoufand Pounds or Ten thoufand Pounds, as the Cafe might be, the faid feveral Manors and other Hereditaments Ihould, from and after the Deceafe of the Survivor of them the faid Sir John William Pole and Anne his Wife, remain and be to the Ufe of William Temper Pole (the cldeft Son of the faid Sir John William Pole and Anne his Wife) now Sir William Tcmpler de la Pole Baronet, in Tail Male; Re main dr to the Second and every fubfequently born Son of the faid Sfr John William Pole by the faid Anne his Wife, feverally and fuccefiively, according to their refpeftive Seniorities in Tail Male; Remainder to the faid William Templer Pole in Tail, Remainder to Marianne Pole, and every other Daughter of the faid Sir John William Pole by the faid Anne his Wife, to be divided between or among them, if more than One, in equal Shares, as Tenants in Common in Tail, with Crofs Remainders between or among them in Tail; and if all the Lid Daughters but one ihould die without Iflue, or if there Ihould be but one fuch Daughter, tnen to fuch one or only

Daughter

48° GEORGII III. Cap. is9.

Daughter in Tail, and in Default offuch Iflue to the right Heirs of the faid Sir John William Pole: And whereas the faid James Templer departed this Life in the Year One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two : And whereas by Indentures of Leafe and Releafe, bearing Date refpe&ively the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-fixth Days of March One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine, the Releafe being of Three Parts, and made between the faid Francis Buller, Richard Hallett (therein called Richard Hotherfall Hallett) and Harry Reives, of the Firft Part, the faid Sir John William Pole and Anne his Wife, of the Second Part, and the faid Sir John William Pole, of the Third Part, by virtue and in exercife of the Powers to them given in this Behalf by the faid Indenture of Settlement, the faid Francis Buller, Richard Hotherfall Hallett, and Harry Bewes (at the Requeftof the faid Sir John William Pcie and Anne his Wife) did bargain, fell, alien, releafe, difpofe of, and confirm unto the faid Sir John William Pole, his Heirs and Afligns, all thofe the faid Meffuages, Farms, and Hereditaments called Talliton, otherwife Tallaton Farm, P ever ft one Farm, and Tythes, and Black Park, Farrantfhays Marks, Barn Pratts, and the Marlhes, with their refpeftive Appurtenances, to hold the fame unto and to the Ufe of the faid Sir John William Pole, his Heirs and Alligns; and by the Indenture now in Recital, the faid Sir John William Pole did, in Con-fideration thereof,grant, releafe, and confirm certain Meffuages, Lands,and Hereditaments called Brooke Farm, and fuch Parts of a Meffuage and Tenement called Sidford, as were fituate within the Gates and Boundaries of Brooke Farm aforefaid, Woolcots otherwife Howleys Lanes Moores, and Holcombe Stonewater Slade, and Heathayne Rutland!r, otherwife Radlands, D unways Cony gear and Sandpitt, otherwife Sampitt, in the Counties of Devon and Dorfet (other Part of the Hereditaments coifiprifed in the faid Firft and Second Schedules to this Ad) with their refpe&ive Appurtenances, unto and to the Ufe of the faid Francis Buller, Richard Hotherfall Hallett, and Harry Bewes, their Heirs and Afligns, in Trull that they or the Survivors or Survivor of them, his Heirs or Afligns, fliould fettle the fame to the fubfiftiilg Ufes of the faid in Part recited Indenture of Settlement : And whereas by Indentures of Leafe and Release, bearing Date refpeCtively the Twenty-feventh and Twenty-eighth Days of March One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine, the Releafe being of Three Parts, and made between the faid Francis Buller. Richard Hotherfall Hallett, and Harry Bewes, of the Firft Part, the faid Sir John William. Pole and Anne his Wife, of the Second Part, and the Reverend Charles Buckland and John Mounftephen Howe Gentleman, of the Third Parr, the faid Francis Buller, Richard Hotherfall Hallett, and Harry Bewes (at the Requeft of the faid Sir John William Pole and Anne his Wife) did grant, releafe, and confirm the feveral Hereditaments conveyed unto and to the Ufe of them the faid Francis Buller, PJ chard Hotherfall Hallett, and Harry Bewes, and their Heirs, by the faid laft in Part recited Indentures of Leafe and Releafe, with their Appurtenances, unto the faid Charles Buckland and John Mounftephen Howe, and their Heirs, to the feveral Ufes upon and for the Trulls, Intents, andPurpofes, and with and fubjeft to the Powers, Provifoes, Limitations, and Declarations which by the faid Indenture of Settlement were exprefled and contained of and concerning the Hereditaments therein comprifed : And whereas by virtue of His Majefty’s Licence under His Royal Sign Manual, bearing Date the Thirtieth Day of September One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-aine, the faid Sir John William Pole aflfumed and thenceforth ufed the

Name

2 #9

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 119,

Name and Title of Sir John William de la Pole : And whereas by Indenture of Leafe and Releafe, bearing Dare refpe&ively the Twenty-feventh and Twenrv-eighth Days of July One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, the Releafe being of Three Parts, and made between the faid Francis Buller, then Sir Francis Puller B ' onet, Richard Hotherfall Hal* left, and Harry Bewes of the Firfl Part, the faid Sir John William de la Pole and Dame Anne his Wife, of the Second Part, and the faid Sir John William de la Pole of the Third Part, the faid Sir Francis Buller, Richard HotherJall Halle//, and Harry Bewes, in Exercife of the Power to them for thisPurpofe given by the faid Indenture cf Settlement of the Eighth Day of May One thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, did (at the Requefl of the faid Sir John William de la Pole and Anne his Wife) bargain, fell, alien, releafe, dilpofe of, and confirm unto the faid Sir John William de la Pole and his Heirs, the feveral Farms and other Hereditaments comprifed in the faid Indentures of the Seventh and Eighth Days of May One thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, called Higher Checkridge, Lower Checkridge, Broomes Follets and Checkridge, with their Appurtenances, to hold the fame unto and to the'Ufeof the faid Sir John William de la Pole, his Heirs and Affigns ; and by the faid Indentures now in recital, the faid Sir John William de la Pole did, in Confideration of the faid Conveyance thtreby made to. him and his Heirs, grant, releafe, and confirm unto the faid Sir Francis Bul'er, Richard Hotherfall Hallett, and Harry Bewes, and their Heirs, feyerai Hereditaments called Overlexhayne, Little Lodge, Little KUlhaync, Skinners Haddons * and Cleaves, intheParifh of Shute, in the faid County of Devon, (other Part of the Hereditaments comprifed in the faid Fiifl and Second Schedules to this Aft,) with the Appurtenances, to hold the fame unto and to theUfe of the faid Sir Francis Buller, Richard Hotherfall Hallett, and Harry Bewes, their Heirs and Affigns, in Truft that they, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, his Heirs or Affigns, (hould fettle the fame Hereditaments to the fubfifling Ufes of the faid Indenture of Set lement of the Eighth Day of May One thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine : And whereas by Indentures of Leafe and Releafe, bearing Date relpecUvely the Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth Days of July One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, the Releafe being of Three Parts, and made between the faid Sir Francis Buller, Richard Hotherfall Hallett, and Harry Bewes, of the Firfl Part, the faid Sir John William de la Pole and Anne his Wife, of the Second Part, and the Reverend Charles Buckland and John Mounftephen Howe, of the Third Part, the faid Sir Francis Buller, Richard Hotherfall Hallett, and Harry Bewes, (at the Requefl of the faid Sir John William de la Pole and Anne his Wife) did grant, releafe, and confirm unto the faid Charles Buckland and John Mounftephen Howe, and their Heirs, the Rveral Hereditaments conveyed unto and to theUfe of them the faid Sir Francis Puller, Richard I-lothefall Hallett, and Harry Bewes, and their Heirs, by the lafily herein-before in Part recited Indentures of Leafe and Releafe, with their Appurtenanc s, to hold the fame unto the fi id Charles Buckland and John Mounftephen Howe, and their Heirs, to the feveral Ufes upqn and for the Trulls, Intents, and Purpofes, and with and fubjedt to the feveral Powers, Provifoes, Limitations, and Declarations which by the faid Indenture of Settlement of the Eighth Day of May One thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine a e exprefied and contained, of and concerning the Hereditaments therein comprifed: And whereas the faid Harry Bewes departed this Life in the Year One thoufand feven hundred 9	and

4S°GE0RGII III. Cap.iu).

and ninetyvthree: And whereas by Indentures of Leafe and Releafe, bearing Date rdpe&ively the. Eighteen1 h and'Nineteenth Days of-November One thouiand fcven hundred and ninety-four, the Re!eare bcirig of Three Parts, and made between the faid Sir Frauds Bulky and Richard Hotherfall Hallett of the Firlt Part, the faid Sir John William de la Pole and Anne his Wife of the Second Part, the faid Sir John William ■de la .Pole of the Third Part, the faid Sir Francis Butler and Richard Ho-■therfall Halleti, in Exercife of the Power to them for this Purpofe given by the faid Indenture of Settlement of the Eighth Day of May One thousand feven hundred and feventy-nine,did (at the Requcft of the faid Sir y® At* William de la Pole and Anne his Wife) bargain, fell, alien, releafe, difpofe of, and confirm unto the faid Sir John William de la Pole and his Heirs, the feveralFarms and other Hereditaments comprifed in the faid Indentures of the Seventh and Eighth Days of May One thoufand feven hundred and (V-venty-nine, and called Moorbalh and Atrain, with their Appurtenances, to hold the fame unto and to the Ufe of the faid Sir John William de la Pole his Heirs and Afiigns, and by the Indenture of Releafe now in recital the faid Sir John William de la Pole did granr, r..-leafe, and confirm unto •the faid Sir Francis Buller and Richard Hotherfall Hallett, and their Heirs, feveral Hereditaments called Down, otherwile Lawn, otherwife Taylor*s Hill, in Sidbury, in the faid County of Devon, and late Dillard*s OxCn-leaze, Barrow Mead, Swallow CloJe, and Flower Mead, in Shuts afbrefaid’, (other Part of the Hereditaments comprifed in the laid Fir ft and Second Schedules.) with their refpe&ive Appuitenances, to hold the fame unto and to the Ufe of the faid Sir Francis Buller and Richard Hotberfall'TIallett, their Heirs and Affigns, in Trull that they or the Survivor of them, his Heirs or Affigns, fliould fettle the fame Hereditaments to the fubfifting Ufes of the faid Indenture of Settlement of the Eighth Day of May One thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine: And whereas by In -denrures of Leafe and Releafe, bearing Date refpeftively the Twentieth .and Twenty-full Days of November One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, the Releafe being of Three Parts, and made between the faid Sir Francis Buller and Richard Hotherfall Halleti of the Firfl: Part, the laid Sir John William de la Pole and Dame Anne his Wife of the Second Part, and the faid Charles Buckland and John Mounjlephen Howe of the Third Part, the faid Sir Francis Buller and Richard Hotherfall Hallett (at the Requeft of the faid Sir John William de la Pole and Anne his Wife) did grant, releafe, and confirm unto the faid Charles Buckland and John Mounjlephen Howe and their Heirs, the feveral Hereditaments conveyed unto and to the Ufe of the faid Sir Francis Buller and Richard Hotherfall Hallett and their Heirs, by the laftly herein-before recited Indentures of Leafe and Releafe, with their Appurtenances, to hold the fame unto the faid Charles Buckland and John Mounjlephen Howe and their Heirs, to tfie Ufes upon and for the Trufts, Intents, and Purpofes, and with and fubjed to the Powers, Provifoes, Limitations, and Declarations which by the faid Indenture of Settlement of the Eighth Day of May One thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine tire exprefied and contained of and concerning the Manors and other Hereditaments therein comprifed : And whereas by an Indenture bearing Date the Nineteenth Day of March One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, and made between the faid Sir John William de la Pole oi the Firft Part, the faid Dante Annede la Pole of the Second Parr, and Thomas Lane Efquire, the Reve-[Loc. & Per.j	26 A	rend

2302

48° GEORGII III. Cap. i 19.

Tend John Tempter and George Tempter Efquire, of the Third Part, after reciting the Deaths of the faid James Tempter and Harry Bewes, and that the faid Sir Francis But cr was defirous of being difcharged from and had declined to aft in the Trulls rep- fed in him by the faid indenture of Settlement of the Eighth Day of May One thoufand feven hundred and fe-venty-nine, the faid Sir John William de la Pole, by virtue and inexercife of the Power by that Indenture given to him in that Behalf, did nominate and appoint the faid Thomas Lane to be a Trultee of the faid fettled FJlates in the Room of the faid Harry Bewes deceafed; and the faid Dame Anne de la Pole, by virtue and in exercife of the Power by the fame Indenture of Settlement given to her in that Behalf, did nominate and appoint the faid John Tempter to be a Trultee of the faid fettled Eflates in the Room of the faid James Tempter deceafed, and the faid George Tempter in the Room of the faid Sir Francis Butler: And whereas by Indentures of Leafe and Releafe, bearing Date refpe&ively the Nineteenth and Twentieth Days of March One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, the Releafe being of Three Parts, and made between the laid Sir John William de la Pole and Anne his Wife of the Firlt Parr, the faid Sir Francis Fuller and Richard Hotherfall Hallett of the Second Part, and John Bawden Gentleman of the i hird Part, for the more effectually enabling the faid Thomas Lane, John Templcr, and George Tempter, to a£t in the Execution of the Trulls to which they were appointed as therein and hcrein-before is mentioned, the faid Sir Francis Fuller and Richard Hotherfall Hallett did releafe, and the faid Sir John William de la Pole did confirm unto the faid John Bowden and his Heirs all fuch and fo many of the Mefluages and other Hereditaments comprifed in the faid recited Indenture of Settlement as had not been given in Exchange, which then remained veiled in the faid Sir Francis Bultcr and Richard Hotherfall Ha licit, with their Appurtenances, to hold the fame unto and to the Ufe of the faid John Bawden,h\s Heirs and Alfigns, in Trull to convey the fame unto the laid Richard Hotherfall Hallett, Thomas Lane, John Tempter,GeorgeTempler, and their Heirs, to the fubfilling Ufes of the faid Indenture of Settlement of the Eighth Day of May One thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine : And whereas by Deed Poll of Leafe and Releafe under the Hands and Seals of the faid John Bawden and Sir John William de la Pole, and bearing Date refpe&ively tne Twentieth and Twenty-hrll Days of March One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, the faid John Bawden (at the Requeit of the faid Sir John William de la Pole) did bargain, fell, and releafe unto the laid Richard Hotherfall Hallett, Thomas Lane, John Tempter, and George Templcr, and their Heirs, the Hereditaments comprifed in the lall-mentioned Indentures, with the Appurtenances, to hold the fame unto the faid Richard Hotherfall Hat let, Thomas Lane, John Tempter, and George Tempter, and their Heirs, to fuch of the leveral Ufes upon and for fuch of the Trulls, Intents, and Purpol'es, and under and fubjeft to fuch of the Powers, Provifoes, Limitations, and Declarations in the faid Indenture of Settlement expreffed concerning the Hereditaments therein comprifed as were then fubfilling or capable of taking Effect: And whereas by Three feveral Indentures of Leafe and Releafe, each of the faid Indentures of Leafe bearing Date the Twenty-iecond Day of March One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, and each of the faid Indentures of Releafe bearing Date the Day then next following, and each of the faid Indentures of Releafe being of Three Parts, and made be-6	tween

480 GEORGII III. Cap. at).

tween the faid Sir “John William de la Pole and Anne his Wife of the Fir (I Part, the faid Charles Buckland and John Mounftephen Howe of the Second Fart, and the faid Richard Hotherfall Hallett, Thomas Lane, John Tempter, and George Tempter, of the Third Part, the faid Charles Buckland and John Moimjlepben Howe, at the Requeft of the faid Sir John William dc la Pole and Anne his Wife, did bargain, fell, and releafe, and the laid Sir John William de la Pole did ratify and confirm unto the laid Richard Hotherfall Hallett, Thomas Lane, John Tempter, and George Templer, and their Heirs, the feveral Hereditaments feverally comprifed in the faid Indentures of the Twenry-eighth Day of March One thouland feven hundred and eighty-nine, the Thirtieth Day of July One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, and the Twenty-firft Djy of November One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, with their refpe&ive AoDurte-nances, to hold the fame unto the faid Richard Hotherfall,Hallett, Thomas Lane, John Tcmtler, and George Templer, and their Heirs, to fuch of tne life's upon and for fuch of the Trufts, Interns, and Purpofes, and with and fubjedl to fuch of the Powers, Provifoes, and Limitations (except only the:Po\vers of Sale and Exchange) by the faid Indenture of Settlement expreffed, concerning the Hereditaments therein comprifed, as were then fubfifting and capable of taking Effect: And whereas by Indentures of Leafe and Keleafe, bearing Date refpeefively the Twenty-feventh and Twenty-eighth Days of May One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, and made between the faid Sir John William de la Pole of the one Part, and the faid John Tempter and George Templer of the other Part, after reciting, among other Things, that he the faid Sir John William de la Pole was indebted to feveral Perfons mentioned in the Schedule to the faid Indenture of Releafe, in the feveral Sums of Monty therein fpecified, which amounted in the Whole to the Sum of Forty-nine thoufand Pounds or thereabouts, and that he was feifed of feveral Manors and other Hereditaments in the Counties of Levon and Lorfet, in Fee Simple, fubjec: to feveral Mortgages and otherlncumbrances thereon,the faid Sir JohnWilliam de la Pole did grant, releafe, aflign, and confirm unto the laid John Templer and GeorgeTempIer, their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns, the feveral Freehold and LeafeholdEftates therein mentioned (and which Eftates are comprifed in the Second Schedule to this Aft) with their refpe&ive Appurtenances, to hold the fame unto and to the Ufe of the faid John Templer and George Tempter, their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators, and Affigns, accordingto the Nature and Quality of the fame Hereditaments and Premifes, in Truft to fell certain Parts therein particularized of the faid Eftates in the Manner therein-mentioned, and out of the Money arifing from the Sale thereof, and out of the Rents and Profits of all the faid Eftates to difeharge the Interell of the certain Debts mentioned in the faid Schedule to the Indenture now in recital, and to pay to the faid Sir John William de la Pole the Yearly Sum of Eight hundred Pounds, and retain certain annual Sums therein mentioned for the Maintenance and Education of his Sons, and fubjeft to the Trufts aforefaid, in Truft to pay off and difeharge the feveral Bond and Simple Contract Debts mentioned in the fame Schedule, and the Intereft of fuch of the faid Debts as then did or fhould thereafter carry Intereft, and after Payment thereof in Truft to pay the Surplus (if any) of the faid Monies to the faid Sir John William de la Pole, his Executors, Adminiftrators, and Af-fignsj and by the laid Indenture now in recital it was alfo agreed and

declared.

2304

48cGEORGII III. Cap. 119.

declared, that in cafe any Part of the Hereditaments thereby made Tale-able fliould remain undifpofed of after anfwering the Trufts therein and hercin-before mentioned, the Hid John Templer and George Templer, and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs, Execuiors, Adminidraiors, and Afligns of fuch Survivor, fhouid convey the Part remaining nndilpofed of and unfold of the Eftates thereby dirc&ed to be fold, and all the faid ether Effaces, with their refpe£tive Appurtenances, unto and to the Ufe of or in Trull for the faid Sir John William de la Pole, his Heirs, Executors, Adminiflrators,andA{Tignsrefpecfively: And whereas fuchPartsoftheEffates as there is a Power to fell, and which are particularized in the laid Indenture of the Twenty-eighth of May One thouf nd feven hundred and ninety-eight, amount to One thoufand Pounds per Annum, or thereabouts, and the Rents and Profits of all the Eftates of the faid Sir John William de la Pole amount to Four thoufand five hundred Pounds per Annumy and upwards: And whereas the annual Intereft of the Debts (being Mortgage Debts) mentioned in the faid Schedule to the faid Indenture, amounts to One thoufand fix hundred and forty Pounds, being Five Pounds per Centum upon the principal Sum of Thirty-two Thoufand eight hundred Pounds : And whereas the feveral Bond and Simple Contract Debts amounted to the Sum of Seventeen thoufand will of sir Pounds, or thereabouts : And whereas the faid Sir 'John William de la dc'la Pokam	frgned an<3 publifhed his laft Will and Teflament, bearing Date

the Twenty-fourth Day of October One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, and thereby bequeathed to the faid Dame Anne de la Pole then his Wife the Sum of Three thoufand Pounds, to be paid within Six Months after his Deceafe ; to his Son John George de la Pole the Sum of Five thoufand Pounds, to be paid to him at his Arrival to the Age of Twenty-one Years, and to his Daughter the faid Marianne de la Pole the Sum of Ten thoufand Pounds, to be paid at her Age of Twenty-one Years or Day of Marriage, provided fuch Marriage were had with the Confent of her Guardian for the Time being; and the faid Teftator did direct, that until the Legacies thereby bequeathed to his faid Son and Daughter fliould become payable, fuch annual Sum fliould be paid towards their Maintenance and Education as his or her Guardian fliould think proper, not exceeding in the Whole for each what the Intereft at Four Pounds per Centum of his or her expectant Portion would amount to ; and the laid Teftator declared,that the Provifions thereby made for his faid Son and Daughter were in lieu of the Portions charged or provided for him and her by the faid Deed Poll of the Thirteenth Day of May One thoufand leven hundred and eighty-fix; and after bequeathing feveral final 1 pecuniary Legacies, amounting in the Whole to the Sum of One hundred and five Pounds, to the feveral Perfons named in his faid Will, the faid Teftator devifed all the Freehold Manors and other Hereditaments of which he or any Perlon or Perfons in Trull for him, was or werefeifed or entitled (not only thofc w hereof he was feifed iri Pofleflion, butthofe of which he was feifed in Remainder or ReverfionJ when fuch Remainder or Reverfions fliould come into Pofleflion, and of which he had Power to difpofe by his Will (Part of which laid devifed Hereditaments are comprifed in the faid Firft and Second Schedules to this Act) unto the faid John Templer, George Templer, Thomas Lane, and the Reverend JohnBuckiand, their Heirs andAfligns, to theUfes and upon the Trulls folio wing (that is tc fay) to theUfe of the faid JohnTempleriM George

Templer,

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 119.

Tempter, their Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns, for the Term of Five hundred Years, upon theTrufts therein and herein-after mentioned, and after the Expiration or fooner Determination of the faid Term, and alfofubjefl to the Trufts declared by the faid Indentures of the Twenty-feventh and Twenty-eighth Days of May One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, to the Ufe of his the faid Tell a tor’s eldeft Sen the faid Sir William Templer de la Pole, then William Tempter de la Pole, and his Af-figns, for Life ; Remainder to the Ufe of the faid Thomas Lane and John Buckland, their Heirs and Afligns, during the Life of the faid Sir William Tempter de la Pole, in Truft to fupport the contingent Remainders therein-after limited ; Remainder to the firft and every other Son of the faid Sir William Tempter de la Pole, feverally and fucceflively, according to theirrefpettive Seniorities, in Tail Male; Remainder to the faid John George de la Pole and his Afligns for his Life; Remainder to the faid Thomas Lane and John Buckland, and their Heirs, during the Life of the faid John George de la Pole, in Truft to preferve the contingent Rema;ndrrs therein-after limited; Remainder to the firft and every other Son of the faid John George de la Pole, feverally and fucceflively, according to their refpeftive Seniorities, in Tail Male; Remainder to the Ufe of every other Son of the faid Teftator, (other than and except the faid Sir William Tempter de la Pole and John George de la Pole) feverally and fucceflively, according to their refpedtive Seniorities, in Tail Male; Remainder to the faid Marianne de la Pole and her Afligns for her Life; Remainder to the faid Thomas Lane and John Buckland, and their Heirs, during the Life of the faid Marianne de la Pole, in Truft to preferve the contingent Remainders therein-after limited; Remainder to the firft and every other Son of the faid Marianne de la Pole feverally and fucceflively, according to their refpe&ive Seniorities in Tail Male ; Remainder to the firft and every other Daughter of the faid Sir William Tempter de la Pole, feverally and fucceflively, according to their refpe&ive Seniorities, in Tail Male ; Remainder to the firft and every Daughter of the faid John George de la Pole, feverally and fucceflively, according to their refpe&ive Seniorities, in Tail Male; Remainder to the Firft and every other Daughter of the faid Marianne de la Pole, feverally and fucceflively, according to their re-fpe&ive Seniorities in Tail Male ; Remainder to Reginald Pole Carew and his Afligns, during his Life; Remainder to the faid Thomas Lane and John Buckland, and their Heirs, during the Life of the faid Reginald Pole Carew, in Truft to fupport the contingent Remainders therein-after devifed ; Remainder to the firft and every other Son of the faid Reginald Pole Carew feverally and fucceflively, according to their refpe&ive Seniorities, in Tail Male; Remainder to Sir Charles Morice Pole Baronet, then Charles Morice Pole, and his Afligns, for his Life; Remainder to the faid Thomas Lane and John Buckland, and their Heirs, during the Life of the faid Charles Morice Pole, in Truft to preferve the contingent Remainders therein-after deviled ; Remainder to the firft and every other Son of the faid Charles Mo; ice Pole, feverally and fucceflively, according to their refpe&ive Seniorities, in Tail Male; Remainder to Edward Pole and his Afligns, for his Life; Remainder to the faid Thomas Lane and John Buckland, and their Heirs, during the Life of-th# faid Edward Pole, in Truft to preferve the contingent Remainders thereinafter devifed ; Remainder to the firft and every other Son of the faid Edward Pole, feverally and fucceflively, according to their refpeclive Se-\Loc. fsf Per.]	26 B	niaricies.

3306

48“ GEORGII III. Cap.119.

niorities, in Tail Male, and for default cf fuch Iflue, to the right Heirs of the faid Teftator forever; and the laid Teftator did declare, that he had devifed the faid Manors and other Hereditaments to the Ufe of the faid Jo/jn Templer and George Templer, their Executors, Ad mini lira tors, and Affigns, for the faid Term of Five hundred Years, upon the Trufts in the faid Will, and in Part herein-after mentioned (that is to fay) in Truft, by Mortgage or Sale of the Hereditaments therein comprifed, for all or any Part of the fame T erm, to raife fuch Sums of Money for the Payment of fo much of his the faid Teftator’s Debts, Legacies, and Funeral Expences, as hisPerfonal Eftate (not fpecifically bequeathed) lhould be insufficient to pay, and to apply the Money fo to be raifed in Difcharge of the fame accordingly ; and after Payment thereof, then in Trull during the Minority of the faid Sir William Templer de la Pole, and during the Minority of every other Perion who for the Time being lhould be entitled to the Pofieflion or to the Receipt of the Rents of the Hereditaments therein-before devifed, to raife fuch Yearly Sums of Money for the Maintenance and Education of his faid Son, and fuch other Perfon fo for the Time being entitled as aforefaid, as they the faid Truflees or Truflee lhould think fit, and alfo fuch Maintenance as the faid Teftator had therein-before dire&ed to be raifed for his younger Son and Daughter; and after reciting or referring to the faid Indentures of Settlement of the Seventh and Eighth Days ot May One thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, the faid Deed Poll of the Thirteenth D. y of May One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, and the Lid feveral Deeds of Exchange, the faid Teftator declared his Will to be, that the faid Sir William Templcr de la Pole, or in the cafe of his Death the Perfon or Perfons who by virtue of the faid Will lhould be entitled to the Hereditaments thereby devifed, lhould, within Twelve Calendar Months after they lhould re-fp'jctively become entitled to the Pofiefficn or to the Receipt of the Rents of the Hereditaments comprifed in the faid Settlement and Deeds of Exchange (if then of Age) but if under Age, then within Twelve Calendar Months after they lhould refpe&ively attain the Age of Twenty-one Years, efte&ually fettle all fuch laft-mentioned Hereditaments to the fame Ufes, upon the fame Trufts, and with, under, and fubject to the fame Powers, Provifoes, and Declarations as were the rein-before ex-prefled of and concerning the Manors and other Hereditaments by him devifed to the faid Sir William Templer de la Pole and his Affigns for his Life,, with fuch Remainders over as aforefaid, or fuch of them as lhould then be fubfifting and capable of taking Effed; and in cafe the faid Sir William Templer de la Pole, or fuch other Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid, lhould refule or negled to make the Settlement thereby direded, the faid Teftator declared that the Eftate therein-before deviled to the Uie of the faid Sir William Templer de la Pole and his Affigns, for his Life, and fuch other Perfons as in cafe of his Death would be entitled thereto for Life as aforefaid lhould ceafe, and immediately after fuch Refufai or Negled, the Rents of the fame Hereditaments lhould be received by the faid John Templer and George Templer, and the Survivor ofthrni, his Heirs and Affigns, during the then Refidue of. the Life of the faid Sir William Templer de la Pole, and fuch other Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid, and applied in the Manner in the faid Will particularly mentioned ; and the faid Teftator bequeathed all his Manors, Mefluages, Lands, Tenement®, and Pre-mifes of which the faid Teftator, or any Perfon in Trull for him, was or

at

48uGEORGII Iir. Cap.llg,

at the Time of his Deceafe (hould be poffefled for the Life or Lives of any Perfon or Perfons, or for any Term or Number of Years, unto the faid fohn Templet and George Tempter, their Executors, Administrators, and Afligns, according to the Nature and Quality of fuch EStates, in Truft for the Perfon or Perfons who for the Time being Should be entitled to the PolfeSIion or to the Receipt of the Rents of the Freehold Hereditaments thereby devifed, or as near thereto as the Quality of the faid ESlates and the Rules of Law and Equity would admit, fo as that the fame Leafehold Premifes Should veil abfc-lutely in the Perfon who Should firft be Tenant in Tail in PoSTeSfion of the faid Freehold Hereditaments, and of the full Age of Twenty one Years, and not fooner ; and the faid Teftator did by his faid Will provide and declare, that his Perfonal ESlate Should be confidered by his faid Truttees, as the primary Fund for the Payment of his funeral Expences, Debts, and Legacies, and that the Savings of the Rents, lSTues, and Profits (accruing during the Minority of any Perfon for the Time being entitled to the Hereditaments thereby devifed) of the EHates comprifed in the faid Term of Five hundred Years Should be confidered as the next, and that the Mortgages or Sales to be made of the faid ESlates Should be confidered as the lalt or ultimate Fund for thatPurpofe, notwithstanding which the faid Teftator left it in. the full Difcretion of his faid Truflees to fell or mortgage the ESlates comprifed in the faid Term of Five hundred Yeats, or any Part thereof, before any Perfonal Eftate was fo got in and applied as aforefaid, and declared it was his Intention that all his Debts Should be paid as foon as might be, and that his Legatees Should alfo be* paid their refpeftive Legacies as Soon as might be after the fame Should become payable ; and it was his Defire, that if fufficient of his Perfonal ESlate, and of the Rents and Profits of his Freehold and Leafehold Eftates thereby devifed, accruing during any fuch Minority as aforefaid, Should not be got in to anfwer his faid Debts and Legacies when the fame ought to be paid, that then his faid Truflees Should make ufe of the faid Power of Mortgage or Sale in order to raife Mon$y fufficient for Payment of his faid Debts and Legacies, without waiting to get in his Perfonal ESlate, or fuch Rents and Profits as aforefaid, for that Purpofe; but his Defire was, that the Manors of Broad Winfor and Alterpeverell, and all his Melfuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the feveral Parishes of Broad Winfor, Sy-mondjbury, and Whitechurch Canonicorum, in the County of Dorfet (Fart of the Hereditaments and Premifes thereby devifed) Should be fold and difpofed of before any other or others of his Manors, MeSTuages, Lands, Tenements, ^nd Hereditaments, or any or either of them, or any Part or Parts thereof: And the faid Teftator thereby further declared hrs Will to be, and did thereby dire<51 the faid John Tempter and George Tempter, and the Survivor of them, and the Executors, Adminiftrators, and Af-figns of fuch Survivor, by virtue of the Power thereby created, and in them veiled, and by the Ways and Means therein-before mentioned, to raiSe the Sum of Three thoufand Pounds as foon as conveniently might be after his Deceafe, and lay out and apply the fame in ere&ing and building a good fubftancial Dwelling-houfe, with fuitable Offices, on fuch Part of his Farm called Colcombe Park, in the faid Parifh of Colyton, in fuch Manner and Form as his faid dear Wife, the Said Dame Anne de la Pole, Should appoint for that Purpofe, which faid Dwelling-houle, with its Appurtenances, and Five Acres of Land thereunto adjoining, the faid Tef-9	tator

2JO

2308	48*	GEOPvGII	III.	Cap. 119.

tator devifcd unto his faid Wife during the Term of her natural Life,- ftie hisfaid Wife keeping the fame in good Repair ; and from and after the Deceafe of his faid Wife, the faid Teftator devifed the faid Dwelling-houfe and Land, with its Appurtenances, unto the faid John Templer, George 'Templer, Thomas Lane, and John Buckland, and their Heirs, to fuch Ufer, upon and for fuch Trufh, Ends, Intents, and Purpofes, and fubjedt to fuch Powers, Provisoes, and Declarations, as werr therein-before exp elled of and concerning his Manors, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, and He-De?th of Sir reditaments thereby devifed as aforefaid: And whereas the faid Sir John ckia Pole!iam	de	I*2	^ole afterwards departed this Life in the Month of November

One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, without having revoked or in anywife altered his faid Will, and the fame was duly proved foon after his Deceafe in the Prerogative Court of the Archbifliopof Canterbury : And whereas the faid Sir John William de la Poie intermarried with Anne Templer in the Month of January One thoufarfd feven hundred and feventy nine, and left Iffue by her the faid Sir William Templer de la Pole, John Ge.rge de la Foie, and Marianne de la Pole, and no other Child: And whereas the faid John George de la Pole hath fmee departed this Lile an Infant, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, and wit hour Iffue, and the faid Sir William Templer de la Pole and Marianne de la Pole are both now living, and have feverally attained the Age of Twenty-one Years : And whereas the faid Sir William Templer de la Pole intermarried with Sophia Anne Templer in the Month of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and four, and hath Iffue by her one Son, namely John George de la Pole, now an Infant, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, and no other Child : And whereas the faid Marianne de la Pole hath not married: And whereas the faid Reginald Pole Carew intermarried with Jemima Yoirke in the Month of November One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, and hath Iffue by her only One Son, namely, Jofeph Pole Carew, now an Infant under the Age of Twenty one Years : And the laid Sir Charles Morice Pole hath no Son : And the faid Edward Pole intermarried with Jane Rcbinfon, on or abouc the Twenty-feventh Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and one, and hath Iffue by her Three Sons, namely, Reginald Pole, Edward Pole, and Henry Pole, all of them Infants under the Age of Twency-one Years, and Two Daughters, and no other Child : And whereas no Part of the Hereditaments comprifed in the faid Indenture of the Twenty-eighth Day of May One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, has yet been fold under the Trulls of that Indenture, but the faid John Templer and George Templer have at different Times, as well in the Lifetime of the faid Sir John William de la Pole, as fince his Deceafe, applied certain Parts of the Rents, Iffues, and Profits of the faid Hereditament*, and of the Perfonal Ellate of the faid Sir John William de la Pole, amounting to Eleven thoufand Pounds, or thereabouts, in difeharge of feveral of the Bond and Simple Contract Debts fpecified in the faid Schedule to the faid Indenture of the Twenty-eighth Day of May One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, amounting in the Whole to Seventeen thoufand Pounds, or thereabouts, as above-mentioned, and alfo in Payment of the Iruereft 'which has from Time to Time become due in refped of fuch of the faid Mortgage and Bond and Simple Contract Debts fpecified in the faid Schedule as carried lntereft : And whereas the unapplied Refidueof the Perfonal Eitate of the Lid Sir John William de la Pole being Seven thoufand Pounds, or thereabouts, as

flaccd

'*$$9

48s GEORGII IH. Cap.119.

ftated in the Fourth Schedule to this Act, is meant to be applied to the Difcharge of all the Bond and Simple Contraft Debts fpecified in the Schedule annexed to the laid Indenture of the Twenty-eighth Day of May One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, which now remain unpaid, and amount to Six thoufand Pounds or thereabouts: And whereas no Part of the laid Legacies of Three thoufand Pounds and Ten thoufand Pounds, bequeathed by the faid Will of the faid Sir John William de la Pole to the faid Dame Anne de la Pole and Marianne de la Pole refpec-tively, or of the Sum of Three thoufand Pounds thereby directed to be railed for building a Houfe for the Refidence of the faid Dame Anne de Is Pole, hath been paid or raifed : And whereas the faid Dame Anne de la Pole hath confented that the lad-mentioned Sum of Three thoufand Pounds lhall not be raifed, in Confideration that Intereft for the fame Sum, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum {hall be paid to her during her Life: And whereas the Second Schedule to this Aft is alfo divided into Two Parts, and the bird Part thereof contains a Particular of that Part of the faid fettled Edates which is intended to be veded in Trudees for Sale as herein-after is mentioned ; and the Second Part of the faid Second Schedule contains a Particular of that Part of the faid devi'ed Edates which is intended to be veded in Trudees for Sale as herein-after is mentioned: And whereas it will be beneficial to all Per-fons intereded in the faid Edates, that the Manors and other Hereditaments comprifed in the faid Fird Part of the Second Schedule to thia Aft fhould be abfolutely fold in Fee Simple, and that the Manors and Hereditaments mentioned in the Second Part of the faid Second Schedule, and comprifed in the faid Term of Five hundred Years, fhould be fold in Fee Simple, rather than for the Remainder of the faid Term of Five Hundred Years (the fame lying at a confiderable Didance from, and not being in anywife connefted with the other Parts of the faid Edates, and the other Edates being compaft, and lying contiguous to the Family Manfion Houfe), and that the Money arifing from the Sale of the Edates propofed to be fold fhould, fo far as the fame will extend, be applied in Dilcharge of the Incumbrances af-fefting the faid Edates, in the Manner herein-after exprefied, and in order thereto that a competent Parc of the Edates devifed by the faid Will of the faid Sir John William de la Pole fhould be limited to the faid Dame Anne dc la Pole, in lieu.of that Part of the Edates propofed to be fold of which fhe is now Tenant for L fe, under the faid Indentures of the Seventh and Eighth Days of May One thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine: And whereas the Fird Schedule to this Aft is divided into Two Parts, and the Fird Part of the faid Schedule contains a Particular of that Part of the faid fettled Edates which is not intended to be fold or exchanged under the Powers herein-after contained,but is to be left fubjeft to the Life Eftate therein of the faid Dame Anne de la Pole, and fubjeft thereto, to be fettled as herein-after is mentioned ; and the Second Part of the Fird Schedule contains a Particular of that Fart of the Edates devifed by the faid W-ili of the faid Sir John William de la Pole, which is intended to be limited to the faid Dame Anne de la Pole, in lieu of that Part of the faid fettled Edates which is propofed to be fold:	And

whereas the faid Second Part of the faid Fird Schedule, and the faid Firft Part of the faid Second Schedule, contain a Particular of the Annual Rent and Annual Value of the Edates therein refpeftively comprifed ;• And whereas the Third Schedule to this Aft contains the Particulars of [Loc. & PerP\	26	C	the

23iO	4-S’	GEOR.G1I	III.	Cap.	119.

the feveral Mortgage Debts and Legacies cha-ged upon and affcding the devifed Eftates of the faid Sir John William ilc la Pole deceafed, which now remain unpaid ; and the Fourth Schedule contains the Particulars of the Bond and Simple Contract Debts of the faid Sir John William de la Pole, remaining unpaid, and an Account of the unapplied Refidue of his Peifonal Eftate: And whereas, by realbn of the Limitations contained in the faid Will of the faid Sir John William de la Pole, the fe-veral Puipofes herein-befcre mentioned cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament ; therefore Your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal Subjects, the faid Dame Anne de la Pole, Sir William lempler de la Pole, on Behalf of himfelf and his Son, the faid John George de la Pole an Infant, Marianne de la PolRegin Id Pole Careuo, on Behalf of himfelf and or his Son, the faid Jofepb Pole Cnrew an Infant, the faid Charles Morice Pole-, and the faid Ediuurd Pole, on 13ehalf of himfelf and of the faid Reginald Pole, Edward Pole, and Henry Pole, his Infant Sons, domoft humbly befeech Your Maje&y that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Conknt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That ad.andjd ' the feveral Manors, Meffuages, Lands, Teneme its, and all and lingular Schedules.veil- other the Freehold and Leai'ehold Hereditaments and Premifes federally difeharged^f’ comprifed in the Indentures and Affuranc.es herein-before recited, and in the Utesofthe the laid Will of the faid Sir J hn William de la Pole, and which are in-ture?andWJl c^u£^e^ *n ^ie Eirft ar)d Second Schedules to his Aft, with their refpec-of Sir John live Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, fhall, from and afrer the palling of this Aft, be and the fame are hereby vefled in the faid Reginald Pole Catew and Sir Charles Morice Pole\ their Heirs, Executors, Admini-ftrators, and Affgns, according to the Nature and Quality of the fame, re-fpeftiveiy, abfolutely, and for ever freed and difeharged of and from all and fingular the Ufes, Eftates in Tail, Remainders, Limitations, Trufts, Chaiges, Powers, Provifoes, and Declarations which in and by the faid feveral herein-before in Part recited Indentures andAffurances, and the faid Will of the faid Sir JohnWilliam de la Pole, or any of them, were limited, expreffed, and declared, of and concerning the fame Hereditaments and Premifes refpeftively, but upon and for the Trufts, Intents, and Purpofes herein-after exprefftd and declared of and concerning the fame; that is to fay, as to the feveral Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments comprifed in the Fuft Schedule to this prelent Aft, and the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances to the fame belonging, to the Ufe of the faid DamtAnnede la Pole and her Afiigns for her Life, and with and fubjeft to fuch and the fame Powers of leafing and of felling and exchanging, and fuch other Powers and Authorities, and fuch Exemptions and Privileges as previoufly to the paffmg of this Aft were under or by virtue of the faid Indentures of the Seventh and Eighth Davs of May Onethoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine annexed, relating or collateral to the Eftate for Life of her the faid Dame Anne de la Pole, under thofe Indentures, in the Hereditaments thereby fettled ; and from and after the Deceafe of the faid Dame Anne de la Pole to fuch of the Ufes, upon and for fuch of the Trufts, Intents, and Purpofes, and with, under, and fubjeft to fuch of the Powers, Provifoes, Agreements, and Declarations by the faid Will of the faid Sir John William de la Pole exprefied or contained, of and concerning the Manors and other Hereditaments thereby devifed as fhall then be fubfifting, undetermined, and : ri	S	capable

2311

48° GEORGII III. Cap.lit),

capable of taking Effeft ; and as to all thofe the Manors, Me flu ages,

Farms, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premifes, as well Freehold as Leafehold, comprifec! in the Second Schedule to this A£t, and the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, to and for the only proper Ufe and Benefit of the faid Reginald Pole Carew and Sir Charles Morice Pole, their Heirs, Executors, Adminiflrators, and Alfigns, according to the Nature and Qual ty of the fame Premifes refpe&ively, upon Truft that they the faid Reginald Pole'Carew and Sir Charles Morice Pole, and the Survivor of them, and the Eleirs, Executors, Adminiflrators, and Alfigns of fuch Survivor, do and (hall fell and difpofeof any Part or Parts of the faid Mcfl'uages, Hereditaments, and Premifes, and of the Fee Simple and abfolute Imercft of and in the fame refpe&ively, either altogether and in One Lot, or in Parcels, and either by Public Audtion or by Private Contradt, for fuch Price or Prices in Money as to them or him (hall feem reafonable ; and upon Payment of the Purchafe Money for the fame in the Manner herein-after mentioned, do and (hall convey, aflign, or otherwife effectually . flure the Meffuages, Hereditaments and Premifes comprifed in the faid Sale or Sales to the Purchaferor Purchafers thereof, and to his, her, and their Heirs.. Executors, Adminiflrators, and Affigns, according to the Nature and Quality of the fame refpectively, or to fuch other Perfon or Perfons, or in fuch other Manner as he or they (hall diredt or appoint, abfolutely and for ever freed and difcharged as hereinbefore is mentioned.

II. And be it further enadled, That the Purchafer or Purchafers of the Application of faid feveral Eflates hereby made faleable, or any Part of the fame, (hall pay his, her, or their Purchafe' Money or refpedtive Purchafe Monies in Manner herein-after mentioned; (that is to fay,) in the Firfl Place the faid Purchafer or Purchafers fhall pay his, her, or their Purchafe Money or Purchafe Monies in and towards Difcharge of the principal Sum or Sums of Money (if any) which fhall be due on the Eflates comprifed in his, her, or their Purchafe or refpedlive Purchafes, by way of Mortgage, and alfo of the Debts and Legacies, the Payment of which is intended lo be provided for under the faid Trufts, of the faid Term of Five hundred Years j and after Payment and Difcharge of all the faid Debts and Legacies, the faid Purchafer or Purchafers fhall pay his, her, or their Purchafe Money or refpedtive Purchafe Monies into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be there placed to his Account, ex parte the Purchafers of the Eflates of the late Sir JohnWiliiamde la Pole, purfuant to the Method prefcribed by the Adi of the Twelfth Year of King George the Firfl, Chapter Thirty-fecond, and the general Orders of the faid Court, and without Fee or Reward, according to the Act of the Twelfih Year of King George the Second, Chapter Twenty-fourth, and the Receipt or Receipts of any Cafhier of the Bank of England, for the faid Purchafe Monies hereby directed to be paid into the Bank of England; and the Certificate of the faid Accountant General, annexed to fuch laft-mentioned Receipt or Receipts, and filed in the Regifler Office of the faid Court of Chancery, fhall be an effectual Rdeafe and Difcha ge to the Perfon or Perfons paying the fame for the Money therein-mentioned and acknowledged to be received, and from being anfwerable for the Mifapplication, or liable or bound to fee to the Application of the fame.

HI. £nd

23ii	48' GEORGII III. Cap. tig.

nie-^aid 5to*	Jt	*urt^er	ena&ed>	That	the	Money arifing from the laid

the ourt of Sale or Sales, and to be paid into the Court of Chancery as herein before hr outTmieC 1S nientlone^' foal!» under the Direction of the faid Court of Chancery, the Directions uPon a Petition tube prelented to the faid Court by the faid Sir William of the Court. Templer de fo Pole during his Life, and after his Deceafe by the Perfon or Perfons who under the Will of the faid Sir John William de la Pole would, for the l ime being, be beneficially entitled in Pofielfion to the Freehold Hereditaments for an Eftate for Life, or an-Eftate of Inheritance, in cafe this ACt had not been made, if fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall be of full Age, but if fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall be under Age, by his, her, cr their Guardian or refpeCtive Guardians, during his, her, or their Minority or refpeCtive Minorities, be laid out or inverted in the Purch?fe or Purchafes of other Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of Inheritance to be fituate in England, and the Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments fo to bepurchafed, fhall immediately, upon or after the Purchafe of the fame, be under the like Direction of the faid Court of Chancery, conveyed, afiured, and fettled to fuch of the Ufes, upon and for fuch of the Trufts, Intents, and Purpofes, and with, under, and fubjeCt to fuch of the Powers, Provifoes, Limitations, and Declarations in and by the faid Will of the fa d Sir John William de la Pole ex-preffed and contained, of and concerning the Manors and other Hereditaments thereby devifed, as fhall then be fubfifting and capable of taking EffecT

IV.	And be it further enaCted, That in the mean Time, and until the Purchafe Money hereby direaed to be paid into the Bank of England fhall be inverted in the Purchafe of Meffuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in purfuance cf the Direaions herein-before contained, the fame fhall from Time to Time be laid out under the Direftion of the faid Court of Chancery in the Purchafe of Navy or Viaualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills, and the Intereft of the Money fo laid out in the faid Navy or Viaualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills, and the Money received for the fame as they refpeaively are paid off by Government, fhall be laid out in the Name of the faid Accountant General in the Purchafe of other Navy, Viaualling, or Exchequer Bills, and all the faid Navy, Viaualling, and Exchequer Bills fhall bedepofited in the Bank in the Name of the faid Accountant General, and fhall there remain until proper Pur-chafes being found for the Inveftment thereof, the fame fhall, under the Direaion or the faid Court of Chancery, be ordered by the faid Court of Chancery to be fold by the faid Accountant General for the completing fuch Purchafe or Purchafes •, and if the Money arifmg by the Sale of the Navy, Victualling, and Exchequer Bills, fhall exceed the Amount of the original Purchafe Money fo laid out as aforefaid, then and in fuch Cafe only the Surplus which fhall remain of the fame fhall be paid to the Perfon or Perfons refpeflively who at the Time when the Order for the Sale of the faid Bills fhall be made would for the Time being be-entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands directed to be purchafed therewith in cafe the fame were then actually purchafed and fettled in purfuance of the Trufts and Directions of this ACt, or to the Representative or Representatives of fuch Perfon or Perfons.

UntilPurchafe Money inverted, fame to be laid out in Navy, Victualling, or Exchequer Sills.

V. And

48uGEORGII HI.. Caf.ng.	=3*3

V.	And be it further enured, That it fliall be lawful for the Lid Court of Chancery, upon a Petition to'be presented by the Perfons, and ]:n^r<>v.c»:'io in th? Manner herein-before mentioned, iron) lime to "I in\e, to make UxC^a-. fueh Orders as the laid Court dial! think expedient, juft, or reafonabie, for allowing, t.xing, and fettling all Cods, Charges, and Expences which have beet: or fliall be incurred in obtaining and palling this Aft, and in making the feveral Applications to the faid Court in purluance thereof, and in making and completing the faid Sale or Sales of the Eftates hereby made faieable, or any Part thereof, or for or refpefling the Inveftment of any Part of the Monies which under this Act fliall be paid into the Bank of England, in the Pur chafe of Lands and -Hereditaments, according to the Direftions herein contained, or other-wile, in carrying into Execution the Trufts and Purpofes of this Act ; and alfo from Time to Time to make Orders for Paymert of all fuch Cofls, Charges, and Expences as aforefaid, out of the Monies which fliall arife from any of the faid Sale or Sales, and which fliall be l'o paid into the Bank as aforefaid, or out of the Monies arifing by the Sale of the Navy, Victualling, or Exchequer Bills to be pur* chafed as aforefaid.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That in the mean Time, and until fuch Sale or Sales as aforefaid fliall be made of the Eftates hereby made Callable, the faid Reginald Pole Carew and Sir Charles Morice ■Poky their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Afiigns, fliall permit the Rents and Profits of the Eftates l'o to be fold to be paid, and applied by the Perfons and in the Manner to and in which the Rents of the Eftates deviled by the faid Will of the faid Sir John William de la Pole would, if this prefent Aft had not been made, under the Trufts, Powers,

Injunctions, Provifoes, and Declarations therein exprefled and contained, be for the Time being payable or applicable.

VII.	And be it further ena£ted. That the Settlement hereby made settlement of the Eftates comprifed in the Second Part of the Firft Schedule

to this Act, from and after the Deceafe of the faid Dame Anne de la compliance Pole, fliall be, and the fame are hereby declared to be a full and com- w-th the complete Performance of the Condition or Direction exprefled and con- wljiVf'sir* tained in the faid Will of the faid Sir John William de la Pole, fo far John tic u as the fame relates to the Hereditaments mentioned in the Second Part Pulc* of the faid Firft Schedule, that the faid Sir William Templet de la Pole, or the Perfon or Perfons who by virtue-of -the fame Will (liould be entitled to the Hereditaments thereby deviled, fliould fettle the Eftates comprifed in the faid Indentures of the Seventh and Eighth Days of May One thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, to the fame Ufes, and upon the fame Trufts, and with, under, and fubjeft to the fame Powers, Provifoes, and Declarations, as were by his faid Will exprefled, of and concerning the Manors and other Hereditaments thereby devifed.

VIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted, That if the power to a?. faid Reginald Pole Carew, and Sir Charles Morice Pole, or either of point new them, or any Truftee or Truftees who fliall be appointed in the Stead AluluC5* oi them, or either of them, as herein-after is mentioned, or their or

[Loc. id Per.2	26 D	any

23H

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 119.

any of their Heirs, Executors, AdminiOrators, or Affgns, fhall die, or be defirous of being tiifcharged from the Trulls hereby created, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall be lawful for the faid Court of Chancery, upon a Petition, to be prefentrd in a fummary Way by the faid Sir William Tempter de la Pole duiing his Life, and after his Deceafe by the Per'on or Perfons fo for the Time being entitled, as herein-btfore is mentioned, if fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall be of full Age ; but if fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall be under Age, then by his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians during his, her, or their Minority or refpeftive Minorities, to appoint the Perfon or Perfons to be propofed in the faid Petition, or any Perfon or Perfons named by the Court, to be a Truftee or Truftees :n the Place of the Truftee or Truftees fo dying or defiring to be oifcharged ; and thereupon all the faid feveral Manors, Hereditaments, and Premifes comprifed in the Two feveral Schedules to this prefent Aft, or fuch of them as (hail from Time to Time remain veiled in the Truflee or Truftees fo dying or defiring to be difcharged, either folely or jointly, with the furviving or continuing Truftees or Truflee, or their or any of their Heirs, Executors, or Adminiftrators, fhall, with all convenient Speed, be conveyed and transfeired in fuch Sort and Manner as to become legally and effectually veiled in fuch new Truflee or Truftees, folely or jointly with the furviving or continuing Truflee or Truftees, as the Circumftances of the Cafe fhall require, upon the Trulls and for the Intents and Purpofes herein-before dec lared, of and concerning the lame refpeftively, or fuch of them as fhall be then fubfilting or capable of taking Effect; and that fuch new Truftee or Truftees fhall, to all Intents, Effefts, Conltruftions, and Purpofes whatfoever, have all the Powers and Authorities of the Truftee or Truftees in whofe Room he or they fhall be fubftituted.

indemnifying IX. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted. That none of the pre-t..c liuLces. j-ent or future Truftees afting in the Execution of this Aft fhall be an-fwerable or accountable for the other or others of them, or for involuntary Loffes ; and that by and out of any Money which fhall come to their or his Hands or Eland by virtue of any of the aforefaid Trulls, it fhall be lawful for them and him to retain to and reimburfe them-felves and himfelf refpeftively, all the Cofts, Charges, and Expences which they or he may refpeftively incur or fuftain in carrying the Trufls of the prefent Aft into Execution, and not herein particularly provided for.

General	X. Saving always to the King’s moll Excellent Majefty, His Heirs

fcav,n®* and Succeffors, and to all and every other Perfons and Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Succeffors, Executors. Adminiftrators, and Affigns, (other than and except the faid Dame Anne de la Pole, Sir William Templer de la Pole, Marianne de la Pcie> and the Sons and Daughters of the faid Sir William Templer de la Pole and Marianne de la Pole, and the Heirs Male of the refpeftive Bodies of fuch Sons and Daughters ; and the faid Reginald Pole Carew, Sir Charles Morice Polet Edward Pole, and the Sons of the faid Reginald Pale Carew, Sir Charles Morice Pole, and Edward Po!e} and the Heirs Male of the refpeftive Bodies of the fame Sons; and the Heirs of the Body of the faid Sir William Templer de la Pole, and the Heirs of the

Body

23I5

4.8s GEORGII III. Cap. 119.

Body of the faid Marianne de la Pole, and the right Heirs of the faid Sir John William de la Pole, and all and every other Perfon or Perfons having or claiming, or who Ihall or may have or claim any E(tate?

Right, Title, or Intereft of, in, or to the feveral Hereditaments and Premifes hereby veiled in the faid Reginald Pole Carew and Sir Charles Morice Pcle, and their Heirs, Executors, and Adminiitrators relpec-tively, or any of them, or any Part or Parcel thereof, under the faid feveral herein-before in Part recited Indentures, Deeds Poll, and other Afiurances, or under the faid Will of the faid Sir John William de la Pole, or any of them, other than and except the Creditors or other Perfons whofe Debts are provided for, or intended to be provided for, by the faid Indentures of the Twenty-feventh and Twenty-eighth Days of May One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight) all tne Eftate,

Right, Tide, Intereft, Poffibility, Property, Claim, or Demand whatsoever, which they or any of them had, held, or enjoyed, before the paffing of this Adt, or could or might have had, held, or enjoyed of, in, to, from, or out of the faid feveral Hereditaments and Premiles, in cafe this *\dt had not been made.

XI.	And be it further enadted, That this Act fhall be printed by the Act to be Printer to the King’s molt Excellent Majelty, and a Copy thereof fo printed lhall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Juf- te’.Vndtobc tices, and others.	admitted as

4&-GE0RGII III. Cap.119.

eji6

The FIRST SCHEDULE to which this A£I refers.

The FIRST PART of tile Firft Schedule, containing a Particular of the fettled

Eftates not intended to be fold.

Counties and	Names of Eftates.	Occupiers.	Number of Acres.	Yearly Rents.			
DEVON.				£ *		d.	
■Colyton and 1 Shute - 5	Colcombe and Longdowns	Philip Mathews	203	3°o	0	0	
Colyton	Sharphayne and Frekehayne	C John and William 1  \ Hawkins - S	I49	114	0	0	
	Great Downhayne -	Richard White	85	7°	0	0	
Colyton and \	Slade and Heathayne	J ohn VVarry -	17°	160	0	0	
	Mounthill and Courtfields -	James White	57	%	0	0	
Shute -m	Overlexhayne and Reedfham	Margaret Potter -	40	yo	0	o	
	Little Kilhayne	John Parlors §		20	0	0	
	Skinners, Haddons, and 1 Cleaves - - /	John Phippen	4+	54	0	0	
	Oxenleaze, Barrow Mead, 7 and Swallow Clofe -j	George Phippen -	34	70	0	0	
	Flower Cloi'e, and Little t Lodge - *J	James French	16	25	•	0	
			8x8	968	0	0	

W. Bondi Surveyor.

The SECOND PART of the Firft Schedule, containing a Particular of the devifed Eltates intended to be fettled in lieu of that Part of the fettled Eftates intended to be fold.

Counties and Panfhci.	Names of Eftates.	Occupiers.	Number < f	Yearly Rents.	Yearly Value.
DEVON.  Colyton	Greathoufe Farm, Kingf-") down, Storkers, and 5-	William Lane	l66	£ *• J-  240 O c	£ d. 280 O O
	Boltfnayne - -J Summerleaze	Thomas Dare	5°	130 O O	140 O O
	Cotlhayne	George Beed		4? 0 0	60 O O
	Colyford Tenement	John Anning	25	+s 0 0	JO O O
	Rawlins and N unford	Matthew Lsddon -	23  7		
	Staniflaus Clofe	John Edwards			1800
	Logics Tenement	Richard Oldridge -	5	14 0 0	J.L O O
	Colcombe Mills and Rag -	Ilaac Higgins	8	3d 0 0	36 O O
			356	55s 0 0	628 O O

W* Bond3 Surveyor.

48® GEORGII III. Cap. 119.

2317

The SECOND SCHEDULE to which this A£t refers.

The FIRST PART of the Second Schedule, containing a Particular of that Part of the fettled Eftates intended to be fold.

IV. Bondt Surveyor.

The SECOND PART of the Second Schedule, containing a Particular of the devifed f Rates intended to be fold.

Counties and Parilhes.	Names of Efiates.	Occupiers.	Number of Acres.	Yearly Rents.	
DEVON.  Sidbury	The Manor or Lord (hip of-\ Stone, with fundry Quit ( Rents, payable out of j Freehold Eftates - -)	-	- - -	£	d.  8
	Cattle Tenement	Sarah Mayne	47	60 0	0
	The Reverfionin FeeofPart^ of Sincombe, after the ( . Death of Ann Perry j Serle, aged 67 Years - J	James Serle	35	__	-
	Maynards, Haydons, and \ Sincombe Meadow - J	William Dowell		49 0	0
	Halftaves *	William Gale	.0	13 1°	0
	Rag Orchard	William Daniell -	j	4 0	0
	Ham and High Street	John Bilhop	4	,0	0

1	I

[Loc. & Ptr-2	26	E

2318

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 119,

The Second Schedule—(continued.)

				
Counties and Pan dies.	Names of Eftates.	Orcupiers.	Number of Acnrs.	Yearly Rents.
DEVON.				£ J.
Sidbury	Reverfion in Fee of Weft's,"I after the Death of Hannah f	George Farthing -	n	-
	Weft, aged 40 Years - J			
	Reverfion in Fee of Far-^ thing’s, after the Death of ( George Farthing, aged 63 j Years - - J	George Farthing -	18	- - -
Sidmouth	Kcyparks	Edward Canniford	H	10 .0 0
Mufbury	Little Trull	John Holkins	59	8j 0 0
DORSET. Broadwinfor -	The Manor or Lordfhip 'j and Liberty of Broad- | winfor, with Courts Leet, 1 Courts Baron, Wafts v Lands, Rights, Royalties, f and Chief Rents payable |			
	within the Manor - J			
	Paull’a Tenement	Edward Neal	62	63 O O
	Colcombe	Benjamin Studley -	28	19 O O
	Mantle's Tenement	f Daniel Ewens and ~l I JobnJohhfon j	24	45 ° 0
	England’s Meadows	John Damen	24	36 0 0
	The Reverfion in Fee oK Netherhay, after the Death I of Mary Lowman, aged j 69 Years - - -J		34	—
	The Reverfion in Fee of Bar-") nardfhays, after the Deaths | of Betty Daniel, aged 1 Thirty-two Years, and f Robert Bryant Jones, j aged Twenty-eight Years J		»	—
^ ■	The Reverfion in Fee oK Kagge'ts, after the Death I of John Ewens, aged 40 f Years - -J			—
	The Reverfion in Fee of^ Common Clofes, after the j Deaths of Thos. Perham, ! aged Se\enty-two Years, j and Betty Spear, aged Sixty live Years - - J		2l|	—

4-8’ GEORGII III. Cap. 119.	2319

The Second Schedule—continued.

Counties and Parilbes.	Names of Edates.	Occupiers.	Number of Acres.	Yearly Rents.
DORSET. Broadwinfor -	The Reverfion in Fee of"\ fundry Cottages held for 1 Lives by Wm Davis, Sam1 1 Rendle, Wm Hore, Sam1 1 Chick, James Hawker, \ John Perkins, Abraham [ Miller, John Guppy, I Sami Hitchcock, aiid 1 John Marih - - J	- * -	3	£ *. J.
	And all other Lands and Hereditaments within the Pa-rifh of Broadwinfor, which were the Efbte and Inheritance of Sir John Wil liam de la Pole, Bart, de-ceafed.			
Symondfbury -	Atram	Robert Hufley •	40	75 0 0
	Broad Oak •	Charles Chick	18	19 O O
Whicecliurch 7 Canonicorum J	Great Pitt	Robert Fooks	34	31 IO O
DEVON.	The Manor of AUerpeverell,") with fundry Quit Rents, | payable out of Freehold i Eftates, and' all Wafte f Lands and Rights apper-j taining thereto - j	- - -	- - -	3 15 0
	Mutterton Moor and Lango ford Heathfield, within \ the faid Manor - - j	-	200	—
Newton Ab-*\  bott, in the 1  Parifli of j Woolborough J	The Reverfion in Fee of the") Sun Inn, with a Plot of j Ground adjoining, after f the Death of Shep- | herd, aged Forty Years - J	- • •	•*	—

W. Bond, Surveyor.

2320

4SU GEORGII III. Cap.iu)

The THIRD SCHEDULE to which this A<3 refers.

NAMES OF MORTGAGEES AND LEGATEES.

Nathauiel Bifhop	-	-	.

Lord Graves	-	-

John Dickinfon

Reprefentatives of Jofhua Harcombe, deceafed

Francis Putt -

Ethelred Try on	-	-

William Beed	-

Reprefentatives of Robert Warry, deceafed

Legatees ;

Dame Anne de la Pole Marianne de la Pule	-

George Warry	-

Elizabeth Warry	-

John Ttmpler -

George Templer *» -	-	"	-

Richard Hotherfall Hallett Charles Buckland -Richard Mal!ock

32,800 o o

y. Bawden.

48°GEORGII ILL Cap. 119,

2321

The FOURTH SCHEDULE to which this Adi refers.

Containing Particulars of the Bond and Simple Contrad Debts of Sir John William* De la Pole, Baronet, deceafed, remaining unpaid j and an Account of the unapplied Refidue of his Perfonal Eftate.

NAMES OF CREDITORS.

Sums



John Templer	■

John Scobell

----Coombes

Samuel Snook

Ogden and Company

Gibfon and Company

Hawkes and Company

Executors of Leader, deceafed

Executors of Thomas Bull, deceafed

Gauntlett and Company

Sir Bourchier Wrey, Baronet John Gill

George Templer

—	--- Farrell

Sarah Weft -----Sartorius

—— Longman and Co.

John Bawden1

—	Sollars

-----Pemain

Henry Delhauty Charles Gaunnes

—	-----Shew •

------- Hoare

■■----- Garden and Stratton

------- Ruffell

—	■ ■	Bonner

------- Saunders

John Head

Intereft on Debts paid, about

£	
1,900	0
900	0
8co	0
400	0
230	0
	0
5°	0
	0
40	0
120	0
70	0
20	0
200	0
275	0
100	
100	0
40	0
35	0
	0
	0
37	0
48	0
H	0
84	0
9	*4
2+	
H7	6
13	9
10	7
7	
26	8
200	0

6,312 6

C. ‘Templer.

\Loc.tS Per.]	16	F

The

2322

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 119.

Ths Fcurth Schedule—(continued).

An ACCOUNT of the unapplied Refidue of the Perfonal Eftate of Sir John William De la Pole, Baronet, deceafcd.

the Ifiand of Saint \

Due on Mortgage of an Eftate i Chriftopher, in the Weft Indies

Due from Sir William Templer de la Pole, Baronet, for' the Purchafe Money of Houfekold Goodfe and Furniture at Shute Houfe

Due from Sir William Templer de la Pole, Baronet.'v for Sums advanced to him out of the Perfor.ai Ef- I tate of Sir John William de la Pole, Baronet, de- f coafed *	»	»

3



1,667 1 11

G. Templer.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahai:, Printers to the King’s moft Excellent Majelty. rSoS,



ANNO QJJADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. i zo.

An Aft to enable the Truftees of the Will of Thomas Peter Legh Efquire, deceafed, to grant Building and Repairing Leafes of certain Eftates in the Pa-rifh of Warrington, and in the Townfhip of Bleak-ley near Manchester, in the County of Lancajier, and to accept Surrenders, and for appointing ot new Truftees, and for other Purpofes.

[i 8th June 1808.]

WHEREAS Thomas Peter Legh, late of Lyme in the County of Chejier, Efq <ire, deceafed, was at the Date and Publication of his hit Will and Teftament herein-after recited, and at his Death feifed to him and his Heirs in Fee Simple of divers Mefluages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the Town and Parifh of iVar-ringjon in the County of Lancajier, and in the Townfhip of Bleakley near Manchefler, in the faid County of Lancajier, and by his lad Will and Teltament in Writing duly executed and attefted for the Devife of Lands of Inheritance, and bearing Date on or about the Twenty-fixth Day of April One thoufand feven hun.'red and ninety-feven, ordered and directed all his juft Debts, Funeral Exoences, and the Charge of the Probate to be paid, and with the Payment thereof he charged and made chargeable his Real as well as Perfonal Efta:e; and the faid Teftator gave, devifed, and bequeathed unto his Mother Elizabeth Charlotte Legh (fince deceafed) the Manfion-houfe of Goiborne Park, with all the Lands held therewith, together with the Furnitu e, Plate, and Linen, and all the Stock of Cattle and Horfcs that fhould be upon the Eftate at the Time of the faid Teftator’s Death, together with One Annuity of One thoufand Pounds \Loc» & P(r.~\	26	G	during

Wiikf n 0-* mas Peter Legh,E quire* daied »6tli April 1797.

48°GEORGII HI. Cap. 120.

during her Life; and fubjefl: thereto the faid Teftator gave and devifed unto Richard Croffc Efquire (who hath fmce aflumed and taken the Surname of L(gh by virtue of the Royal Sign Manual) and the Reverend George Heron, all and every his Manors, Mefl'uages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatfoever and wherefoever, ujion Trull that they or their Heirs (hould raife by Mortgage the feveral Sums in his (aid Will and herein-after mentioned, that is to fay, the Sum of Ten thoufand Pounds for the Teftator’s natural Son William, and the Sum of Five thoufand Pounds for each of his natural Daughters therein and herein-after named, when they (hould feverally attain their refpe&ive Ages of Twenty-one Years or marry; but the faid Teflator diie&ed that if they (hould die under Age and unmarried, the Legacy (hould fink into and become Part of the Refidue of,his Eftate; and he ordered and directed that the faid feveral Sums (hould carry Intereft, and that his faid Truftees (hould apply fo much of the Intereft as they (hould think proper towards the Education a^d bringing up of his faid Children rdpecf ively; and he gave and devifed ro Mary Allen the Boufe (he then lived in (being a Houfe fituate in Golhorne in the faid County of Lancajler') with all the Furniture and Lar d (lie then held, and the Cottages which the faid Teftator purchafed from John Taylor (being Cottages fituate in Golhorne aforefaid) during her natural Life, and alio an Annuity of Fifty Pounds Half-yearly ; and he gave and bequeathed unto each of his Servants a Year’s Wages (being Legacies which have been difeharged); and ordered and directed his (aid Truftees and their Heirs to apply the Rents and Profits of all his faid Eftatesfor the Payment of his Debts and Legacies, until his natutal Son' Thomas Lcgh (hould attain his Age of Twenty-one Years, and when he fhould have attained his faid Age the Teftator gave, devifed, and bequeathed unto his faid Son Thomas and his Aftigns, all his Real Eftate whatfoever, to hold the fame unto his faid Son Thomas and his Aftigns during the Term of his natural Life, and from and after the Determination of that Eftate by Forfeiture or otherwife, he gave, devifed, and bequeathed the fame unto the faid Richard Legh and George Heron and their Heirs during the Life of his faid Son Thomas, upon Truft to pre-ferve the contingent Ufes and Eftates therein-after limited from being defeated or deftroyed, and for that Purpofe to make Entries and bring Actions as Occafion fhould require, but neverthelefs to permit his faid Son dbomas and his Aftigns to hold and enjoy the fame during the Term of his natural Life; and from and after his Deceafe the faid Teftator gave, devifed, and bequeathed the fame unto the Firft Son of the Body of his faid Son Thomas and the Heirs Male of fuch Firft Son lawfully iffuing, and in Default of fuch Iflue to the Second, Third, Fourth, and every other Son and Sons of his Son Thomas, and the Heirs Male of their refpe&ive Bodies, the eldeft of fuch Sons and the Heirs Male of his Body being always to be preferred, and take before the younger of fuch Sons and the Heirs Male of his Body; and in Default of fuch Iflue he gave, dsevifed, and bequeathed, all his faid Real Eftates unto his natural Son William, in the fame Manner as he had fettled the fame upon his Son Thomas ; and in Default of fuch Iflue he pave and devilbd the fame unto his Sifter Martha Anne Ormerod> therein called Miftrefs Ormerod, and her Aftigns during her natural Life, and after her Dcceafe he gave and devifed the fame unto her Daughter Charlotte Anne Ormerod, therein called Charlotte Ormerod, and her Aftigns, in the fame Manner as he had fettled the fame upon his Sons Thomas and William; and in Default of fuch

Iflue

2327

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 12o.

Hue be gave and devlfed the fame unto each of his natural Daughters fuccefiively according t - their Seniority, in like Manner as he had before fettled it; and in Default of fuch IiTue he gave and deviled the fame unto his Coul'rn George Anthony Legh Keck, in like Manner as he had before limited it to his laid Sons; and in Default of fuch Iflmi he gave and deviled the fame unto his own right Heirs; and he directed that his faid Sons nvght, as they lhould refpeftively fucceed to thd Inheritance of his faid Effaces, charge the fame with any Sum of Money not exceeding Twenty thoufand Pounds for the Portions of Daughters or younger Sons, and with anv J inture not exceeding One thoufand Pounds per Annum; and the faid Teftator di e£ted that the Savings of his Eftates lhould accumulate (alter the neceffary Expences of fupporting his Manfion-houfes and his Debts and Legacies were paid) and go to the Perfon who lhould fucceed to his find Eftates, and appointed the faid Richard Legb and George Heron Executors: And wrhereas the faid Tellator departed this Life pe*rb' on or ..bout the Seventh Day of Auguji One thoufand feven hundred and u u a or* ninety-feven, w thout having altered or revoked his faid herein-before in Part recited lad Will and Teftament, leaving the faid Martha Anne Or-merod his Sifter and Heir at Law : And whereas the faid Teftator Thomas Peter Legh left his laid natural Sons Thomas Legh and William Legb, and his Four na ural Daughters in his faid Will named, and afterwards called Maria Legh, Emma Legh, Mary Legh and Margaret Legh, his faid . 'ons and Daughters having feverallv afiumed and taken the Surname of Legh under and by virtue of the Royal Sign Manual: And whereas under and order of the by virtue of an Order of the H>gh Court of Chancery, made and pro- C urtofChan-nounced on or about the Nineteenth Day of December One thoufand '“JJ Decern -eight hundred, in a Caufe depending in the faid Court, wherein the faid ber >xco,ap-RichardLegh and George Heron were Complainants, and the laid Martha f^^nfnsoF Anne Qrmerod, Elizabeth Charlotte Legh, Thomas Legh, and others, were the infants. Defendants, it was ordered that the fai<i Richard Legh and George Heron lhould be appointed Guardians of the faid Thomas Legh, William Legh,

Maria Legh Emma Legh, Mary Legh, and Margaret Legh, during their relpective Minorities ; and all of them except the faid Maria Legh are yet Infants: And whereas the faid MariaLegh hath intermarried with and is now the Wife of Thomas Claughton Efquire, but there is not any Hue of their Marriage now living : And whereas the faid Charlotte Anne Ormerod hath departed this Lite, having firft intermarried with John Hargreaves Efquire, by whom Ihe hath left Hue One Son only named John, of the Age of Four Years or thereabouts, and the faid John Hargreaves is the natural Guardian of his faid Son ; and the laid George Anthony Legh Keck hath no Hue :

And whereas the Towns of Warrington and manchejler have of late Years The Towns of very greatly increafed in Trade and Number of Inhabitants, and in confc- w,n inPton quence thereof an Increnfe of Buildings is much wanted in the faid Towns and in the Neighbourhood thereof refpeftively, and the Lands and Premiles late of the faid Thomas Peter Legh, lituare within the f.-.id PariHi of Warrington, and in Bleakley, near Manchejler aforefaid, are for the moll Part from their Situation very proper and convenient to be built upon:

And whereas divers Patts of the faid Lands and Premifes late of the faid Tefbt&r>. Thomas Peter Legh, within the faid Parilh of Warrington and in Bleakley, Eir^for-near Manchejler aforefaid, have been formerly granted out upon Leafes for ,neily Krant£d One, Two, or Three Lives, or for Years determinable upon the Death of Lcafffor One, Two, or Three Perfon or Perfons, and many of the laid Leafes are yet Live;* in Exiftence, but the fcveral Perfons for whofe Lives the fame are holden

or

2328

Applica'iOns

made for the R-M-vvat of iuch Lcafes.

No Power of

appointing

newTiultees.

granting

Builifiaz Leaf-0 beneficial to the Pei fans inerdteri.

48" GEORGII III. Cap. 120.

or on whole Deaths the faidLeafes are determinable are confiderably ad«-vanced in Yta s, or the laid Leafes in fome Inftances depend only upon One 01 Two Lives, and thefeveral Perfons entitled to the beneficial In ter eft in fuch Leafes are deterred froni ereding any Bail ings or making other Improvements upon the Lands and Premifes fo holden, although the fame are moft: conveniently adapted from their Situation in and near to the faid downs of IVatrington and Manchcjler, for fuch Improvements, and the Houles and Buildings thrrern are for the moft Part very ruinous 2nd decayed, and require to be taken down and rebuilt or otherwife fubftantially repaired : And whereas many of the Leffees of the faid Lands and Premiles are anxious and have made frequent Applications for the Renewal of fuch Leafes, and the prefent Rental of the faid Lands and Premifes might be much increafed and the Property itfelf greatly improved and augmented in value in cafe fuch Leafes could be renewed: And whereas no Power of appointing new Trultees is contained in the faid recited Will, and it will be convenient and for the Benefit of all Perfons interefted in the faid devifed Eftates that the want of that Power fhould be fupplied : And whereas the making of Leafes of Lands for building upon within the faid Purifh of IVarrington and in Bleakley near Manchcjler aforefaid, upon a certain Rent to be referved in fuch Leafes, would tend greatly to the Benefit and Improvement of the Lands and Eftates late of the faid Thomas Peter Legh, and to the Advantage of all Perfons interefted in the fame Eftates; and theRenewal of the fubfifting Leafes or the AcceptanceofSur-rendersof the prelent Leafes for thePurpofe of granting new Leafes thereof, upon the Terms of having newHoufes and Buildings ereCted on the demifed Premifes or the old Houfes and Buildings fubftantially repaired, would alfo be greatly for the Benefit of the Perfons interefted in the fame Lands *, and the faid Richard Legh and George Heron, and alfo the faid Martha Shine Ormerod, John Hargreaves the Father as fuch Guardian, Thomas Claughtm and Maria his Wife and George Anthony Legh Keck, are defi-rous that fuch Leafes for Lives fhould be renewed and fuch other Leafes made as aforefaid, and that there fhould be a Power to appoint new Trustees ; but forafmuch as the fame cannor be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament, Your Majefty’s moft dutiful and Loyal Subjects, the faid Richard Legh and George Heron, on Behalf of the Infant Children of the faid Thomas Peter Legh-, Martha Anne Ormerod and John Hargreaves the Father (on Behalf of his Infant Son) Thomas Claughton, and Maria his Wife, and George Anthony Legh Keck, do moft humbly be-feech Your Majefty that it may be enaCted ; and be it enadted by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this ACt, it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Richard Legh and George Heron and the Survivor of them, his Executors or Adminiftrators, from Time to Time and at all Times, with the Confent and Approbation of the Perfon or Perfons who for the Time being and from Time to Time (hall be in the Pofleffion of or entitled to the Rents of the Houfes, Buildings, or Lands to be granted, demifed, or leafed as hereinafter mentioned, from Time to Time purfuant to the Powers hereinafter contained, in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons refpe&ively fhall be of the Age of Twenty-one Years, and if under that Age then during the Minority of fuch Perfon or Perfons refpe&ively, with the Content of his, her, or their

Guardian

2329

48° GEORGll HI. Cap. 120.

Guardian or Guardians for the Time being, whether fuch Guardian or Guardians {hall be a Guardian or Guardians appointed by the High Court of Chancery, by Will, by Socage or by Nature (fuch Guardians to be preferred in the Order in which they are named) by Indenture or Indentures to be fealed and delivered by the faid Richard Legh and George Heron, or the Survivor of them, his Executors or Administrators, and with fuch Confent as aforefaid, to demife and leafe all or any Part of the faid Lands and Premifes fituate and being within the faid Parifh of Warrington and in Bleaklcy near Manchejier aforefaid, and mentioned in the Schedule to this Aft, unto fuch Perfon or Perfons as is, are or fhall be willing to build upon, lebuild, or fubflantially repair and improve the fame, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Ninety-nine Years, abfolutely or determinable on the Death of any One,Two, or Three Perfon or PeTons, with Liberty for the Leffee or Leffees, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Ad-miniftrarors, or Affigns, to takedown all or any Part or Parts of the Buildings, if any handing upon the Premifes in fuch Leafe or Leafes, to be refpeftively comprifed, and to convert and difpofe of the Materials thereof to fuch Ufes and Purpofes as fhall be in fuch Leafes refpeftively mentioned, and alfo to lay out and appropriate any Part of the Premifes comprifed in fuch Leafe or Leafes as and lor a Garden or Gardens, Way or Ways. Paffage or Paffages for the Ufe and Convenience of fuch Leffee or Leffees and other the Tenants and Occupiers of the faid Premifes, in fuck Manner as in the faid Leafe or Leafes fhall be alfo mentioned and agreed upon; fo as every fuch Leafe fhall be made of the faid Premifes in order that the fame or fome Part thereof may be, or in Conlideration that the fame or fome Part thereof hath in purfuance of fome Agreement for that Purpofe been built upon, rebuilt or otherwifelubltai.tially repaired and improved ; and fo as in every fuch Leafe there fhall be referved and made payable Half-yearly or ofteaer during the Continuance thereof to the faid Richard Legh and George Heron, their Heirs or AiTigns, or the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being b neficially entitled to the Rent of the faid de-vifed Eflates to be comprifed in fuch Leafe or Leafes refpeftively, the belt and mod improved Yearly Rent and Rents, noc iefs than at the Rate of One Penny a Year, fur every fquare Yard of Ground comprifed in fuch Leafe or Leafes refpeftively, that at the Time of contrafting for fuch Leafe or Leafes refpeftively can be reafonably had or gotten lor the fame Premifes refpeftively, without taking any Sum or Sums of Money or other Thing by way of hine, Income, or Foregifc for or in refpeft of fuch Leafe or Lqafe* refpeftively ; and fo as in every fuch Leafe there (hull be contained a Claufe of Re-entry for Nonpayment of the Rent or Rents to be thereby referved; and fo as the Perfon or Perfons refpeftively to whom fuch Leafe or Leafes fhalibemade {hall feal and execute a Counterpart or Counterparts of the Indenture or Iindentures of fuch Leafe or Leafes, and enter into Co*K-n;‘ii!s to build and keep in Repair the Meffuages, Erections, and Buildings intended and agreed to be erefted and built upon the Premifes, ar.d alfo in a firm and fubitantial Manner to rebuild and repair the Mef-fuages and Buildings now built and agreed, or intended to be only rebuilt and repaired, and from Time to Time when there fhall beOccafion to take down and rebuild the Lme, and fhall enter into fuch other Covenants, Claules. Conditions,Stipulations, Provifoe%and Agreements, as by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Leafes fhall be deemed reafonable and proper for the Improvement and Supportpf the faid Eitate of the f t id TePutor to * \Loc ft? Per,]	26	H	be

233°

to accept Surrender of Leales fo: -m Purpo.V matin,; new Leafes.

Rent during tlie Continuance of the Leafe furren-dered.

Eipences of the Act.

Application of the Rents referved

Power to ap-Trultec*.

48s GEORG II III. Cap. 120.

be comprifed in fuch Leafe or Leafes refpedively and intended to be bui’t on or improved as aforefaid.

XI.	And it is hereby further enacted, by the Authority aforefaid. That it thali and may be lawful to and for the faid Richard Legh and George Heron and the Survivor of them, his Executors or Adminiftrators, with fuch Confent as aforefaid, to accept and receive the Surrender or Surrenders of any Leafe or Leafes already granted or to be granted of all or any of the faid Lands and I'remifes iituate and being within the faid Parilh of Warrington and in Rleakley near Manchejler aforeiaid, on which any Life or Lives, or other Term or 1 erms is, are, or Hull be in being, for the Purpol’e of making a new Leafe or Leafes by virtue of the Power contained in this Ad: Provided always, and notwithfbnding any Thing hereinbefore contained, the Leafe or Leafes to be made in Cor fideration of any fuch Surrender or Surrenders of all or any Part of the Hereditaments to be comprifed in any fuch Surrender (hall be good, noiwith-flanding the Rent or Rents to be referved by fuch new Leafe or Leafes (hall during the Life or Lives or other Time or l imes for which the Leafe or Leafes to be fo furrendered was or were to have had Continuance be lefs titan at and after the Rate of One Penny per Square Yard ; fo neverthelefs as the Rent to be referved in fuch new Leafe or Leafes, ihall for fuch Period be equal to or greater than the Rent or Rents refpec-tively referved by the Leafe or Leafes to be fo furrendered.

III.	And it is hereby further ena&ed and declared by the Authority aforefaid. That the Cofts, Charges, and Expences which fliall or may be incurred by reafon or on account of applying for obtaining and paiiing this Acl, or in anywife incident or relating thereto, ihall be paid and dif-charged by and out of the Rents and Profits of the Real Eftates late ot the faid Thomas Peter Legh, as Part of the Debts for the Payment of wh.ch Provifion is made by the faid Will.

IV.	And be it further ensiled. That the Rents to be referved upon all the Leafes to be made in purfuance of this Ait, ihall be for the Benefit of the Perfon or Perfons refpedively to whom the faid Premifes in fuch Leafe or Leafes to be comprifed, or the Rents and Profits thereof, would belong by or under the Limitations in the faid Will contained, according to the refpedive Eftates, Interefts, Ufes and Trufts therein ex-prclfed.and in fuch Courfe, Order, and Manner as the Rents and Profits of the faid Premifes fiiould or would by virtue of or under the Limitations of the faid Will have gone and been received if fuch Leafe or Leafes had not been made; fubjed neverthelefs to the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of the faid Teftator, as far as the lame are charged or chargeable on the faid deviled Eftates under or by virtue of his faid Will and remain UDpaid.

V.	And be it further ena&cd. That if the faid Richard Legh and George Heron or either of them fliall happen to die, or be defirous to be difebarged from or become incapable to ad in the Trufts, Powers, and Authorities iiereby and by the faid Will in him and them repofed or veiled, at any Time before the fame Trufts, Powers, and Authorities fliall have been fully performed and executed, then and in either of the faid Cafes, and when and as often as the fame fliall happen, it ihall and may

2	be

48” GEORG 11 III. Cap. 320.

be lawful to and for the High Court of Chancery upon a Petition to be preferred by the faid Thomas Legh during his Life, arid after his Deceafe by the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid deviled Eflate9, if of Age, or if fuch Perfon or Perfons lhall be an Infant or Infants, then by his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, in a fummary Way to appoint any other Perfon or Perfons to be a Truftee or Truftees for the Purpefes of the faid Will and ol this Act in the Place and Stead of the faid Richard Legh and George Heron, or fuch of them as lhall die or be defirous to be difeharged from or become incapable to ad in the aforefaid Trulls, Powers, and Authorities, and fo from Time to Time as often as there lhall be Occafion upon the like Petition to appoint any other Perfon or Perfons to be a Truftee or Truftees in Manner and for the Purpofes aforefaid in the Place and Stead of the prefent or any fucceeding or other Truftee or Truftees who lhall fo die or be defirous to be difeharged from or become incapable to ad in the aforefaid Trufts, Powers, and Authorities; and that when and as often as any fuch new Truftee or Truftees lhall be appointed as aforelaid, all and fingular the faid Meffuages, Tenements, Lands, and Hereditaments by the fame Will veiled in the faid Richard Legh and George Heron, fhall thereupon with all convenient Speed be conveyed and aflfured fo and in fuch Sort, Manner, and Form that the fame fhall be legally and effedually veiled in the furviving or continuing former Truftee or Truftees, and fuch new Truftee or Truftees, or wholly in fuch new Truftees, as the cafe may require, and their Heirs, upon the Trufts and for the Intents and Purpofes, and with, under, and fubje£l to the Powers and Authorities contained in the faid Will and in this Aft; and that fuch Truftees for the Time being and the Survivor of them and his Heirs, fhall have and may exercife all and every the Powers and Authorities hereinbefore contained and given to the faid Richard Legh and George Heron and the Survivor of them, his Executors and Adminiftrators, any Thing herein-before or in the faid Will of the faid Thomas Peter Legh contained to the contrary in anywife notwithllanding.

VI.	And be it further cnafted by the Authority aforefaid. That it fhall be lawful for the High Court of Chancery from Time to Time to make fuch Orders as the faid Court fhall think expedient, juft, or reafon-able, for allowing, taxing, and fettling all Colts, Charges and Expences, which have been or lhall be incurred in obtaining and palling this Act and otherwife relating thereto.

VII.	Saving always to the King's moll Excellent Majefty, His Heirs and Succelfors, and all and every other Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her, or their refpeftive Heirs, Succelfors, Executors, Ailminiftrato-s, and Affigns (other than and except the faid Richard Legh and George Heron and their Heirs, Thomas Legh and William Legh refpeftively and their Sons, and the Heirs of the Bodies of them the faid Thomas Legh and William Legh, and the fame Sons reipec-tivelv, Martha Anne Ormerod and her Heirs, John Hargreaves the younger, and the Hrirs of his Body. Thomas Claughton and Maria his Wife, Emma Legh, Mary Legh, and Margaret Legh and their refpeftive Sons, the Heirs of the Bodies of the faid Maria Claughton, Margaret Leght Emma Legh, and Mary Legh refpeftively, and of their Sons, George Anthony Legh Keck, and his Sbns, and the Heirs of the Bodies of the

faid

ns*

Chancery to rax the Celt* of the Ait.

Sav-i.g.

2332

Aft to he Evidence.

48" G E 0 R G11 III. Cap. 120.

faid George Anthony Legh Keck, and of the fame Sons, and other the Perfon or Perfons (if any) entitled to or claiming or to claim any Eilate or Ir.tercfl; by virtue of or under the faid Will of the faid Thomas Peter Legh deceafed) all fuch Eflate, Right, Title, Intereft, Claim, and Demand whatfoever at Law or in Equity, of, in, to or out of the faid Lands and Premifes within the faid Parifh of Warrington and in Bleakley near Man-chejier aforefaid, and comprifed in the Schedule to this AG or any Part thereof, as they, every or any of them had before the palling of this AG, or could or might or ought to have had and enjoyed in cafe this AG had not been made.

VIII.	And be it further enafled, That this AG fhall be printed by the Printer to the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, and a Copy thereof fo printed fhall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Jufhces, and others.

The

2333

4S°GEORGII III. Cup. 120. The SCHEDULE referred to.

IN THE TOWN AND PARISH OF WARRINGTON.

Divers Meffuages, Buildings, Lands, and Hereditaments, noiv or late in the PofTef* lion of the feveral Perfons herein-after mentioned, or of their Under-tenants, containing of Cuftomary Meafure the feveral Quantities of Land or thereabouts (be the fame more or lefs) and let at the feveral Rents fet forth in the. Columtjs here-unto annexed.

TENANTS.

Alhton, John

------- Richard

Ackers, Edward Ainfworth, George Do.	_

Do.

Anderton, Thomas Atherton, Jonathan Do.

Arrowfmith, William Bate, Ralph Do.

Birch, William -Birtles, William Heirs Boyer, John Bibby, William Elackburne, John, Efq.

Do.

Do.

Boficow, Jofeph Smith, William

A Plot of Land and Buildings, ■ with the Appurtenances behind Trinity Chapel Henry Goodier Bludwick, John Bent, Ellis Heirs Do.

Do.

Do.

Cheadle, Ann

Dean, Mifs Dutton, Peter, Efq.

Fitchett, James

■—---------Thomas

•------------ Do.

Goodier, Henry Gilbody, Jofepli Hughes, William Harrifon, Samuel Hatton, James -	„

Helketh, Mr. William [Loc. fc? Per.]



Molynex’s

Part of Barton’s

Barron’s

Three Crowns

Part of Stanton’s, a Cottage

Part of Faulkner's

Blue Bell

Part of Stanton’s

Troopers Acre

Milieu’s

Mrs. A. Legh's

TidmufPs

Sankey-ftreet

Ridings

Boyer’s

Rofe and Crown Befwick’s Coney Corner Unfworth’s

Part of Faulkner’s -Late Henry Goodier’s

Lately ufed as a School

Late Mr. ICerfoot’s Bent’s

Ardeme’s Mrs. A. Legh’s

Market Gate Part of Faulkner’s Clam brook Part of Stanton’s

f Profit Lane Fields 1 Part of Stanton's Part of Faulkner’s Tollett’s Meadow Wood’s

Three-nook’d Field Part of Hdkcth’s

2 6 /

RENTS.	MS.SUXE.
£ u d.	A p p
o 5°	O O l6
O4O	o 0 8i
0l5 0	
73 10 0	O I 20
600	—
990	O I 27^
1 2 0	» 3 34
A5 0 0	0 0 34
12 12 0	1 1 31
	0 0 16
ir> 16 0	4 3 20
060	0 2 16
.0 12 8	
0 10 6	0 0 i2
086	0 3 29
0 7 0	0 0 13X
0 15 0	6 2 2?i
090	
046	4 2 !4t
11-00	0 I 33
	0 3 33
ai 0 0	3 2 2
	
0 4 0	1 1 33
O 7 2	
O 36	O O 2i
1 15 0	
	C Six hundred &
O 10 0	< fifty fqiiare
	t Yards.
40 O O	o- 0 1
3 10 0	0 I igi
030	2 2 18
£ 0 0	A Warehoufe.
1 10 0	A Cottage.
6jj 3 0	3 a 6
$ 0 0	0 3 28
0 2 6 *5 0 0	1 2 i9'
080	4 0 35

Hodgkinfon

2334-	42°GEORGII	III.	Cap.	12c,

SCHEDULE-^,- mud.

TENANTS.	NAME OF* ESTATE.	RENTS.	MEASURE*
Hodgkinfon, Mary	Houfe, Part of Molynex’s	£. d.	
Do.	Two Fields of Do.		2 3 19
Johnfon, John	Cook’s .		007
Kay, Elizabeth -			f Seven hundred < and four
Lyon, Thomas, Efq.	Watkins	o 18 8	£ fquare Yards.
Do.	Clayton - (.		>5 3
Do.	Crolden Horl'e-fhoe		*08
Do.	Warehoufe	850	6 0 l6|
Do.	Road to Cooper’s «	0 a 6	000
Do.		0 13 0	
Leigh, Thomas	Jolley and Locker’s		
Litton, John	Mrs. A. Legh’s		
Mather, Richard	Batterfby Field		
Claughton, Thomas, Efq.	Late Crofsley’s TidmufT's	113 0 0	6 0 ,9|
		060	O j 28
Newtons, Reverend	Corn Market	0. in 0	
Kenedy, Jbfiah	Late Nicklon’s	35 O O	° ° 4*
Orford, Dr.	Houfe, Sankey llreet		
Claughton, Thomas, Efq.	School Field		I 0 18
Orrett, William, Efq.	Ram’s Head	i 0 6	0 0 35
Thomas Cave, Joicph Anderfon,'| Jofcph Hayhurft, and Charles > Whittaker - J	-	-	
Peers, John	Plumber’s Arms	oxoo	0 0 10
Pemberton, Dr.	Hurft’s		
Percival, Dr.	— 	 			2 0 16
Pickton, Ralph	Stretches	T4 0 O	0 0 22
Patten, Peter, Efq.	Turner’s		2 0X2
Do.	White Crofs		22 2 X2
Do.	Six Acres	0 12 O	
Do.	Owen’s		5
Do.	Wouiey’s	1 8 9	8 1 28
Do.	Chclhire’s -	0 6 6	
Pierpoint, James	Small Garden'	I I O	
Riley, Thomas	LoUghlane	0 2 0	0 2 3s
Rowland, 1 homas		6 6 0	—
Roby, Peter	Part of Travis	260	—
Smith, William - —			
Shaw, Mary	Part of Travis		
Smith, Thomas	— — —	050	0 0 16
Sherlock, Samuel	— — —		
Simpfon, Mark	Woolpack	020	0 0 19
Travis, John	Part of Travis	210	
Topping, James, Efq-	Late Mrs. A. Legh’s	20 0 0	2 0 28
Do.	New Houfe -	. 1 0	/ 2,586 fqujrc Yards.
		080	
Woolrich, 1 homas	- "" -	900	f 1,482 fquare
Kerfoot, Mr.	Dole in Arpley '«	020	0 3 0
Wilfon, Jofcph	Leadbeater’s	0 5 2	
Whifhaw, Hugh	Oldham’s -	080	0 2 8
Woodcock, John	Summer Houfe	1 0 0	O O 24
Widders, Peter	Late Br. Lee’s	35 0 0	OOO
Worrall, Mr.		16 4 0	OOO
Lee, Brunton’s Heirs	Barky Mow	0 15 0	
Blackburne, Ifaac, Efq.	Pickerings and Birds		Lli?)
Late John Higginbotham	Donbavands	0 1 6	
Lee, Thomas		026	0 3 29
WhitnalPf, Robert Heirs	Tomlinfon’s -	020	
Bancroft, John	Late Jonathan Atherton’s	4 IO O	0 2 35
	Total —	719 to 8	183 1 26!

48° GEORGlI III. Cap.no.

*ps

The SCHEDULE—continued.

In the TOWNSHIP of BLEAKLEY.

Divers Mefluages, Buildings, Lands, and Hereditaments, now or late in the Poffefliori of the feveral Perfons hereinafter mentioned, or ot their Undertenants ; containing in large Chefhire Meafure the feveral Quantities of Land or thereabouts (be the fame more or lefs)andletatthe feveral Rents fet forth in the Columns hereunto annexed.

TENANTS.	NAME OF ESTATE.	RENTS.	MEASURE.
Barlow, Thomas, Executors	Hodges - -	C d.	
Booth and Ireland	Watercourle	• 30		—
Clegg, John - -	Clouglibottom	4 5			8
Dawfon, James		— 14 —	
Fletcher, John	Horrocks -		2 1 iS
Howard, Edward	Smithy -		
Kay, Widow	Carvin’s Cottage	3 u —	— 3 22
Ogden, James	Potter’s Cottage	— 5 -	— s
Scholes, Mary, Executors	Hunt’s Green			19
Reafon, Robert			
Scholes, Robert -	Demefne -		8a 2 2t
Ditto	Ogden’s	13 5 —	17 1 17
Ditto -	Edge’s Cottage			34
Ditto	Reafon’s -	1 5 —	
Scholes, Jofeph -	Dawfon's	11		
Ditto ’ -	"White Lion -	— 20 		
——, Jofeph	For Royle’s Cottage Royle’s Cottage Jack Hill	— 4 —	
Travis, Robert		. — 6 —	
	-, James -  Upton, John -				16
	Plants - - -	M		29 — 30
	Total	204 II 		,V8 — '9

The Remainder of the Eftates devifed by the Will of the faid Thomas Peter Legh, fubject to the Annuity of Fifty Pounds per Annum to the faid Mary Allen, and not directed to be leafed by the Powers of this Ad, are of the annual Value of Ten thoufand Pounds and upwards.

John AJhton.

.	          I	...

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s mod Excellent Majefty. 1S08.



~ / ' .

r

cl

	
	
	
	
	
	



■ o.



~ . -

i, -1«

.

V ’	-



O







ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

******************************************************

Cap. i21.

An Aft for enlarging the Powers of an Aft made in the Firft Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Second, intituled “ An Aft to perpetuate “ and better regulate the Charitable Foundation of “ Doftor Nathaniel Foy,	late Lord Bifhop of

“ Waterford and Lifmore, in the City of Water-“ ford,” and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.

\_i?>th “June 1808.J

WHEREAS by an Aft of the Parliament ofmade in the Firft 1 Geo. 2. Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Second, intituled “ An Aft to perpetuate and better regulate the Chari-“ table Foundation of Doctor Nathaniel Foy, late Lord Bifhop oiWaterford " and Lifmore, in the City of Waterfordit is (among other Things) recited that the faid Nathaniel Foy, by his laft Will and Teftament in Writing, rte'sHho °of bearing Date the Twenry-fixth Day of December One thoufand feven hun- Waterford, dred and feven, did, among feveral other Legacies and Bequefts therein contained, order and direct his Executors to pay unto his Sifter Miftrefs Elizabeth Moore the ufual Intereft Money or Yearly Produce of Six hundred Pounds by quarterly Payments, for her Maintenance during her Life; and. to his Sifter Miftrefs Cajfandra Gibbon the ufual Intereft Money or Yearly Produce of Two hundred Pounds, by Quarterly Payments during her Widowhood; and thereby ordered that a School fhould be built with Lime and Stone in fome convenient Place within the City of Waterford, and an Apartment at one End thereof for a School-tier. ti? Fer.]	16	K	Mafter

2338

48° GEORGII til. Cap. 121.

Matter, who fhould be obliged to teach Fifty Children of the Inhabitants of Waterford gratis, to read, write, and call Accounts, and to fay their Catechifm j and that a Clergyman of the City of Waterford, to be appointed by the Lord Bifhop of Waterford for the Time being, fhould be allowed Ten Pounds per Annum, to repair to the faid School weekly, every Tkurfday in the Afternoon, and then and there, to examine the faid Children, whether they perfe&ly retained their Catechifm in Memory, and afterwards to inftruft them in the Meaning and Senfe thereof, after fuch plain and familiar and interrogatory Manner, as is fuitable to the Capacity of Children, and that fo fhortly, briefly, and concifely, as that the whole Catechifm might begone through Twice every Year, caufing the faid Children to give their Senfe and Meaning of each Queftion and Anfwer, in their own Words, and according to their own Apprehenfions, after fuch Time as they had been duly inftru&ed by him ; and as to all the reft and Refidue of his Eftate whatfoever, after his Debts, Funeral Expences, Legacies, and other former Bequefts, mentioned in his faid Will, fliould be paid and difcharged, and after the Time of paying the Intereft of Six hundred Pounds to his faid Sitter Elizabeth Moorey and of the Two hundred Pounds Intereft to his faid Sifter Cajfandra Gibbon, fhould be lapfed and determined, and the faid Intereft Ihould be no longer to be paid, by his faid Will, he gave all fuch Reft and Refidue of his Eftate to be employed in the building the faid School and Apartment for the Schoolmafter, and for the maintaining and upholding of the fame, and for purchafing Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to maintain the Schoolmafter, whom he thereby directed to have Forty Pounds a-Year for his Salary, and to pay the Minifter’s Salary of Ten Pounds per Annum, who fhould perform the Office therein and herein before mentioned ; and that if it fhould fo happen, that the Refidue of his Eftate not difpofed of therein by former Bequefts, fhould be more than fufficienr, for the building and upholding the faid School and Apartment, and to pay the Forty Pounds per Annum to the Schoolmafter, and Ten Pounds per Annum to the Minifter, that then the Salaries of each of them fhould be en-creafed as high as his Eftate would admit of; and that the Number of Scholars to be taught fhould be encreafed proportionably to their Salaries, (that is to fay), as the Proportion of Fifty Scholars is to the Proportion of Forty Pounds per Annum to the Schoolmafter, and Ten Pounds per Annum to the Minifter, fo fhould the Number of Fifty Scholars to be taught and inftru&ed as aforefaid, be encreafed according to the Increafe of the Salaries before mentioned: And he further declared in his laid Will, that becaufe the Defign and Intent of the Foundation of the faid School, was only to fit poor indigent Children for Trades, or the Latin School, none of the Scholars fo to be taught fhould remain there aboveFour Years, to be computed from their firft Adiniflion thereto; and did further order and direct by his faid Will, that the Lord Bifhop of Waterford for the Time being fhould have the Nomination, Choice, and Appointment of the faid Schoolmafter and Minifter to the faid School; and that they and each of them jointly or feverally fhould be continued or difplaced at the faid Bifhop’s Plealure, according as he fhould judge of their or either of their well or ill Demeanour of themfelves in their rel'pec-tive Offices: And to the Intent that no Favour or Affection might take place, but that the greateft Obje&s of Charity might be preferred, he declared it to be his Defire and Requeft that the Mayor, with any Three Aldermen and the Sheriffs of the City of Waterford for the Time being,

Ihould

2339

48° GEORGII IIJ. Cap. 121.

(hould quarterly, half-yearly, or yearly, according as the Scholars taught in the faid School (hould be removed to Trades or otherwife, for the better Information and Dire&ion of the Bifliop, fignify the Names of fuch Per-fons whom they {hould think fit to be admitted and taught in the faid School, of whom if the Bifhop (hould approve, upon fignifying his Plea-fure to the Schoolmafter, they were to be admitted and taught in the faid School j but if it (hould fo happen that he (hould difapprove of any of them, the faid Bi(hop might place fuch others in their Rooms as he (hould think fit, and upon Negled or Defedt of fuch Recommendation the faid Bifliop was defired to take care that the Vacancy (hould be filled up according as he in his Prudence and Wifdom (hould think fit: And by his faid Will did appoint the Reverend Thomas France and James Medlicot his Executors, who proved the faid Will in the Prerogative Court of that Kingdom, and by virtue thereof pofiefied themfelves of all the Eftate belonging to the faid late Lord Bifliop, and foon after the faid late Lord Bifliop’s Deceafe built the faid School-Houfe and Apartment for the Mafter in purfuance of his faid Will: And it is further recited, that the faid Thomas France and James Medlicot did purchafe the Town and Lands of Kellenafbegg, Mothill, and Ballyoguin, alias Bally Kneen, in the County of Waterford, from Reynolds Calthorpe and Samuel Battley: And that the faid James Medlicot did fome time after die, whereby the foie Execution of the faid Will devolved upon the faid Thomas France, as furviving Executor thereof, who after the faid James Medlicot’s Death purchafed the following Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, videlicet, the Town and Lands of Hacketts Town and Ballyowen, alias Ballywade, in the faid County of Waterford, from the Truftees nominated and appointed for the Sale of Part of the Eftate of Sir Thomas Pendergq/t, Baronet, an Infant, both which Purchafes were fo made by the (aid Thomas France and James Medlicot, and by the faid Thomas France as aforefaid, in truft for and to the Ufes declared in the faid Will • all which Lands then amounted to the Yearly Value of One hundred and ninety-one Pounds two Shillings and Twopence: And it is further recited, that the faid Thomas France was alfo dead, and that he had by his lad Will and Teftament in Writing appointed his Son and Heir Nathaniel France, Clerk, foie Executor, who proved the faid Will in the Prerogative Court of that Kingdom; and that the foie Truft and Execution of the Will of the faid late Lord Bifhop was veiled in and devolved upon the faid Nathaniel France: And it is further recited. That the faid Elizabeth Moore and Caffandra Gibbon. were both dead ; and that the faid Nathaniel France did admit, that he had then in his Hands, after building the laid School-Houfe and Apartment, and after purchaiing the faid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments and paying and difcharging all Debts, Funeral Expences, and Legacies and all other former Bequells mentioned in the faid Will of the (aid late Lord Bifliop of Waterford, the Sum of Seven hundred and feventy-four Pounds fifteen Shillings and Three-pence Halfpenny: And it is further recited, That the laid Executors of the lateLordBifliop, did fome Time after his Deceafe, increafe the Salary of the Mafter of the faid School from Forty Pounds to Sixty Pounds per Annum; and did alfo increafe the Salary of the Mi-nifter Irom Ten rounds to Fifteen Pounds per Annum, and that it has been experienced that a Number of Children, proportionable to the Salary ot the Mafter augmented as aforefaid, could not be had in the laid City, without fome further Encouragement, befides that of Inllrutlion

only

*3+0

48® GEORGII III. Cap. 121.

only ; and that the Corporation of the City of WaUrford, did, for the Encouragement and better carrying on the faid late Lord Bilhop’s then intended Charity, convey to the faid late Lord Bilhop a Plot of Ground in the City of Waterford, upon Part of which the faid School-Houfe and Apartment for the Matter, fo built by the Executors of the late Lord Bilhop then ftood ; and that the remaining Part of the faid Plot was then held and enjoyed by William Carr, by virtue of a Leafe from the faid Thomas France, and by James Gall, by virtue ofaLeafe from the faid Nathaniel France: It was enacted. That the faid Plot of Ground on which the faid School-Houfe and Apartment then ftood, and the remaining Part of the faid Plot of Ground conveyed by the faid Corporation of the City of Waterford, unto the faid late Lord Bilhop ; and all the faid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments fo purchafed by the faid Thomas France and James Medlicot, and alfo by the faid Thomas France as aforefaid, and therein more particularly defcribed, lying and being in the County of Waterford, Ihould be, and the fame were thereby vefted in the faid Nathaniel France, Clerk, during his natural Life, and after his Deceafe, in the Lord Bilhop of Waterford, the Mayor of Waterford, and Dean of Waterford, for the Time being, and their refpedive Succeflbrs for ever, upon Truft and Confidence neverthelefs, and to and for the following Ufes, Intents, and Purpofes, (that is to fay,) that out of the yearly Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, he the faid Nathaniel France, for and during his natural Life, and after his Deceafe, the Lord Bilhop of Waterford, Mayor of Waterford, and Dean of Waterford, for the Time being, and their refpedive Succelfors, Ihould maintain, fupport, and keep in good Repair the faid School-Houfe and Apartment for the School-Matter, then lately ereded by the Executors of the late Lord Bilhop aforefaid, within the City of Waterford; and Ihould pay a Yearly Stipend or Salary of Sixty Pounds to a Matter for his Attendance on the faid School, and one other Yearly Stipend or Salary of Fifteen Pounds to a Clergyman of the faid City, who Ihould be called the Catechift of the faid School, for his Attendance thereon, by two half-yearly Payments, on the Firft Day of May and Firft Day of November in every Year, with a Provifo, that the faid Matter and Catechift, for their refpedive Salaries of Sixty Pounds and Fifteen Pounds per Annum, Ihould attend and be ready to teach and inftrud Seventy-five Poor Children of the Inhabitants of the faid City, to read, write, and call Accounts, and to fay their Catechifm in fuch Manner and Method as is thereinbefore mentioned, and according to the Appointment of the faid Will of the faid then late Lord Bilhop of Wa-terford and Lifmore: And it is by the faid Ad further enaded, That the Right Reverend Father in God, Thomas then Lord Bilhop of Waterford and Lifmore, and his Succelfors, Bilhops of Waterford, Ihould and might, from time to time, for ever, nominate and appoint the faid Schoolmaster and Catechift, according to the Diredions of the faid Will, and Ihould and might, at his and their Will and Pieafure, difplace or remove any fuch Mafter or Catechift, according as he or they Ihould judge of his or their well or ill Demeanor: And that the Number of Seventy-five Boys Ihould, from time to time, be inftruded in the faid School as aforefaid: And that all the Diiedions given by the faid Will touching the Nomination and Approbation of Boys to be inftruded in the faid School and their-Continuance therein, and fupplying the Vacancies as they ihould happen, from time to time, be followed and obferved in refped of

the

234-i

48° GEORGII III. Cap..\2\.

the faiil Number of Seventy-five Boys: AnJ Power was (riven to the Truftees to appoint a Receiver of the Rems of the Lands belonging to the laid School, and alfo to part the Salaries of the Schoolmate and Catechift, and from Time to Time,, by the Uredioii of the faid Trulfeeor Trulfees to repair tire laid School Houfe and Matter’s Apartment, with the Appurtenances thereto belonging,- and fupplyth ' laid School with convenient Firing for the Benefit of tire laid B >yit: And the faid Receiver for his Trouble, over and above One Shilling in the Pmmd, to be mentioned in ail Leafes of (he faid Lands as Receiver’s Fees, was to receive yearly the Sum of Five Pounds, by way of Salary;, which Sum, the faid Trulfees were ordered and appointed 10 alloy/ luch Receiver upon his Accounts: And it was further enaded, Teat out of the Refidue of the Rents and Profits of the laid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, after the Payment of the rsfpedive Salaries of the School-Malter, Catechift, and Receiver,and after the expending offuch Sums as fhould be found, lequifite for keeping the faid School Houfe, anti Mailer’s Apartment in Repair,, fitch Sum or Sums ihould be applied every Year in the cloathing of the faid Seventy-five Children, in luch Manner as the faid Nathaniel France, during his Life, or after his Deceafe, the Lord Bi-fhop of Wateiford, and the Mayor of Yi'atcrford, and Dean of Waterford for the Time being, and their Sue effors, or any Two of them (hould diredf and appoint: And that in tale the Rents and Profits of the laid Eftate then already purchafed, or winch thereafter might be purchafed by the Money remaini g in the Hands of the laid Nathaniel France, Ihould happen to be more titan fufficie t for the Payment of the laid Salaries of the Schoohnafter, Catechift, and Receiver, and alfo for the keeping the faid School and Mailer’s Apparrnent n Repair, and cloathing tire Seventy-five Boys in Manner af .fefaid, then fitc-h Overplus (hould be laid out and applied y the faid Nahanicl France, during his Life, and after his Deceafe, by the faid uceeeding frultte,, or a-ty 1 wo of them, to the .binding and putting out one or more of the Children of the aid School, as he or they Ihould think mod deferring, Ap-prentic. s to Proteftant Mailers:	And	it was further enacted;

That the faid Sums of Seven hundred Pounds, and Seventy.four Pounds fifteen Shillings and Three-pence Halfpenny, which the faid Nathaniel France had admitted then to be in his Han Is, Ihould be laid out by him upon good Security, and the filtered artfing thereout to b applied io the Ufes already d < hired in the laid Aft, until a convenient Purchafe could be made of Lands, Ttnem nts ai d Hete-ditaments, with the laid Money; which Lands, ftnements and Hereota-mems Ihould be purchafed, as foon as conveniently might be, and when purchafed Ihould be conveyed to the faid Nathaniel France, it then living, for the Term of his natural Life, and after his Deceafe to the Bilhop of Waterford, Mayor of Waterford, and Dean ol Waterford, and their reipec-tive Succeffors ; and if the laid Nathaniel France Ihould die before fucli Conveyance made, then to the laid Bilhop ot Waterford, Mayor ol Waterford, and Dean of Waterford, and their refpective Succcfi rs, lubje to the like Trulls and Ufes, as the faid La ds before mentioae in the laid Ad are declared to be : And it was further enaded, That it Ihould be lawful for the faid Nathaniel France, during his Life, nd after his Deceafe, for the Lord Bilhop of Waterford, the Mayor of Waterford, and Dean ol Waterford refpedively lor the Time being, or their Succeffors, or any Two of them, to demife all, or any Part ot the faid Lands, Tenements, or . [Ter. Cf Per.]	s6	T	Heredita-

2342

Thomas Loul B'fnop of Waterford

Ineonveni• ences of the prefent bchjulhoufe.

The Scite valuable to be fold or le

further En-

One Mailer infufficlent t inilruCt the Boys.

Funds of the Charity fufii-cient for the intended Improvement:.

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 121.	*

Hereditaments, or any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which he or they fhould thereafter purchafe in Trufl for the (hid School, for any Term not exceeding Thirty-one Years, or Three Lives, and no longer Time from the making thereof, at the belt improved Rent that could be got for the fame, to be referved to him or them in Truft, for the Ufes then already declared by the Paid Ad: And whereas the faid Nathaniel France, as alfo the faid Thomas Lord Bilhop of Waterford and Lifmore, have both fincedepa ted this Life : And whereas the faid Sum of Seven hundred and feventy-four Pounds fifteen Shillings and Three-pence Halfpenny, hath not yet been laid out in the Purchale of 1 ands. Tenements, and Hereditaments, purfuant to the Directions of the faid recited A£t: And whereas the Plot of Ground where >n the prefent School-h 'ule now (lands is fituare in the Middle of the Market-place of the City of Waterford, w th the Common Sewer of the faid City puffing under it, and it is a very low and damp Situation, and the laid School houfe is very much out of Repair, nor is there fufficient Space on the faid Plot (as it contains only Sixt)- ix Feet in hr nr, and Sixty-feven Feet in the Rear, and in Depth Sixty-feven Feet, or thereabouts), to build a proper School houfe, luppofing that the prefent one was to be pulled down for that Purpole: And whereas the faid Plot of Ground, being fituare in the faid City of Waterford, is very va'uable, and might be fold for a confiderable Sum of Money, or until fold let beneficially, and it would be highly advantageous to the faid Charity if the fame was fold or let as aforefaid, and that the laid Truftees were enabled to purchafe, or erect, or complete a Melfuage or School-houfe, with fuitable Offices and Conveniences thereto, and to purchafe proper Fixtures and Furniture for the fame, and alfo to purchafe a Piece of Ground fuitable thereto to be lituate near the faid City of Waterford, for the Refidence and Ufe of the Mafter, Ufher, and Children of the faid Charity : And whereas the Number of Scholars, being Children of the Inhabitants of the faid City of Waterford, as direded by the faid Will of the faid Nathaniel Foy Lord Bifhop of Waterford and Lifmore, deceafed, proportionable to the Salary to the faid Mafter, cannot now be induced to attend the faid School, (there being now only Fifty-feven Children in the faid School), without fome further Encouragement befides that of Inftruc-tion, Cloathing, and Apprenticing, and the Children who do at prefent frequent the faid School being under no Sorr of Controul, except during certain Hours of the Day, are liable to contrad the nvoft vicious and immoral Habits in fo extenfive and populous a Sea-port as the City of Waterford-, and it would greatly tend to further the Intentions of the laidTeftator if the faid Truftees were enabled not only to inftrud, cloath and put out Apprentice fuch Children, but alfo to lodge and board them • and if the faid Truftees were- alfo enabled to purchafe, or ered, or complete a proper Melfuage or School-houfe, with fuitable Offices and Conveniences thereto for fuch Lodging: And whereas, for the Education and Inftrudion of the faid Boys, One Mafter has by Experience been found infufficient, and it would tend ftill, further to promote the Intention of the faid Teftator if an Ufher or Ufhers with a competent Salary or Salaries was or were appointed to affift the Mafter of the faid School, and if the faid Mafter and Ufhers were lodged and boarded in the faid School-houfe : And whereas in order to enable the faid Truftees to carry fuch Purpofes into Execution, they are pofiefied of fufficient Funds, having Four thoufand Pounds or thereabouts in Irfh Government Debentures, carrying Intereft, and the Sum of Nine hundred Pounds or

thereabouts.

2343

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 121.

thereabouts, alfo carrying Intereft, due from different Perfons on Bond on account of the faid Charity, and they are alfo in PolTcflion of Landed Property under the Trufts of the faid WiJl, containing about One thoufand four hundred Acres or thereabouts, fituate in Ireland, together with Two or Three fmall Plots of Ground in the faid City of Waterford.. the Rents and Profits whereof amount annually to the Sum of Four hundred and fixty fix Pounds or thereabouts; but from the Lives in mod of the Leafes under which fuch Property is held being very old, it is expefted that they will very foon fall in, and the Rents and Profits be confiderably increafed. which, without further and additional Powers than thofe granted by the faid recited Will and Aft, will annually accumulate without any Benefit accruing to any Individual therefrom, as the Average Expenditure upon each Child is only Two Pounds Nine Shillings or thereabouts: But as the feveral Objefts aforefaid cannot be accom-plifhed without the Aid of Parliament; Therefore your Majefty’s molt dutiful and loyal Sub efts, the Right Reverend Father in God Power, now Lord Bifhop of Waterford and Lifmore, the Mayor of Waterford, and Dean of Waterford, the Sheriffs of Waterford, and William Newport, Samuel King, and James Ramfay, Thiee of the Aldermen of the faid City, Do moft humbly belieecn Your iVJajefty, That it may be enafted, and be it enafted by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confentof the Lords Spit itual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and immediately alter the palfing of this Aft all that Melfuage or Tenement, and School-Houfe and Hereditaments, with their and every oftheir Rights,Members, and Appurtenances fituate and being in the City of Waterford aforefaid, and more particularly mentioned and deferibed in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, and the Reverfion and Reverfions, Remainder and Remainders, yearly, and other Rents, Iffues, and Profits thereof, lhall Hand, remain, and be veiled in. the Lord Bilhop of Waterford, the Mayor of Waterford, and the Dean of Waterford for the l ime being, and their refpeftive Succeffors for ever, freed and abfolutely difeharged, exempted, and exonerated of, from, and againft all and every the Charges, Ul'es, Trufts, Eftates, Powers, Provifoes, Declarations, and Agreements exprefied, declared, and contained of and concerning the fame Premifes, or any Part thereof, in and by the faid Will of the faid Nathaniel, late Lord Bifhop of Waterford and Lif-more, deceased, or in and by the faid recited Aft, or either of them: But neverthelefs upon the Trufts, and to and for the Intents and Purpofes hereinafter exprefied and declared of and concerning the fame, (that is to fay,) upon Trull that they the faid Lord Bifhop of Waterford, the Mayor of Waterford, and Dean of Waterford for the Time being, and their re-refpeftive Succeifors, do and lhall, with all convenient Speed after the paifing of this Aft, ablolmely make Sale and difpofe of the faid Mef-l'uage or Tenement, and School-Houfe and Hereditaments, with the Appurtenances fo veiled in them as aforefaid, either by Public Sale or Private Contraft, unto any Perfon or Perfons who fhalt be willing to become the Purchafer cr Purchafers thereof for the moft Money that can be reafonably had or gotten for the,fame, and upon Payment of the Pur-

chafe-Monies in Manner hereinafter mentioned,doand lhall convey and allure

fuch Melfuage or Tenement, and Sehool-Houfe and Hereditaments, with the Appurtenances, unco ,and to the Ufe of the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof, his, her, or their. Heirs or Aftigns, or as he, file, or they lhall direct or appoint, freed, difeharged, and exonerated as aforefaid.

The prefent School -houfs and Scite

Trufteesupon Truft to fell.

II. And

'VfH''.

Purchalc Monies to be D-id into the Bank of Ireland in the Name of the Accountant-G cut sal.

4,S° G.EORQII HI. 'Cap, 121.

JU J^pd. kej.t furrier enabled, T^at all and every the Suqi and Sums i f tiloccji tc» n/ije. by the Ssue of the laid M elfin age, or Tenement, nd .^chcot-boulfj;, and IJereiiUairents.fhall be. paid by tb<: Pure haler or Pur*-chafcr.Vrl^'t<^f,h’nto the B-tJc of Ireland, in the Name and \vi:h the Privity Qf the JVcc^iint^ht G neral of iHe lligh Court of Chancery in Ireland, tvith-Qutfci op Reward, to he placed to his Account there, ex,parte “ liie Pur* * cilafieV or rurchafers of thq Pilate oiflathamcl lare Lord Bfhon of Wa-^Ic'Joya GeceafeiV’ pmhfWf- to the Method preferibed by thc Irijh Stature o;f the'iVenty-third anti'Twej-ity-fourih Years of his p re lent ivlajeltv’s Reign, Chapter iVenty-fecoiid, and .the geue*al Otders of the laid Cnurr, and hat the'Money, when fo. paid in, ffiall be Jayd out in the Purchafeof Inf) G yc-rnment Debentures,, or Irijh Treafury Bills; and the Interelt arifing from the Money fo laid, out .in the Purchafe of fuch Debentures or Trofury Bills, and the Money received for the fame, as they {hail be lefpefilyely paid off by Government., Iball be laid out in the Name off the laid ‘Accountant General in the Purchafe of ether like Debentures or Treafury Bills, and thar all the Paid Debentures and Treafury Bills lhall be c}epofited in the Paid Bank, in the Name of the Paid Accountant General, and iiiaU remain there until the fame-{hall, upon a Petition to be preferred to the faid Court of Chancery in lrelajidA in a futnmary Way* by or on the Behalf of the Lord Billiop of Waterford, the Mayor oi-Wa* terford, and Dean of Waterford for the Time being, and their refpeCtive Succeffqrs, or any Two of them, be ordered to be fold by the Accountant General for carrying the feveral Purpofes of this Ad into Execution.	.	,	.

Certificates III. And be it further ena&gd, That the Certificate or Certificates of the ot the Ac- fajd Accountant General, together with the Receipt and Receipts of the nerai^to"	of	the Bank to be thereto annexed, and therewith filed in the

ther with the Regiiler Office of the faid Court of Chancery of the Pavmeiu into the Receipts of Bank of Ireland, by the Purchafer or Purchasers of the Hereditaments the Cafhiers, hereby dire&ed to be fold, of his, her, or their Purchafe Monies refpec-river/, or qf any Part of fuch Purchafe, Money, ffiall, ffoin lime to Time, to the Pur- and at all Times hereafter, be a good and effectual Di('charge, or good and cnaieis. effectual Discharges, to fuch Purchafer or Purchafers, and to his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Adminiflrators, and Affigns, for the Lid Purchafe Monies, or fo much thereof, for which fuch Certificate or Certificates, and Receipt or Receipts ffiall be refpedively given ; and after filing luch Certificate or Certificates, and Receipt or Receipts of the Cafhier of the Bank as aforelaid, fuch Purchafer or Purchafers, ffiall be abfolutely acquitted and difeharged of and from the fame Monies, and (hall not be anfwerable or accountable for any Lofs, Mi [application* or Non-application thereof.

The Court of IV. And be it further ena&ed That it ffiall and maybe lawful to and Chancery f0y tbc High Court of Chancery in Ireland, from Time to Time, upon a to d'rcfl'the Petition to be preferred to that Court in a fummary Way, by, or on the snet.i ti e Behalf of the Lord Biffiop ot Waterford, the Mayor of Waterford, and Kurds. Dean of Waterford for the Time being, or their refpeclive Succeflors, or any Two of them, to order and direct the Lord Bilhop of Waterford, the Mayor of Waterford, and Dean of Waterford for the Time being, or their rdpective SucceOors, or any Two of them, to iell and dilpoie of the whole, or any Part or Parrs, as to the laid Court lhall leem meet, of the laid hums <A Four theuiand Pounds and Nine hundred Pounds, feeured on Irijh Government

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 121.	2345

vernment Debentures and Bond as aforefaid, or of fuch other Sum or Sums of Money as fhall fromTime toTime remain in the Hands of the Lord Bifhop of Waterford, Mayor of Waterford, and Dean of Waterford, for the Time being, or their refpedive Succeflors, as Truftees of the Eftares of the faid Nathaniel late Lord Bifhop of Waterford deceafecf; and upon a like Petition to be preferred to the faid Court in a fummary Way, it flial! and may be lawful to and for the faid Court, to order and direct the Accountant-General of the faid Court, to fell and difpofe of the Debentures and Treafury Bills fo to be purchafed by virtue of this Ad, or of any Part or Parts thereof, and alfo to order and dired the Application of the whole, or any Part or Parts as to the faid Court fhall feem right an .l proper, of the faid Sums of Pour thoufand Pounds and Nme hundred Pounds, and of fuch other Sum or Sums of Money as fhall, from Time to Time, remain in the Hands of the faid Bifhop of Waterford, the Mayor of Waterford, and Dean of Waterford, and their refpedive ''Succeflors, and of the Monies herein before directed to be paid into the Bank, or .of the Monies to be produced by Sale of the faid Debentures or Treafury Bills herein And to dircft direded to be purchafed, for the Pur chafe or Erection of a Capital Mef- llle Monies fuageor School-Houfe, and alfo for the Purchafe of fufficiem Land and Pur-^ Ground fuitable thereto, to be fituate in or near the faid City otWaterford ; chafe 0r and for the Purchafe, building, ereding, or making, altering, or re- Ereftion of a pairing of proper Offices, Out-houfes, Buildings, Yards, and Gardens, r,evv Scbooi-for the Refidence and Ufe of the Schoolniaher, Ufher or Ufhers, and Lind*0** Children of the faid Charity ; and a!fo for the Purchafe of, or providing and ,or pro-proper Fixtures and Furniture for fuch Capital MeHuage or School-Houle, vidiog Fix-and Buildings, in fuch Manner as the faid Court fhall from Time to Time, r,,res and upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way, by or on the Be- ^urn*ture» half of the faid Lord Bifhop of Waterford, the Mayor of Waterford, and and for the Dean of Waterford, for the Time being, or their refpedive Succeflors, or Purchafe of any Two of them, order and dired ; and alfo for the Purchafe of fuch Meffuag«,-MeflTuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as the faid La,lds> Court, upon fuch Petition as aforefaid fhall approve of, to be fituate in The Build-Ireland-, and that all and lingular the faid Capital Mefluage, or School- j"?nd»fo to Houle, Offices, and Buildings, Meffuages, Lands, anti other Heredita- bepo!chafcdf rcents. Fixtures, and Furniture, which fliall be fo purchafed as aforefaid, to be * fhall be thereupon immediately fettled, coifveyed, and allured unto and vefted in the to the Ufe of the faid Lord Bifhop of Waterford, the Mayor of Waterford, and Dean of Waterford, for the Time being, and their refpeclive Sue- TrJih of the ceffors for ever, to, for, and upon fuch and the fame Ufes, Trufts, in- recited Ad, tents, and Purpofes, and with, under, and lltbjed to fuch and the lame and this A^* Powers, Provifoes, Declarations, and Agreements, as are in and by the ' faid recited Ad and this Ad exprefled, declared, and contained, of and concerning the Refidue of the Hereditaments, and Premifes, now remaining vefted in the Lord Bifhop of Waterford, the Mayor of Waterford, and Dean of Waterford, for the Time being, and their refpedive Suc-ceflors, in Truft as aforefaid, and not hereby direded to be fold as aforefaid, or fuch, or fo many of them, as fliall be then fubfiiting and capable of taking EfFed.

V.	Provided neverthelefs, That the Power of Leafing given and granted X!‘e to the Lord Bifhop of Waterford, the Mayor of Waterford, and Dean of in°;ha Waterford, for the Time being, and their refpedive Succeffors, or any recited is Two of them, in and by the faid recited Ad, fhall not extend, or in anv- not 1

[Loc. & Per.]

V!*e Schoolboufe

2 34&

The Truftees empowered to let the pre-

fent School-houfr and Sene until Sale thereof.

The Biihnp for the Time beirg cm-powered to appoint an Uiher or Ulhers,

and to dif-place or re ■ move him or them from

The Truflees empowered

larHot ex-ceedjng -i co!. f„ Jinn. to the Mailer, and jol. per Ann. to each of the Others, and Wages to

and 5-idge the Sell oolm after, Uiher or Ulhers,

4fj° GEORGII III. Cap. 121.

wife be conflrued to extend to authorize and empower them, or any of them, to demife or leafe the faid Capital Mefluage or School-Houfe, Offices, and Buildings fo directed to be purchafed, ereded, or completed, or the faid Land fo directed to be purchafed for the Refidence and Ufe of the faid Schoqlimfler, Uiher or Ulhers, and Children, near the faid City o( Waterford as aforefaid, or any Part or Parts thereof.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That in the meantime and until fuch Sale lhall be made of the faid School-houfe and Hereditaments hereby veiled in Trull to be fold as aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Bilhop of Waterford, the Mayor of Waterford* and Dean of Waterford, for the Time being, and their refpedlive buccef-fors, or any Two of them, from Time to Time, by Indenture under their Hands and Seals, to demife or leafe the faid Meffua.ge or School-Houfe and Hereditaments, hereby veiled in Trull to be fold as aferefaid in Fee Farm, or for any Number of Lives, or for any Term of Years, and under the bell improved Rent that can be got for the fame, and without Fine, and fo as fuch Leafes (hall not be made difpunilhbale for Waite by any exprefs Words therein, and fo as in fuch Leafes there be referved a Claufe of Re-entry for Non-payment of the Rent or Rents to be thereby referved, and fo as the Lelfee or Leflees feal and deliver Counterparts thereof, a Copy of which lhall be fairly written in the Regillry Book to be kept by the Schoolmaller for that Purpofe.

VII.	And be it further enabled. That it fliall and may be lawful to and for the faid Power, Lord Bilhop of Waterford and Lifmore, and his Suc-ceffors, Bifhops of Waterford, from Time to Time for ever hereafter to nominate and appoint an Uflier or Ulhers to aflift the faid Schoolmaller in inllrudting and educating the faid Children, according to the Directions of the faid Will of the faid Nathaniel Lord Bilhop of Waterford, deceafed, fo that there be not more than Two fuch Ulhers employed, unlefs the Number of Children in the faid School lhall exceed Seventy-five ; nor more than Three fuch Ulhers, unlefs the Number of Children lhall exceed One hundred: And alfo from Time to Time to difplace or remove fuch Uiher or Ulhers, according as the faid Power, Lord Bilhop of Waterford and Lifmore, and his SuccelTors, Bilhops of Waterford, lhall judge of his or their well or ill Demeanour.

VIII.	And be it further enafted. That it lhall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Bilhop of Waterford, the Mayor of Waterford, and Dean of Waterford for the Time being, and their refpeClive SuccelTors, or any Two of them, from Time to Time, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by and out of the clear Yearly Rents and Profits of the faid Trull Ellates, Hereditaments, and Premifes, to pay competent Salaries not exceeding the Sum of One hundred Pounds a-Year to the Mailer of the laid School, and not exceeding the Sum of Fifty Pounds a-Year to each of the Ulhers of the laid School fo to be appointed as aforefaid, by equal Half-yearly Payments, on the Firfl Day of May and Firlt Day of November in every Year: And alfo to pay Wages to the neceflary Servants, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One hundred Pounds a-Year ; and alfo to maintain, board, and lodge, in a proper and fuitable Manner, the faid Schoolmaller, Uiher or Ulhers, Servants and Children in rhe faid Capital MelTuage or School-Houfe fo directed to be purchafed

or

480 GEORGII III. Cap. 121.	2347

or.crefted, or completed as aforefaid, and to procure for them all necef-fary and proper medical Advice and Afiiftance.

IX.	Provided neverthelefs, That if it fliall at any Time hereafter be found that the Number of Children, according to the Direftions of the faid recited Will can be obtained from the faid City of Waterford; and if the Rents and Profits of the faid Truft Eftates, Hereditaments, and Premifes, fhall prove inefficient for the Purpofe of educating, cloathing, and apprenticing, and alfo of boarding and lodging fuch additional Number of Children, then and in fuch Cafe, the Number of Boys fo to be boarded and lodged, fhall be proportionably decrealed, fo as to enable the faid T-ruftees, or any Two of them, to educate, cloath, and apprentice fuch additional Number of Children.

X.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted, That it fhall be lawful for the Lord Bilhop of Waterford, the Mayor of Waterford, and and lodged is Dean of Waterford, for the Time being, and their refpective Succefiors, tobede-

of any Two of rhem, to defray the Cods, Charges, and Expences at- creafed* tending the applying for and obtaining and palling this Ad, by and out TheA^°fSLf of the laid Truft EJtate and Effects, or of the Rems and Profits thereof; PJdouro°thc and alfo, that it fliall and may be lawful for the High Court of Chancery Truft Eftate. in Ireland, from Time to Time, to make fuch Order or Orders, as to the and the Coft faid Court fnall feem fit for afcertaining and fettling the Cofts and Ex- of f11 APP1'-pences of the Sale of the faid School-houfe and Hereditaments, hereby courTof **** veiled in Truft, to be fold as aforefaid, and the Cofts of the feveral Appli- chancery, cations to be made to the faid Court refpefting the Matters aforefaid, and the Cofts of taking the Monies out of the faid Bank, and inverting fuch Monies in a new Purchafe or Purchafes as aforefaid, and alfo the Cofts and Expences attending the Execution of all other the Trulls of this Aft.

XI.	And be it further enafted. That the faid recited Aft, and all the Tire former Powers, Rules, Regulations, Articles, Matters, and Things whatfoever Aft to remain therein contained, (lave and except fuch Parts thereof as are hereby varied, in forc*» chartered, and repealed), lhall be, and the fame is and are hereby declared cfpt "Jh£re to be in full Force and Virtue, and lhall be as good, valid, and effeftual, this!6 * for carrying the feveral Purpofes of this Aft into Execution, in as full,

ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, as if the fame had been repeated and re-enafted in the Body of thi3 Aft.

XIT, Saving always to the King’s moll Excellent Majefty, His Heirs and Saving Succefiors, and to all and every other Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Politic, Claufe. and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Succefiors, Executors, and Ad-minillrators, (other than and except the Lord Bilhop of Waterford, the Mayor of Waterford, and Dean of Waterford, and Sheriffs and Aldermeii of the faid City for the Time being, and their refpeftive Succefiors, and all and every other Perfon and Perfons whomfoever claiming under the faid recited Will and Aft, or either of them, and their Heirs, Executors, Ad-minirtrators, and Succefiors,) all fuch Eftate, Right, Title, Intereft, Claim, and Demand whatloever, of, in, to, or out of the Hereditaments com-pxifed in the faid Schedule to this Aft annexed,as they or any of them had before the palling of this Aft, or could or might have had, held, or enjoyed, in cate this Aft had not been made.

Servants and Children in the ScbooC houfe.

If the Number of Children according to the W.ll can be obtained, and the Income of the Charity lhall be in. fufficienr to board and lodge the whole, then the Numb-r

XIII. And

2348	4^°	GEORGII III. Cap. 121.

This to be a XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Aft (hall be printed by the Winter t0 the King’s mod Excellent Majedy, and a Copy thereof fo printed, (hall be admitted as Evidence thereof, by all Judges, Juftices,

Printer. and others.

The SCHEDULE to which this Aft refers.

A Capital MelTuage or School-Houfe, with the Out-buildings and Appurtenances thereto belonging, fituated in the Market-Place of the City of Waterford. The Scire thereof, and Land appertaining thereto, containing Sixty-fix Feet in Front, and Sixty-feven Feet in the Rear, and in Depth Sixty-feven Feet.

LONDON: Primed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s mod Excellent Majedy. 1808.

Ian,

/	Cap. 122.

An A£t for appointing new Truftees for carrying into Execution the Trufts and Powers contained in the Settlornent executed on the Marriage of John Amphlett Efquire, with Eliza Ann his Wife.

[i8th June x808.]

WHEREAS by Indentures of Leafe and Releafe, bearing Date indentures of refpedively the Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth Days of De-ccmhr One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight, the Re- ment, dated leafe being of Six Parts, ar,d made between John Amphlett of Clent, in *9th anj* 3°th the County of Stafford, Efquire, of the Firft Part ; Thomas Hill Efquire cc*1,6 and Eliza Ann his Daughter, by her then Defcription of Eliza Ann Hilly Spinfter, of the Second Part ■, Waldron Hill Efquire and Jofeph Amphlett Merchant, of the Third Part ; Thomas Waldron and Wilfon Aylejbury Ro~ berts Efquires, of the Fourth Part ; the Reverend ‘'John Amphlett Cleik, and Meljop Hill Gentleman, Second Son of the faid Thomas Hilly of the Fifth Part 5, and Thomas Hill the younger, and Wilfon Aylejbury Roberts the younger, Efquires, of the Sixth Part > being the Settlement executed previoufly to the Marriage which was then intended and foon afterwards folemnized between the faid John Amphlett and Eliza Am his Wife, in Confideration of the faid then intended Marriage, and for other Confi-derations mentioned in the faid Indenture of Releafe and Settlement, fe-veral Hereditaments in the Counties of Stafford, Salop, Worcejlcry and Hereford, with their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, were conveyed (but fubjed to certain Mortgage Debts, and to the Securities for the fame) to the Ufes upon and for the Trufts, Intents, and Purpofes, and with, under, and fubjed to the Powers, Provifoes, Agreements, and Declarations in the faid Indenture of Releafe and Settlement expreffed ot [Loc. b9 Per.]	26	N	contained,-

3So

48°GE0RG1I III. Cap.122.

contained, and in Part herein-after mentioned ; (that is to fay,) to the Ufe of the faid 'Thomas V/aldron and Wilfon Aylefbury Roberts, their Executors, Adminiftrators, and Alfigns, for the Term of One thoufand Years, upon Truft, by the Ways an.d Means tq the faid Indenture mentioned, toyaife the Sum of Three thoufand nine hundred and twenty-five Pounds, and to pay the Sum of Two thoufand Pounds, Part thereof, to Edmond Andrews Enquire and Elizabeth his Wife, ajid to p.iy the Sum of One thoufand nine hundred and twenty-five Pounds the Refidue thereof, to Margaret, then the Widow of Edward Andrews Efquire; and after the Expiration or fooner Determination of the faid Term of One thoufand Years, to the Ufe of the faid John Amphlett and his Heirs, until the Solemnization of the faid then intended Marriage ; and after the Solemnization thereof, to the Ufe of the faid John Amphlett for his Life, without Impeachment of Wafte ; Remainder to the Ufe of the faid IValdron Hill and Jofcph Amphlett, and their Heirs, during the Life of the faid John Amphlett, in Truft to preferve the Contingent Remainders therein-after limited ; an.I after the Deeeafe of the faid John Amphlett, to the Ufe and Intent that the faid Eliza Ann Hill, in ca'e (he Ihouid furvive the faid John Amphlett, Ihouid, during her Life, receive and take One Annuity or Yearly Rent Charge of Six hundred Pounds for her Jointure, and in bar of her Dower or Freebench, to be ifiuing and payable out of ail and every the Hereditaments comprifed in the faid Indenture of Releafe and Settlement, and with the ufual Powers and Remedies of Diftrefs and Entry, and Perception of Rents and Profits for recovering and compiling Payment thereof, when in Arrear, and fubject thereto, to the Ufe of the faid Melfp Hill and John Amphlett Clerk, their Executors, Admini-ftrators, and Afligns, for the Term of Ninety Years, upon the Trufts in thejaid Indenture of Releafe and Settlement mentioned, for better fecuring the Payment of the faid Annuity ; and after the Expiration of the faid Term of Ninety Years, to the Ufe of the faid Thomas Hill the younger and Wilfon Aylefbury Roberts the younger, their Executors, Adminiftra-tors, and Alfigns, for the Term of Five hundred Years, to commence from the Death of the faid John Amphlett, upon Truft, by the Ways and Means in the faid Indenture of Releafe and Settlement mentioned, to raife certain Sums of Money for the Portions of the Daughters and younger Sons of the faid then intended Marriage ; and after the Expiration or fooner Determination of the faid feveral Terms of One thoufand Years, Ninety Years, and Five hundred Years, to the Ufe of the Firft and every other Son of the faid John Amphlett by Eliza Ann his then intended Wife, feverally and fucceflivcly, according to their refpe&ive Seniorities, in Tail Male ; and for want of fuch Iflue, to the Ufe of the faid Thomas Hill the younger and Wilfon Aykfittry Roberts the younger, their Executors* Ad-miniftrators, snd Afligns, for the Term of Seven hundred Years, upon Truft, on fuch Failure asm the faid Indenture is expreffed of IlTue Male of the faid then intended Marriage, to raife the Sums of Money therein mentioned, for additional Portions for the Daughters of the faid then intended Marriage ; and after the Expiration or fooner Determination of the faid Term of Seven hundred Years, to the Ufe of the Firft and every other Son of the faid John Amphlett, by any after taken Wife or Wives, feverally and fucceflivcly, according to their refpective Seniorities, in Tail; and in Default of fuch IfTv e, to the Ufe of all and every the Daughter and Daughters oi the faid John Amphlett by the faid Eliza Ann his then intended. Wife, to be divided between or among them, if more than one,

as

1

k

&

Jf

f,

It

Id

10.

md

fid

for

llfl

md

and

and

H

of uni. i in

m

igcr fra-nee and aife ger ; or an, rerj fifc, rail r he hd-

KDtl

ale ein in* i of er/ ej, Si a

;fl

e,

u

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap.122.

as Tenants in common in Tail, with Crofs Remainders, between or among them in Tail ; and if all the faid Daughters, fave one, Ihould die without Iffue, or there Ihould be but one fuch Daughter, to the Ui'e of the faid Melfop Hill and John Amphlett Clerk, their Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns, for the Term of Light hundred Years, upon Truft, by the WaYs and Means in the faid Indenture of Releafe and Settlement mentioned, to raife the S m of Four thoufand Pounds for the Benefit of the faid Eliza Ann Amphlett} and after the Expiration or fooner Determination of the faid Term of Eight hundred Years, to the Ufe of the faid John Amphlett ^ his Heirs and Afligns, for ever : And by the faid Indenture of Releafe and Settlement it is provided and declared, that it Ihould be lawful for the faid IValdron Hill and Jofeph Amphlett, or the Survivor of them, and the Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns of Such Survivor, at any Time thereafter, during the joint Lives of the faid John Amphlett and Eliza Ann his then intended Wife, or during the Life of the faid John Amphlett, in cafe he ihould furvive the faid Eliza Ann% with the Confent and Approbation of the faid John Amphlett and Eliza Ann his Wife, during their joint Lives, and of the faid John Amphlett in cafe he fhould furvive the laid Eliza Ann, to make Sale or difpofe of, or to convey in Exchange, all or any Part or Parts of the Hereditaments comprifed in the faid Indenture of Releafe and Settlement, unto any Per-fon or Perfons wbomfoever, either together or in Parcels, for fuch Price and Prices as to them Ihould feem reafonable ; and on Payment of the Monies ariling by Sale of any Part or Parts of the fame Premifes, to fign and give proper Receipts for the Monies for which the fame fhould be fold, which Receipts Ihould be a fufficient Difcharge to any Purchafer or Purchafers for fomuch of thePurchafe Monies as Ihould be therein acknowledged to be received, and fuch Purchafer or Purchafers Ihould not afterwards be anfwerable or accountable for any Lofs, Mifapplication, or Non-Application of fuch Purchafe Money, and all and every the faid Hereditaments fo fold, Ihould be and remain for ever thenceforth freed and abfolutely difeharged of and from all and every the Ufes, Eltates, Trufls, Limitations, Covenants, Provil’oes, and Agreements, in and by the faid Indenture of Releafe and Settlement limited, expreffed, and declared, of and concerning the fame Premifes refpe&ively, fubjedl nevenhelefs to fuch Leafes as Ihould have been made by virtue of the Power therein for that Purpofe contained: Provided neveithelefs, that the Monies atifing from fuch Sale or Sales Ihould, with all convenient Speed, be laid out and dif-pofed of by them the faid Waldron Hill and Jofeph Amphlett, or the Survivor of them, his Executors or Adminiftrators, by and with the Confent and Approbation of the faid John Amphlett and Eliza Ann, his then intended Wife, or of the faid John Amphlett, in cafe he fhould furvive her, and be inverted in the Purchafe or Purchafes of Lands or Tenements, free from Incumbrances, fomewhere in that Part of Great Britain called England, of a clear and indefeafible Eftate of Freehold and Inheritance in Fee Simple, and to be fettled and conveyed by them the faid Waldron Hill and Jofeph Amphlett, or by the Survivor cf them, his Heirs or Afligns, to fuch and the fame Ufes, upon fuch and the fame Trufls, and for luch and the fame Ends, Intents, and Purpofes, and charged and chargeable in the fame Manner, and by, with, and under the fame Powers, Provifoes, Declarations, and Agreements, as are before limited, exprefl'ed, and declared, of and concerning the Lid Hereditaments, or as near thereto as the Deaths of Parties and other Contingencies would then admit of: And in and by the faid Indenture of Rcleafe and Settlement it is further 5	agreed

235*

a352

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 121.

agreed and declared, that until fuch Purchafes fhould be made, it Ihouid be lawful for the Truftees, or the Survivor of them, or the Heirs, Executors, or Adminiftrators of fuch Survivor, with fuch Confent as aforefaid, to place out the faid Monies at Intereft in the Public Funds, or in Government or Real Securities, and to alter and tranfpofe the fame as often as to the Truftees for the Time being fhould ftem meet, and the Intereft, Dividends, and Produce of fuch Monies to be applied for fuch Ufes and Purpofes, as the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Tenements, fo to be purchafed, would go or be payable in cafe fuch Purchafes were made : And whereas the faid John Amphlett intermarried with the faid Eliza Ann Hill,on or about the Seventeenth Day of February One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine, and hath Iffue by her T wo Sons, namely, John Ampblett and Thomas Amphlett, and Six Daughters, namely, Margaret Amphlett, Eliza Ann Amphlett, Harr.ett Amphlett, Mary Amphlett, Caroline Amphlett, and Lout fa Amphlett, all Infants under the Age of Twenty-one Years, and no other Child : And whereas the faid Waldron Hill departed this Life in the Year One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine, and the faid Jofeph Amphlett, his Co-truftee under the faid recited Indenture of Releafe and Settlement, furvived him, and departed this Life in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and one, leaving Iffue Edward Amphlett his only Son and Heir at Law, now an Infant, of the Age of Thirteen Years,or thereabouts,and thereupon iheEOates, Trufts, Powers, and Authorities, by the faid Indenture of Releafe and Settlement limited to the faid Waldron Hill and Jofeph Amphlett became vefted in the faid Edward Amphlett: And whereas, by reafon of the Infancy of the faid Edward Amphlett, the faid Trufts and Powers cannot now be carried into Execution or exercifed : And whereas it is for the Benefit of all Perfons beneficially interefted under the faid Indenture of Releafe and Settlement in the Eftates therein comprized, that new Truftees fhould be appointed for carrying into Execution and exercifing the Trufts and Powers contained in the faid Indenture of Releafe and Settlement; bur as the faid Indenture of Releafe and Settlement contains no Power to make fuch an Appointment, the fame cannot be made without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: Wherefore, Your Majefty's moft dutiful and lo>/al,Subj efts, the faid Join Amphlett and Eliza Ann his Wife, feveraliy,for themfelves,and the faid	Ampklett,o\\ Behalf oft he faid John Amphlett,Tho-

mas Amphlett .Margaret Amphlett, Eliza Ann Amphlett. Harriett Amphlett, Mary Amphlett, Caroline Amphlett. znALouifa Amphlett, his infantChildren,domoft humbly befeech Your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Truce’s a > Parliament affc-mbled, and by the Authority of the fame. That all and ftn-p^inttd.S a‘)- gular the Manor or Lordfhip, or reputed Manor or Lordfiiip, Mefiuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and all and fingular ether the Hereditaments, which by the faid recited Indentures of Leafe and Releafe of the Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth Days of December One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight, were conveyed and fettled to the Ufes, upon and for the Trufts, Intents, and Purpofes, and with, under, and fubjeft to the Powers, Proviloes, Agreements, and Declarations, expreffed or contained in the faid Indenture of Releafe, of or concerning the fame, with their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, (hall, from and immediately after rh® palling of this Aft, be vefted in and fettled upon, and the fame are hereby veiled in and fettled upon Wtlfm Aylesbury Heberts, of Bewdley

in

2353

i«

31

«

Is

&

d

W

Si,

if//, fa \k ion-aJer led m,

i [flares, Set-tiled fivof tar-of ail nod IJbe ?w ui as

iiakc I and land iv,fcr

until

pded

O

tfent

dfc.

ieaft !«$* iasd f tf2 ,v*

?difi

[beif

aJkr

atf

nifty

in

48* GEORGII III. Cap. lit.

in the County of Wcrceftcr, Efquire, and John Bcnbow, of Lincoln's hvl, m the County of Midd/efex, Gentleman,‘ their Heirs and Affigns (but YubjeCt and charged as in the laid Indenture of Releafe and Settlement is mentioned), to the Ufes, upon and for the Trufts, Intents and Purpofes, and with, under, and fubjeCl to the Powers, Provifoes, Declarations, and Agreements, which would now be fubfifting or capable ot taking Effect on the faid Manor or Lordihip, or reputed Manor or Lordfhip, Mef-fuages. Farms, Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, by virtue of and under the laid Indentures of Leafe and Releafe, if at the'Time of executing the fame Indentures of Leafe and Ileleafe the Names of them, the faidWiljon Aylesbury Roberts and Jihn B^nboiv, had been inferted in the famerefpedively, inftead and in lieu of the Names of the faid Waldron Hill and Jofeph Ampblett, and the Eitates, Trufts, Powers, and Authorities by the fame Indentures of Leafe and Releafe veiled in, and given or limited to the faid Waldron Hill and Jofcpb Ampblett, their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators, and Affigns, or to them the faid Waldron Hill and Jofepb Ampblett, and the Survivor of them, his Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators, or Affigns, or in or to the Heirs, Executors, Adrnini-flrators, and Affigns of Inch Survivor, had been thereby veiled in and given or limited to the faid Wilfon AylesburyRot arts and John Benbezu, their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators, and Affigns, or to the faid WJ/on Aylesbury Roberts and John Bsnbozur and the Sarvivor of them, and his Heirs, Executors, Adminiftratois, or Affigns, or in or to the Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators, or Affigns of fuch Survivor.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the faid Wilfon p«erioap-Aylesbury Roberts and John Benbowj or either of them, or any Truftee or Truftees who fhall be appointed in the Stead of them, or either of them, as herein-after mentioned, or their or either of their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators, or Affigns, fhall die, or be defirous to be difeharged from, or be incapable of acting in the Trulls or Powers herein-before expreffed or referred to, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall be lawful for the High Court of Chancery, upon a Petition to be prefented in a fummary Way, by the Perfon or Perfons, for the Tims being, beneficially entitled in Poffeffion to the faid Manor and other Hereditaments, under and by virtue of the Limitations contained in the faid recited Indenture of Releafe and Settlement, if fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall be of full Age, but if fuch Perfon or Pctfons be under Age, then by his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, during his, her, or their refpe&ive Minorities, to appoint the Perfon or Perfons propofed in the faid Petition, or any Perfon or Perfons named by the Court to be a Truftee or Truftees, in the Place of the Truftees fo dying or defiring to be difeharged, or becoming incapable to a£t; and thereupon the faid Trufts, Eftates, Monies, andPremifesfhall, with all convenient Speed, be conveyed, affigned, and allured (and which Conveyances, Affignments, and Affurances, the Truftee or Truftees for the Time being, notwithftanding Infancy or Coverture, is or are hereby empowered to make accordingly) in fuch Sort and Manner as that the faid Truft Eftates, Monies, and Premifes may, fo far or as near as the Cir-cumftances of the Cafe will admit, be legally and effectually veiled in fuch new Truitee or Truftees, folely or jointly, with the furviving or continuing Truftee or Truftees as the Care may be, and in his or their Heirs,

Executors, Adminiftrators, and Affigns, to the Ufes, upon the Trufts, and for the Intents and Purpofes, and with, under, and fubjeCt to the \Loc> Per.']	26 0	Powers,

2354

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 122.

Powers, Declarations, and Agreements which (hall then be fubfifting of capable of taking Effeft in the fame refpeftively, under or by virtue ot the faid Indenture of Releafe and Settlement and the prefent Act, and that fuch new Truftee or Truftees (hall, to all Intents, Kffefts, Conftruffions, and Purpofes whatfoever, have all the Powers, Exemptions, Privileges, and Authorities of the Truftee or Truftees, in whofe Room he or they (hall be fubftituted.

Saving Claug*	HI, Saving always to the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, His Heirs and

Succeffors, and to all and every other Perfons and Perl'on, Bodies Politic or Corporate, his, her, or their Heirs, Succeffors, Executors, and Admi-niftrators (other than and except the faid John Ampblett the Father, and Eliza Ann his Wife, and the faid John Amphlett the Son and Thomas Am-phlett, the infant Sons of the faid John Amphlett the Father by the faid Eliza Ann his Wife, and the Heirs Male of their refpe£tive Bodies, and all and every the Sons and Son hereafter to be born to the faid John Amphlett the Father by the faid Eliza Ann his Wife, and the Heirs Male of the Bodies and Body of all and every the faid Son and Sons, and all and every the Sons and Son to be born to the faid John Amphlett the Father by any Woman with whom he (hall marry after the Deceafe of the faid Eliza Ann his Wife, and the Heirs of their rcfpective Bodies, and the faid Margaret Amphlett, Eliza Am Amphlett, Harriett Amphlett, Mary Amphlett, Caroline Amphlett, and Louifa Amphlett, the infant Daughters of John Amphlett the Father by the faid Eliza Ann his Wife, and the Heirs of their refpeflive Bodies, and all and every the Daughters and Daughter hereafter to be born to the faid John Amphlett the Father by the faid Eliza Am his Wife, and the Heirs of their rcfpeftive Bodies, and the Perlons who noware, or hereafter maybe, beneficially interefted in the Trufts of the faid Terms of One Thoufand Years, Ninety Years, Five hundred Years, Seven hundred Years, and Eight hundred Years, and the Truftees of the faid feveial Terms, and the Heirs and Affigns of the faid John Amphlett the Father, and all and every other Perfons and Perfon claiming or to claim any Eftate or Intereft in the faid Manor and other Hereditaments, by, from, or under the Limitations contained in the' faid recited Indenture of Keleafe and Settlement) all fuch Eftate, Right, Title, Intereft, Benefit, Property, Claim, and Demand whatfoever, of, in, to, or out of the aforefaid Manor and other Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, as they or any of them had before the pafling of this Acf, or might have had in cafe this Aft had not been made.

Evidence. -	An(j	be	;t	further	enafled, That this A£t fhall be printed by the

Printer to the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, and a Copy thereof, fo printed, fliall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Juflices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew' Strahan, Pripters to the King’s mod Excellent Majefty. 1808.

h. iid ud k id md :her laid Uid fa-i of ars hter 5b rt'ons b of tired [fees Isht lim-ere-re-iilc, to, Part

»of

the

Jo

x,

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

**«»•******'»****************•«******»***** **«-«* **#**■

Cap. 123,

An Ad to enable Nathaniel Lee /leton Efquire and others, to grant Building Lcafes of Lands at and near Hackney in the County of Middle/,ex, devifed by the Will of the late Baptijl Lee Efquire.

[18th June 1808.]

WHEREAS, by the laft Will and Teftament, in Writing, of Will of

Baptijl Lee, late of Livermere, in the County of Suffolk, BaptiftLee Efquire, duly executed and attelled, and dated the Sixth Day E‘fclu*re* 'of April, in the Year of our Lord One thoufand feven hundred and fixty-five, the faid Baptijl Lee gave and devifed to his Nephew-in-law Nathaniel A£ton> the Reverend Jofeph Lathbury Clerk, and the ReverendPefrr Lath bur and their Heirs, alland fmgularhis Manors, Advowfons,Reclones, Mefliiages, lands. Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Suffolk, and in London, Middlefex, and Surrey, andelfewhere in England, with their Appurtenances, charged with the feveral Annuities thercin-after mentioned, upon Trull that the faid Nathaniel Aflon, in cafe he fliould fo long live, or in cafe of his Death, that the faid Jofeph Lathbury and Peter Lathbury, and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs of fuch Survivor, fhould receive? the Rents and Profits thereof, until his Great Nephew Nathaniel Lee Adon Ihould attain his Age of Twenty-one Years, upon Trull in the firfl Place to apply fo much of the faid Rents and Profits as fliould be ne-.i-effary in difeharge of the feveral Annuities therein-after given j and in the > \Loc. & Per-'}	26P	next

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 123.

next Place, out of the Laid Rents and Profits, to lay out in the Maintenance and Education of the faid Nathaniel Lee Aden, until he fhould attain his Age of IV-nty-one Tears, the feveral Sums of Money therein mentioned ; and from and after the faid Nathaniel Lee Adon ihould have attained his (aid Age of Twenty-one Years, then to the Ufe-of the faid NathanielA don, Joj'eph Lathbury, andP^/cr Lathbury, and their Heirs, until the faid Nathaniel Ad on, if living, or the faid Jofepb Lathbury and Peter Laihhury in cafe of the Death of the faid Nathaniel Adon, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Heirs of fuch Survivor, fhould by and out of the Surplus of the Rents and Profits of the Premifes which fhould accrue during the Minority of the faid Nathaniel Lee Adon, and by and out of the Rents and Profits of the faid Premifes which fhould accrue after the faid Nathaniel Lee Adon fhould attain his faid Age of Twenty-one Years, after Payment of the faid feveral Annuities, and of the yearly Sum of Five hundred Pounds to the faid Nathaniel Lee Adon, from the Time he fhould attain his Age of Nineteen Years, until he fhould be in the actual Poffeffion of his the deflator’s faid Manors, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, by virtue of the Limitations in his faid Will fpecified ; and by and out of the Refidue of his the Teflator’s Perfonal Eflate therein-after bequeathed, have raifed the Sum of Six thoufand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be applied in Manner therdin-after dire£ted, and from and after the faid Sum of Six thoufand Pounds fhould have been raifed in the Manner, and by all or any of the Ways and Means aforefaid, then to the Ufe of the faid Nathaniel Lee Adon and his Afligns, for his Life, fubjedt to the Payment of the faid feveral Annuities ; Remainder to the Ufe of the faid Truftees and their Heirs during the Life of the faid Nathaniel Lee Adon, upon Trufl to preferve Contingent Remainders, but to permit the faid Nathaniel Lee Adon to take the Rents and Profits during his Life ; Remainder to the Ufe of the Firll and other Sons of the faid Nathaniel Lee Adon, feverally and fucceffively in the Order of Birth, and the Heirs Male of their refpedlive Bodies ; Remainder to the Ufe of the Firfl and other Daughters of the faid Nathaniel Lee AdGn, .feverally and fucceffively in the Order of Birth, and the Heirs Male of their refpedlive Bodies, and for Default of all fuch Iffiie, and after various Devifes or Limitations which comprized 9nly the faid Teftator’s Eflate in Great and Little Livermere and Great Welnetham in the faid County of Suffolk, and in Laevjhall in the fame County; and all his Houles m Holborn, in the County of Middlefex, and his Six Houfes in Btjhopf-gate Street, London, and the Ground Rent or Reverfion of his Houle, in the Tenure or Occupation of John Rogers, (which is fituate in Bijbopfgate Street aforefaid) with their Appurtenances, the faid Tef-tator by his faid Will limited all his faid Manors, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, fituate ?md being in the City of London and Counties of Middlefex and Surrey, v. hereof no Limitations had been made, in default of Iffue of the faid Nathaniel Lee Adon, to the Ufe of his the Teffator’s youngeft Grand Niece Caroline Adon for • Life; Remainder to the faid 1 ruftees and their Heirs during her Life, upon the like Trufls for- preferving Contingent Remainders 5 Remainder to the Ufe of the Firfl and other Sons of the faid Caroline Adon feverally and fucceffively, in the Order of Birth, and the Heirs Male of their respective Bodies ; Remainder to the Ufe of the Daughter or all the Daughters of the faid Caroline Adon as Tenants in Common, in equal Shares, and the Heirs of the Body or refpe&ive Bodies of fuch Daughter or Daughters,

6	with

2359

!£nd

unij k$ or

ffc

ccnis : aid

«cuc

*entr.

Tcart^ a the

: in tiie

awa

erfonal ouiiai berdii-><5UDiis Ways w and Annu. im$ -

kette

trad

eirin

Re.

laid

Heirs

after

star’s

>

(ooies

oule, i e a Tef-ads,

jeen

the

: fbr •

[ife,

ider

dlf

cc*

ers

sd

th

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 123.

"with Crofs-remainders in Tail-general amongft fuch Daughters 4 Remainder as to all the faid Teftator’s Eftatcs in the County of Middlefex, then in the feveral Tenures or Occupations of Richard Ehlridge, William El-dridgds Executors John Thomas and Samuel Scotts and Thomas Upfddl, to •the Ufe of his the faid deflator’s Great Niece Charlotte A Con for Life ; Remainder to the faid Truftees and their Heirs during her Life, upon the like Trufts for preferring Contingent Remainders; Remainder to the Ufe of her Firft and other Sons feverally and fucceffively, in the Order of Birth, and the Heirs Male of their refpedive Bodies ; Remainder to her Daughter or all her Daughters as Tenants in Common, and the Heirs of the Body and refpedive Bodies of luch Daughter or all fuch Daughters, with Crols-remainders in Tail amongft fuch Daughters; Remainder to the Ufe of his the Teftator’s Second Great Niece, called in his faid Will Henrietta Acton, for Life ; Remainder to the faid Truftees and their Heirs during her Life, upon the like Trufts, for preferring Contingent Remainders ; Remainder to the Ufe of her Firft and other Sons, feverally and fucceffively, in the Order of Birth, and the Heirs Male of their refpedive Bodies; Remainder to all and every the Daughter and Daughters of the faid Henrietta ACon as Tenants in Common in Tail General, with Crofs-remainders in Tail amongft fuch Daughters ; Remainder to the Ufe of the right Heirs of the Body of his the Teftator’s late Niece Caroline Aclon deceafed, with Remainders over; and as to all the Teftator’s faid E dates therein-before limited to the Ufe of the faid Caroline Acton and the Ift'ue of her Body, the fame were limited by the faid Will from and after Default of all fuch Hue of her Body as aforefaid, to the Ufe of the faid Henrietta Aclon for Life ; Remainder to the faid Truftees and their Heirs during her Life, upon the like Trufts for preferving Contingent Remainders ; Remainder to the Ufe of the Firft and other Sons of the faid Henrietta Aclon feverally and fucceffively in the Order of Birth, and the Heirs of their refpedive Bodies; Remainder to the Ufe of the Daughter or all the Daughters of the faid Henrietta AC on as Tenants in Common, in equal Shares, and the Heirs of the Body or refpedive Bodies of fuch Daughter or all fuch Daughters refpediveiy, with Crofs-remainders in Tail amongft fuch Daughters; Remainder to the Ufe of the faid Charlotte ACon for Life; Remainder to the Ufe of the faid Truftees and their Heirs during her Life, upon the like Trufts, to preferve Contingent Remainders ; Remainder to the Ufe of the Firft and other Sons of the faid Charlotte ACon feverally and fucceffively, in the Order of Birth, and the Heirs Male of their refpedive Bodies; Remainder to the Ufe of all and every the Daughter and Daughters of the faid Charlotte ACon as Tenants in Common, and the Heirs of the Body or refpedive Bodies of fuch Daughter or Daughters, with Crofs-remainders in Tail amongft fuch Daughters ; Remainder to the Ufe of the right Heirs of the Body of his the faid Teftator’s late Niece Caroline ACon deceafed, with Remainder over; and the faid Teftator direded that the faid Sum of Six thoufand Pounds fhould be equally divided between his faid Great Nieces Charlotte ACon, Henrietta ACon, and Caroline ACon, and be paid to them refpedively at their refpedive Ages of Twenty-one Years, or Days of Marriage, which fhould firft happen, provided fuch Marriage fhould be with the Confent of their Father, if living ; and the faid Teftator thereby empowered the faid Nathaniel Lee ACon, when he fhould come to and be in the adual Pofleffion of his faid Eftates by virtue of the Limitations aforefaid, to grant a Rent Charge not exceeding Seven hundred and fifty Pounds a Year by way of Jointure for the Life of any Woman

with

*36o	48®	GEORG	11 III. Cap. 123.

tv it'll whom he fhould intermarry, to be i (Tiling out of the faid Eilatos, in Manner and fubje£l to the Rdlnctions mentioned in the kid Will; and the faid Teftator did by his laid Will give Power to the laid Trustees during the Minority of the faid Nathaniel Lee Adon, and to the faid Nathalie! Lee Acton, Charlotte Adon, Henrietta Adon, and Caroline Action, v.hen rJ. cciively in actual Poifelhon, to grant Leaks of any Part of the kid E dates for any Term not exceeding Twenty-one Yeais in Pofleflion and fubjeft to the Redriclions in the laid Will in that Behalf mentioned ; and the faid Tckator by his Taiti Will gave to his Coulin John Turner, Son of Lady Ifahclla Turner, an Annuity of Fifty Pounds during his Life ; to bis the faid Tedator’s Servant George Downes, in cafe he fliould be living with him at the Time of his Deceafe, one Annuity of Twenty Pounds for his Life, and after hisDeccafe an Annuity of Ten Pounds unto

the Wife of the faid George Downes in cafe fhe iurvi red him, to commence from his Death and to continue for her Life ; to Sarah Grigby o ‘I Bury, in the faid County of Suffolk, S pi idler, an Annuity, of Twenty Pounds during her Life ; to Ann Sharpe of Greal Livemere aiorefaid, one Annuity of Eight Pounds during her Life ; and to Charlotte the Wife of Bennett Efquire, Beadle of the Univerfity of Cambridge, one Annuity of 'Pen Guineas during her Life, and charged all his fe:d Manors, Meduages, Land?, Tenements, and Hereditaments, with the Payment of the faid Annuities ; and he aifo declared by his faid Wifi that die Limitations therein-before contained to the Ufe of the faid Nathaniel Lee Aclon and his Heirs were upon the exp refs Condition that the faid Nathaniel Lee A don and his Heirs Male fhould, from and immediately after the Teflator's Deceafe, take upon him and themfelves and conflandy ufe the Surname of Lee before and jointly with the Surname of Aclon; and* he directed the faid Nathaniel Lee Adon as foon as conveniently might be after he fhould have attained the Age of Twenty-one Years, to procure an Act of Parliament to enable him and the Heirs Male of his Body lawfully begotten, to take and ufe the Surname of Lee before and of jointly with the Surname cf Afion: And whereas the faid Teilator Baptijl BeptiliLee. /,£■£ died on or about the Twenty-fourth Day of March One thou land feven hundred and fixty-eight without IlTue, and without having revoked, or altered his faid Will, and the faid Nathaniel Lee Adon having attained the Age of Twenty-one Years, an Act of Parliament was made and palled in the Nineteenth Year cf the Reign of Ilis prefent Majefty, whereby the faid Nathaniel Lee Adon and the Heirs Male ofhis Body were authorized to take and ufe the Surname of Lee in compliance with the faid Will, and the faid Nathaniel Lee Adon hath always ufed the laid Surname agreeable to the Directions of the faid Will: And whereas the faid Baptijl Lee never had any Niece or Great Nieces of the Name of Adon other than the Marriage of laid Caroline Adon and her Daughters: And whereas the faid Caroline Nathamcl Aden the Niece of the faid Tef tor, intermarried with the faid Nathaniel A&on^amT dfion on or about the Twenty-." . enth Day of March One thoufand feven -theirIfTue# hundred and fifty-three, and by Inch Marriage had blue Three Sons (that is to fay) Nathaniel Lee vho ' :-.s bori in the Month of February One thoufand feven hundred and fifty-fix, and died in the Month of March One thoufand feven hundred and fifty-fix, the faid Nathaniel Lee Adon theDcvifee, born in July One thousand feven hundred and fifty-feven, and William Lee Adon who • ts born in the Month of December One thoufand feven hundred and lifty-nii.e, and died in February One thousand feven hunitedand fixty j and Four Daughters(that is to fay) thefaid

Charlotte

48° GEORGII III. Cap, 123.	£j6r

Charlotte Adon her eldeft Daughter born in December One thoufand feven hundred and fifty-three, Harriet Adon her fecond Daughter born in February One thoufand feven hundred and fifty-five, Caroline Aclon her third Daughter born in the Month of Augujl One thoufand feven hundred and fifty-eight, and who died in April One thoufand feven hundred and fixty, and the faid Caroline Adon the Devifee her youngeft Daughter born in April One thoufand feven hundred and fixty-one, and the faid Caroline Adon the Niece was never afterwards married, and never had any Daughter of the Name of Henrietta Adon : And whereas the faid Caroline Difpo/rtion Adon the Daughter, Charlotte Adon, and Harriet Adon, have all attained of Legacy of the Age of Twenty-one Years, and the Shares of the faid Caroline Adon the Daughter and Harriet Adon of the faid Sum of Six thoufand Pounds dire&ed by the faid Will to be railed for the Benefit of the Teftator’s faid GreatNieces, have long fince been paid to them,' but that the Share of the faid Charlotte Adon in the faid Six thoufand Pounds hath not on account of her being in a weak State of Mind, and incapable of giving a Difcharge been paid to her, and the faid Nathaniel Lee Adon hath entered upon and is now in the Pofleflion of the faid devifed Efiates of the laid Baptijl Lee as Tenant for Life thereof, under the Limitations of the faid Will: And Marriage whereas by an Indenture bearing Date the Second Day of March One Settlement, thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, being a Settlement in Confidera-. tion of a Marriage then intended, and fince folemnized between the faid Nathaniel Lee Acton and Penelope his Wife, and made or expreflfed to be made between the faid Nathaniel Adon oftheFirft Part; the faid Nathaniel Lee Adon of the Second Part; the faid Penelope his Wife, by her then Name of Penelope Rycroft Spinfter, of tile Third Part; Sir Nelfon Rycroft Baronet, and Richard Stonehewer Efquire, of the Fourth Part; and the Reverend Combe Miller, Dean of the Cathedral Church of Chichejler, and Nathaniel Colvill Efquire, of the Fifth Part; the faid Nathaniel Lee Adon, in cxercife of his Power under the faid Will, granted, limited, and appointed to the faid Penelope his Wife a yearly Rent Charge of Seven hundred and fifty Pounds for her Jointure, to be ilfuing out of the faid devifed Eftates of the faid Baptijl Lee, and payable to her during her Life if Ihe ftiould furvive the faid Nathaniel Lee Adon, with Power for her to enter upon the faid Eftates, and diftrain for recovering the Arrears of the faid Rent Charge : And whereas the faid Nathaniel Lee Adon intermarried with the faid Penelope Rycroft on the Third Day of March One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one: And whereas the faid John Turner,

GeorgeDownes and	his Wife, Sarah Grigby, Anne Sbarpe,znd Char- Devifees in

lotte Bennett, the Annuitants, are all dead: And whereas the faid Devifees Truft dead, in Truft, Nathaniel Adon, Jofepb Lathbury, and Peter Lathbury, are dead, and Convey-the faid Jofepb Lathbury having furvived the faid Nathaniel Adon and Peter Hefr at La^ Lathbury, and fince the Death of the faid Jofepb Lathbury by Indentures of Qf J,c Leafe and Releafe bearing Date refpe&ively the Thirtieth and Thirty-firft ingTruace* Days of January One thoufand eight hundred and fix, the Releafe being totheremain-of Three Parts, and made between the Reverend Peter Lathi ury the Nephew and Heir at Law of the faid Jofepb Lathbury of the Firft^Part; the 1 faid Nathaniel Lee Adon of the Second Part; and James Sayers]Gentleman, of the Third Part; the faid Peter Lathbury the Party, bargained, fold, and releafed unto the faid James Sayers and his Heirs, all and fingular the Manors, Advowfons, Reftories, Meftiiages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Great and Little Liver mere, Lawjhall, Great Whelnetham, and other Places in the County of Suffolk, and in London, Middlefex, and [Loc. fVr.]	26^	Surrey,

2362	48°GEORGII	III.	Cap,	123.

Surrey, and elfewhere in England, wirh the Appurtenances comprized in the faid Will of the faid Baptift Lee, and thereby devifed to the faid Nathaniel Aden, Jofepk Lathbury, and Peter Lathbury deceafed, and their Heirs ; to hold unto the faid James Sayers and his Heirs, to fuch Ufes, upon fuch Trufts, and to and for fuch Intents and Purpofes, and under and fubjeft to fuch Rent Charge and other Charges, Powers of Entry and Diftrefs, and other Powers, Conditions, Limitations, Provifoes, and Declarations as were in and by the faid Will, or by virtue or in purfuance of the fame, exprefied, declared, created, or limited, of, upon, or concerning the faid Manors, Advowfons, Re&ories, Mefluages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premifes refpe&ively, to take Effed or to arife from or after the raifing of the faid Sum of Six thoufand Pounds as aforefaid, or to, for, upon, or under and fubjeft to fuch and fo many of the fame Ufes, Trufls, Intents, and Purpofes, Charges, Powers, Conditions, Limitations, Provifoes, and Declarations as were fubfifting and undetermined or capable of taking Effeft, or as near thereto as the Deaths ?e?A<ao ^>art^es anc^ ot^er intervening Events would admit of : And whereas hath no iflfae t^le Nathaniel Lee Adon hath never had any Iilue, and the faid Caroline Adon the Daughter has never been married, and the faid Harriet Adon hath intermarried with and now is the Wife of Sir William Middleton Baronet, and hath I flue Two Children only, videlicet, William Fowle Middleton her only Son, who has attained the Age of Twenty-one Years, and One Daughter, Sarah Louifa ; and the faid Nathaniel Lee Adon is the only Son and Heir of the Body of the faid Teftator’s Niece Caroline Adon deceafed ; and the faid Charlotte Adon the Devifee for Life in Remainder in the faid Will has never been married, and is now deprived of her Reafon, but no Eftate of the Commiflion of Lunacy has been iflued againft her: And whereas Part of Teftator in	the faid Eftates of the faid Baptijl Lee contained in and devifed by the faid

Hackn	Will, confifts of feveral Parcels of Land lying at or near the Town of

1	Hackney,	in the County of Middlefex, particularly mentioned and deferibed

in the Schedule hereunto annexed, and now let to Tenants at Will for the common Purpofes of Occupation, and upon a fmall Part of which there are feveral very old Houfes, Sheds, and fmall Buildings, in a ruinous and decayed State, but the faid Parcels of Lands are fituate in a populous and improving Neighbourhood, and are convenient for building upon ; and it being apprehended that they may be leafed for the Purpofe of building upon Terms highly advantageous and beneficial to all Parties interefted, the faid Nathaniel Lee Adon and Penelope his Wife, Caroline Adon, Sir William Middleton, and Dame Harriet Middleton his Wife, and the faid William Fowle Middleton, are refpedtively defirous that a Power of granting fuch Leafes fhould be veiled in the faid Nathaniel Lee Adon, and in the Perfon or Perfons who Ihall from Time to Time be entitled beneficially to an Eftate of Freehold or Inheritance in Pofleflion in the faid Lands for the Time being; but inafmuch as no Power to grant Leafes for any Term longer than Twenty-one Years in Pofleflion is given by the faid Will of the faid Baptiji Lee, and by Reafon of the ftrid Limitations of the faid Will the fame cannot be effe&uated without the Aid and Authority of Parliament : Therefore Your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal Subjects the faid Nathaniel Lee Adon and Penelope his Wife, Caroline Adon, S:r William Middleten and Dame Harriet Middleton his Wife, and the faid William Fowle Middleton, do moft humbly befeech Your Majefty that it may be ena&ed j and be it enabled by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and wih the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and 1	Commons,

48° GEORGII ill. Cap. 123.	2363

Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That immediately from and after the palling of this A61 it fhall Building and may be lawful to and for the faid 'Nathaniel Lee A don during his Life, Leafes may being entitled as Tenant for Life in PofTeflion under and by virtue of the begranted’ Limitations of the faid Will of the faid BaptiJILee, and of the faid Indentures of the Thirtieth andThirty-firft of January One thoufand eight hundred and fix, and after the Death of the faid Nathaniel Lee Adon, to and for fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall from Time to Time thereafter for the Time being be beneficially entitled under and by virtue of the Limitations of the faid Will and the faid Indentures as Tenants for Life in PofTeflion, if fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall be of the Age of Twenty-one Years, or if not, to and for his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians for the Time being, either teftamentary or appointed by the High Conrt of Chancery; and if the faid Charlotte Adon, being entitled as aforefaid as Tenant for Life in PofTeflion, fhall be of unfound Mind, to and for her Committee or Committees for the Time being, appointed by the High Court of Chancery, to contract and agree to let unto any Perfon or Perfons willing to take the fame for the Purpofe of building thereon any Houfe or Houfes or other Buildings, and for making fuitable and convenient Yards, Areas, and Gardens, or other Conveniences to the fame, any Part or Parts of the faid Lands and Hereditaments (including the Scite of the faid old Houfes and Buildings, and with Liberty to pull down the fame and ufe the Material thereof) comprized in the laid Schedule, for any Term not exceeding Ninety-niipe Years from the Date of fuch Contract or Agreement, to take Effe£t in PofTeflion and not in Remainder or by Way of future Intereft, and at and under the belt yearly Rent or Rents that can be reafonably had or gotten at the Time of fuch Contract or Agreement for the Lands to be therein comprized for the Purpofe aforefaid, without taking any Sum of Money or other Thing by way of Fine,

Premium, or Foregift, for or in refpe£t of the fame, and afterwards from Time to Time when and as the Land fo agreed to be let or any Part thereof fhall be built upon in the Manner to be ftipulated in any fuch Contract or Agreement, and the Buildings fhall be covered in by One or ipore Indenture or Indentures, to demife and leafe the Land fo agreed to be let, or fuch Part or Parts thereof as fhall be fo built upon, together with the Houfe or Houfes and other Buildings thereupon erefted and built, unto the Perfons or Perfon contra&ing to take the fame as aforefaid, or unto fuch other Perfon or Perfons as they fhall nominate and appoint in that Behalf, for and during the Remainder of the Term to be fpecified in fuch Contrail or Agreement, and in fuch Parts or Parcels and under and fubject to fuch Parts and Proportions of the yearly Rent or Rents to be fpecified in fuch Contract or Agreement as fhall be thought proper and convenient, but fo that the yearly Rent to be referved upon any fuch Leafe do not exceed One Sixth Part of the clear yearly Rack Rent or Value of the Land and Buildings to be thereby demifed and be not lefs than Forty Shillings ; provided always, that if the yearly Rent or Rents to be referved upon the Leafe or Leafes to be granted of any Part or Parts only of the Land comprized and agreed to be let in and by any fuch Contraft or Agreement as aforefaid, fhall amount to or make up the full yearly Rent or Sum therein ftipulated to be paid for the Whole of fuch Land, then and in fuch Cafe the Remainder of fuch Land, or any Part or Parts thereof fhall and may from Time to Time when and as the fame fhall be built upon in the Manner aforefaid, be demifed and leafed together with the

Houfes

236+

48<'GEORGII III, Cap. 123.

Houfes and Buildings thereupon erected, at the yearly Rent of a Pepper Corn only; provided always, that eveiy fueh Conti aft or Agreement as aforefaid fhall be in Writing, and that in every fuch Contraft or Agree* ment there fhall be inferted a Claufe or Condition of Re-entry into fuch Part or Parts of the Land therein comprized and agreed to be let as fhall not be built upon in the Manner therein ftipulated within a reafonable Time to be therein appointed for that Purpofe; and in every Leafe to be made in purfuanceand by virtue of this Aft: the yearly Rent or Rents to be thereby referved, fhall be referred and made payable during the Continuance thereof by Four equal Quarterly Payments, andfo as to be incident to and go along with the Reverlion immediately expeftant on the Determination of fuch Leafe, and that there fhall not be received or taken any Sum of Money or otherThing by way of Fine, Premium, or Foregift for or in refpeft of any fuch Leafe, and that in every fuch Leafe there fhall be contained a Condition of Re-entry for Non-payment of the Rent or Rents to be thereby referved or any Part thereof for the Space of Thirty Days or lefs after the fame fhall become due, and alfo for Default of completing and finifhing the Houfe or Houfes, or other Buildings thereby de-mifed, if the fame be not completed and finifhed before the granting of fuch Leafe, within a reafonable Time to be fpecified for that Purpofe, and that the Leffee or Leffeesto be named in any fuch Leafe, or his, her, or their Executors, Adminiflrators, or Afiigns, be not thereby exprefsly made dif-punifhable for Wafte other than fuch as muff neceffarily happen by erecting any Buildings, and making fuch Yards, Areas, Gard ns, and Conveniences as aforefaid, and that the Leffee or Leffees to be named in every fuch Leafe, do feal and deliver a Counterpart thereof to the faid 'Nathaniel Lee Aden, or other the Leffor or Leffors for the Time being, and that the Leffee or Leffees do thereby enter into proper Covenants for the due Payment of the Rent or Rents, and for the completing of the Houfe or Houfes, or other Buildings thereby demifed (if not already completed and finifhed) within a reafonable Time to be fpecified for that Purpofe, and alfo for the repairing and keeping in Repair of fuch Houfe or Houfes, or other Buildings during the Term to be demifed, and that a Memorial of every fuch Leafe, and alfo of every Contraft or Agreement to be made by virtue and in pursuance of this Aft as aforefaid, fhall within Two Calendar Monthsafter theDayofthe Date thereof refpeftively be regiftered at thePub-lic Office, and in the Manner and Form appointed and prescribed by the Aft of the Seventh Year of the Reign of Her Majefty Queen Anne for the re-giftering of Deeds and Conveyances afi'efting Lands in the County of Mid-dlefex, and that every fuch Memorial fhall contain a full Defcription of the Land and Hereditaments comprized in the Leafe, Contract, or Agreement therein mentioned or referred to, and fhall fpecify the Term of Years, in and by fuch Leafe, Contract, or Agreement demifed or agreed to be demifed, and the yearly Rent or Rents thereby referved or agreed to be referved.

Perfons enti- II. And be it further enafted. That if the faid Nathaniel Lee Adon, or tied to the any other Perfon for the Time being entitled to the Reverfion immedi-a^on'lle- atety expeftant on the Determination of any Leafe to be granted by Sry upon virtue and in purfuance of this Aft, fhall at any Time hereafter re-enter the Premifes, upon and refume the PofTefiion of the Land and Buildings comprized £ran_t	in fuch Leafe under and by virtue of the Condition of Re-entry therein

ea e*‘ contained, either for Non-payment of the Rent thereby referved, or for

Default

23 "5

4.8® G EORGII III. Cap. 123.

Default of completing or finiftting or repairing the Buildings therein comprized, or for any other Caufe, then and in every fuch Cafe it jQiall and may be lawful to and for the faid Nathaniel Lee A ft on > or other the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being hereby authorized to make fuch Leafe or Leafes as aforefaid, by Indenture or Indentures to demife and leafe the Land and Buildings whereof the Poffefiion {hall be fo refumed, unto any Perfon or Perfons who {hall be willing to take the fame, for any Term not exceeding the Number of Years then to come of the Term demifed by the original Leafe thereof to be granted in purfuance of this Aft, at and under the beft yearly Rent that can be reasonably had or gotten for the lame, without taking any Sum of Money or other Thing by way of Fine, Premium, or Foregift in refpeft thereof, upon any Pretence whatfoever, and upon Condition that the Leflee or Leffees do and {hall complete and finidi the Buildings if unfinished* or put the fame into a State of complete Repair if in want thereof, within a rea-fonable Time to be appointed for that Purpofe: Provided always, that every Leafe to be madeaslaft mentioned {hall alfo be under and fubjcft to all fuch Conditions and Reftriftions as are herein-before fpecified and pre-fcribed with regard to the original Leafes	to	be granted in purfuance

and by virtue of this Aft, or fuch of them	as	{hall be applicable to the

Circumfiances of the Cafe.

III.	And be it further enafted, That itfhall and may be lawful to and for perfons em-

the laid Nathaniel Lee Afton, or other the Perfon or Perfons for the Time powered to being, authorized and empowered by this	Aft to grant , fuch Leafes. as grant^Lcales,

aforefaid, as there {hall be Occafion, to	fet'	out a competent Part of	^ for*

the faid Lands comprized in the faid Schedule for Roads, Streets, Ways, or Roads, etc. ' Avenues, in fuch Manner as {hall be thought neceflary for the Ufe and Convenience of the Occupiers of the Houfes and other Buildings to be

erected on the fame Lands as aforefaid.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That every Demife and Leafe to be made Demifes or in purfuance of this Aft {hall be good and efteftual in the Law, and that the Brafe* to be Leflees to be in fuch Demifes or Leafes refpeftively named, their refpeftive goo<iin ,Law* Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afiigns, paying the Rent or Rents, and Refervations thereof, refpeftively referved or made payable, and performing the Covenants, Conditions, and Agreements therein on their Parts refpeftively contained, {hall and may hold and enjoy the Premifes fo to

them refpeftively demiled or leafed, according to the Purport of fuch Demifes or Leafes refpeftively ; and that every Contract or Agreement to demife or leafe to be entered into in purfuance of this Aft, {hall be as good and available as if the Perfon or Perfons fo contrafting to demife was or were at the Time of executing every fuch Contraft feifed of the abfolute Fee Simple and Inheritance of the Land and Premifes thereby contrafted to be demifed as aforefaid.	,

V.	Saving always to the King’s raoft Excellent Majefly, His Heirs and General Succefiors, and to all and every other Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Politic Saving, and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Succeffors, Executors, and Adminiftrators (oiher than and except the faid Nathaniel Lee Afton and

the faid Penelope his Wife, and the firft and other Sons of the faid Nathaniel Lee Afton, and the Heirs Male of their refpeftive Bodies, and the firft and other Daughters of the faid Nathaniel Lee Afton and [Loc. fcf Per.] %	26	R	the

2366	4^*	GEORGII III. Cap. 123.

the Heirs Male of their refpeftive Bodies, and the faid Caroline Aden the Daughter, and the Firft and other Sons of the faid Caroline A£1 on, and the Heirs Male of their refpeftive Bodies, and the Daughters of the faid Caroline A ft on, and the Heirs of their Bodies, and the faid Charlotte Afton, and her Firft and other Sons, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies, and the Daughters of the faid Charlotte Afton, and the Heirs of their Bodies, and the faid Sir William Middleton and Dame Harriet Middleton his Wife, and the faid William Fowle Middleton, and the Heirs Male of his Body, and all other the Sons of the faid Dame Harriet Middleton, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies, and all the Daughters of the faid Dame Harriet Middleton, and the Heirs of their Bodies, and alfo the Heirs of. the Body of the faid Caroline Afton deceafed, and the Heirs and Afiigns of the faid Nathaniel Lee Afton, and the Truftees or Truftee for the Time being under the Will of the faid Baptijl Lee, or the faid Indentures of Leafe and Releafe of the Thirtieth and Thirty-firft Days of January One thoufand eight hundred and fix, for preferving the Contingent Remainders thereby devifed or limited, and their Heirs, and all and every other Perfons and Perfon whomfoever, claiming or to claim any Eftate, Right, Title, Intereft, Claim and Demand of, in, to, or out of the faid Lands comprized in the faid Schedule hereto annexed, under the faid Will of the faid Bapti/l Lee; or the faid Indentures of Leafe and Releafe of the Thirtieth and Thirty-firft Days of January One thoufand eight hundred and fix,) all fuch Eftates, Rights, and Interefts as they or any of them have or hath or could have held and enjoyed in cafe this prefent Aft had not been made.

Ad to be VI. And be it enafted. That this Aft fhal! be printed by the Printer to

P-£nbJ ^e King’s m°ft Excellent Majefty, and a Copy thereof fo printed fhali be

Printer"2 S admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Juftices, and others.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. \2i

2367

The SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Act refers:

NAMES of PLACES

NAMES of TENANTS.

J3ACKNEY

Near Hackney, at HAGGERSTONE, I

in the Parifh of St. j Leonard, Shoreditch J

A*. HOXTON

•}

R* Eldridge, now Jn° Aird

Formerly Thomas Upfdell,

J hn Scott,'I'ho‘ Scott,)

and Samuel Scott, Jofeph Wigg

Formerly in the Occupa-'i tion of Meffrs. Scott, now of Jofeph Wigg J

Clofe of Land

Another Clofe

Another Clofe

Another Clofe

Gardens

Houfes and Sheds, Yards'* and Gardens, called > Haggeritone -	-	J

Black Horfe Field

Cartway from the Road i

to Haggerftone - J		0	1	24
The	4 Acre Field -	4	0	26
The	5 Acre Field -	5	3	12
The	10 Acre Field •	9	.	33
The	9 Acre Field -	u	<	33
The	nearer 12 Acre Field	10	2	16
The	further 12 Acre Field	13	■	29
The	19 Acre Field	20	3	20
A Piece of Land - -		a	0	9

' 3S2 to <1

John Edward.:*

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majefty. 1808.

. iv.j	I	i	,b'vii>*?r

• 1 i t	imo)

u	aij\	,	;.J .s&vfeei bab&

dn R 1m	Jo

'■	yi*.1	1	■	.	eatfii'sM M.*1—r»tl

.	.	L:*aok ■ :'VN\

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.



Cap. 124.

An A<fl for veiling the Share of Thomas Knight Cook, an Infant, of and in the Eftates late of the Reverend Thomas Knight Clerk, deceaftd, in Trullees, upon Truft to carry the Contrafts entered into for the Sale thereof into Execution, or otherwife to fell and difpofe of the fame, and for inverting the Money to arife therefrom, under the Direction of the- Court of Chancery, in the Purchafe of other Lands, to be conveyed to the Ufe of him the faid Thomas Knight and his Heirs.	[18th	June	1808.]

WHEREAS the Reverend Thomas Knight, late of the Parifti of Wifi of tiic

Ca/ile Morton in the County of Worcejter Clerk deceafed, in and Knmhth riau*d by his laft Will and Teftainent in Writing duly executed and i.thjnric attefted, bearing Date on or about the Eleventh Day of June One thoufand 1/9j lecitwi. feven hundred and ninety-three, after reciting that he was feifed of or entitled to divers Lands, Tenements, and Real Eftates fituate in the Counties of Gloucejier, Somerfet, and Wilts, and in the City of Brijlol, and alfo of a Freehold Meffuage and Lands fituate at Jcyfield in the Parifti of Cajile Morton aforefaid, and charging the fame feveral Real Eftates with the Payment of all fuch Part and Parts of his Debts and Funeral Expences, and the Legacies of Two hundred Pounds a Piece to each of his Seven Grandchildren as his Perfonal Eftate not therein after fpeciftcaily given at ILoc.& hr^	26 S	the

2370

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 124.

the Time of his Death fhould be infufficient fully to pay and fatisfy, and fo charged and chargeable therewith, he declared that as to the laid Real Dilates in the faid Counties of Gloucejler and Wilts, he gave and deviled the fame, and alfo the faid Mefftiage and Lands at Joyfield aforefaid, and all other his Real Dilates in the faid Counties of Gloucejler, Somerfet, and H i ts, and in the City of Brijlol and elfewhere, unto his Two Daughters, Ann then the Wife of Thomas Webb the Elder of Berrow, in the faid County of Worcejler and Ledbury in the County of Hereford Banker, and Hannah then the Wife of Habakkuk Cook of Longdon in the faid County of Worcejler Gentleman, and their refpe&ive Affigns, during their re-fpective na ural Lives, in equal undivided Moieties, Share and Share alike, as Tenants in common and not as joint Tenants, and from and after the Deceafe of either of his faid Daughters, and when and as they fhould refpeCtively depart this Life, he gave and devifed the Part or Moiety of her fo dying unto the Chilu (if only One) or unto, amongfl, or between all and every the Children of his faid Two Daughters (if more than One) which fhould be then living. Share and Share alike as 'Tenants in common and not as joint Tenants, and to the Heirs of fuch Child or Children, but if any Child or Children of his faid Two Daughters refpeHivcly (if more than One) fhould depart this Life in the Lifetime of either of his laid Two Daughters under the Age of Twenty-one Years without leaving lawful Iffue of his, her, or their Bodies refpe&ively, him, her, or them furviving, then the faid ri eflator gave and devifed the Part or Share of fuch Child or Children fo dying as aforefaid to the furviving Children of his faid Two Daughters Share and Share alike, as Tenants in common as aforefaid, and to his, her, or their refpedtive Heirs, fubjeCt neverthelefs as to fuch' accruing Parts or Shares of fuch Real Eftates to the fame Conditions and Survivorlhip as his or their refpeclive original Parts or Shares of the fame Edates were therem-before made fubjeCt to in cafe of his, her, or their refpeClive Deaths under the Circumflances therein above-mentioned, it being his Will that the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the faid Two Moieties or the Intirety of the faid Real Eflates fhould go equally amongfl all the Children (if more than One) of his faid Two Daughters who fhould furvivethem and attain their refpe&ive Ages of Twenty-one Years, or die under that Age in the Lifetime of his faid Two Daughters or the Survivor of them leaving lawful Iffue, and in cafe all the Children of his faid Two Daughters fhould depart this Life under the Age of Twenty-one Years without leaving lawful Iffue them furviving, then the faid 'Deflator gave all the faid Real Ellates fo fubject as aforefaid to his own right Heirs for ever, fubjecl to a Provifo, and the faid 'Deflator did declare his Will and Mind to be that in cafe the faid Habakkuk Cook and Thomas Webb or either of them fhould furvive his refpeclive Wife, fuch Huff band or Hufbands fo furviving fhould each of them (if both fhould fo furvive) be entitled to take and receive out of the Moiety or Half Part of the faid Real Eflates fo given and devifed as thereinbefore mentioned, to his refpeclive Wife, and the faid Teflator did thereby in fuch cafe give and devife to each of fuch Hufbands fo furviving his faid Wife and his Affigns One Annuity or yearly Sum of Fifty Pounds during his natural Life, to be iffuing and payable out of the faid Moiety of his refpeclive Wife, of and in fuch Real Eflate, payable at the Times and in the Manner therein mentioned, and with fuch Powers and Remedies for receiving and recovering the laid Annuities when in Arrear as are therein in that Behalf contained, and the laid Deflator appointed his Sons-in-Law the faid Habakkuk Cook, and Thomas

6	Webb

4S0 GEORGII III. Cdp. 124.

Webb the elder, Executors of his faid Will: And whereas the faid Teflator Thomas Knight departed this Life in the Month of Augitft One thoiifand feven hundred and ninety three, without revoking or altering his faid Will, leaving his faid Two Daughters the faid Hannah Cook then the Wife of the faid Habakkuk Cook* and Ann Webb, then the Wife of the faid Thomas Webb the elder, his Co-heirefies at Law ; and thereupon the faid Executors of the faid Will duly proved the fame in the Prerogative Court of the Arch-bifnop of Canterbury: And whereas at the Time of the Date and Publication of the faid recited Will, and alfo at the Deceafe of the faid Teflator, his faid Daughter Hannah Cook, the Wife of the faid Habakkuk, had Five Children, namely Thomas Cook otherwife called Thomas Knight Cook '(fines deceafed) her only Son, and Elizabeth, now the Wife of Jofeph White Gentleman, Ann now the Wife of William Rayer Gentleman, Anna now the Wife of John Berkeley Gentleman, and Mary now the Wife of William White Gentleman, her Four Daughters, and the faid Ann Webb, the Wife of the laid Thomas Webb the elder, had Two Children, namely, Thomas Webb the younger, and Anna now the Wife of John Merrett Stephens Banker, and neither of the faid Teftator’s Daughters had any other Mue afterwards: And whereas the faid Ann Webb the Wife of the faid Thomas Webb the elder departed this Life in the Month of June Onk thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five, leaving her Hufband the faid Thomas Webb the elder, and her faid Two Children by him, namely, the faid Thomas Webb the younger, and /Inna the Wife of the faid John Merrett Stephens her furviving, whereupon the faid Thomas Webb the elder,- became entitled for his Life to the faid Annuity of Fifty Pounds, by the faid recited Will given or devifed to him in that Event, out of the Moiety of the faid Ann his late Wife of and in the faid Eftates devifed by the faid recited Will: And whereas the fard Thomas Cook, otherwife called Thomas Knight Cook, thecnly Son of the faid Hannah Cook furvived the faid Ann Webb, but afterwards d parted this Life intcllate leaving his Wife Judith Cook and Four Children Mue by her, namely, the faid Thomas Knight Cook his only Son and Heir at Law, now an Infant, and Three Daughters, Marianne Cook, Judith Cook, and Hannah Cook, Infants him furviving, and thereupon the undivided One-feventh Part or oilier Share which under the faid recited Will veiled in the faid Thomas Cook, otherwife called Thomas Knight Cook decealed, as One oflhe Five Children of the faid Hannah Cook, and One of the Seven Grandchildren of the faid Teftator, of and in the faid Real Eftates devifed by the faid recited Will in Remainder as aforefaid, and fuch other Eftate, if any, as he might have therein defeended to his only Son, the faid Thomas Knight Cook, the Infant, as his Heir at Law : And whereas the laid Habakkuk Cook, and Hannah his Wife, Jofeph White and Elizabeth liis Wife, William Rayer and Ami his Wife, John Berkeley and Anna his Wife, William White and Mary his Wife, (the faid Elizabeth White, Ann Rayer, Anna Berkeley and Mary White, being the only furviving Children of the faid Hannah Cook), and the faid Thomas Webb the younger, and the faid John Merrett Stephens and Anna his Wife, (the faid Thomas Webb the younger and Anna Stephens being the only Children 0/ the M\d.,Ann Webb), and alfo the faid Thomas Webb the elder, being of Opinion that it would be greatly to the Advantage of all Parties entitled to undivided Shares of and in the faid Real Eftates, late of the faid Teftator Thomas Knight deceafed, that the fame Eftates fhould be fold, and the Monies arifmg therefrom laid out or inverted in the Funds, or upon Securities* in Truft for all Parties interefted in the faid Eftates, or otherwife divided and applied to and for

their

48“ GEORG II III. , Cap. 124.

their Benefit feccohling to their refpedive Shares and Interefts in the faid Eftates inhead holding she fame Eftates in undivided Shares, or proceeding' to an expenfive Partition thereof, and being alfo willing and defirous that fhefaid Thorny Knight Cook, (the Infant Son and Heir of the laid Thomas Cook otherwife called Thomas Knight Cook deceafed,) Ihould be confidered .as (entitled to the Benefit of One,full Seyenth Part of the fame Eftates, the) the Hid Habakkuk Cook, Jofeph White, William Rayer, John. Berkeley air! William White, on Behalf of rheinfelves refpedively, and thhr refpedm Wives, and the faid Thomas Webb the elder, and Thomas Webb the Younger, and John Merrett Stephens on Behalf of himlelf and his faid Wife, entered into an Agreement on or about the Ninth Day of February One thpufand eight hundred and feven, whereby they mutually ag.eed that the faid Eftates late of the faid Thomas Knight fhould be fold, but in regard that fuch Sale could not be perfected as to the Share of the faid Thomas Knight C ck the Infant (therein called Thomas Cooky, without the Aid of an Ad of Parliament; it was mutually agreed by and between the faid Parties thereto, that an Application fhould be made. to Parliament as foon as might be, to obtain an Act to effed or confirm fuch Sale of the faid Eftates, as to the Share of the faid Ihomas Knight Cook the Infant therein, and that by and out of the Money to arife from fuch Sale of the faid El’ates, a iufficient Part thereof to produce Six hundred Pounds a Year in the Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated Bank Annuities, fhould be inverted in the Names of Truftees in Truft for the Benefit of the faid Hannah Cook during her Life, in lieu of her Life Ertate or Intereft in a Moiety • f the. laid Eftates, and that a Sum fufficient to produce Fifty Pounds a Year to the faid Thomas Webb the elder, for his Life, fhould be inverted in the faid Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated Bank Annuities, and that in cafe of the Death of the laid Hannah Cook in the Lifetime of her faiu Hufband, a fufficient Part of the Money or Fund fo to be inverted in the faid Three Pounds per Centujn Confolidated Bank Annuities to anfwer the faid Annuity to the faid Hannah Cock, fhould be appropriated or remain in Truft for fecuring an Annuity of Fifty Pounds to the faid Habakkuk Cook for his Life, to commence after the Deceafe of the faid Hannah his Wife, and that a Seventh Part of the Refidue of the Monies to arife from the Sale of the faid Eftates, and alfo a Seventh Part of the Truft Funds fo inverted to anfwer the faid Annuities, (after the Determination of fuch Annuities, fhould be appropriated as the Share of the faid Thomas Knight Cook the Infant upon Truft to be laid out in the Purehafe of Lands to be fettled to the Ufe of him the faid Thomas Knight Cook and his Heirs, or otherwife as and for and in lieu of his Share in the faid devifed Eftates, in fuch Manner as by the Ad of Parliament fo to be obtained for the Sale of his Share of the faid Eftates, fhould be enaded or direded in regard thereto, and that the other Six Seventh Parts or Shares of the Refidue of the Monies to arife from the Sale of the faid Eftates, ' and alfo of the Truft Funds or Annuities fo to be appropriated to anfwer and pay the faid Annual Sums to' the faid Hannah Cook, Thomas Webb the elder, and Habakkuk Cook, (Tub-jed to and after the Determination of their refpedive Annuities) fhould be paid or transferred, divided and fettled in the Proportions and Manner therein mentioned : And whereas in puifuance of the laid Agreement the faid Ellies were put up to Sale in Lots by Public Audion, Part thereof at the White Lion in the City of Brijloi ; other Part thereof at tile Bear Inn'' i& Devizcs in the County of Wilts ; other Part thereof at the S&an'lirn in ' Wooiton under Edge in the County of Gloucc/hr : other Part thereof at the •

-•	-	Y;’	Bell'

48'GEORGIi III. Gap. i24.

Bell Inn in the City of Gloucefter, and the other Part thereof at the Feathert Inn in the Parifli oj Cajllemorton aforefaid, purfuant to many Advertifements publifhed thereof in the London and Country Newfpapers, and at which laid Auctions or Sales divers Perfons were as the be (I Bidders for declared to be PurchaferS of fundry of the faid Lots, and the Refidue of the Lots not difpofed of at fuch Auctions were immediately Or very foon afterwards fold or agreed to be fold by private Contra&s, and Agreements in Writing were thereupon entered into to complete fuch Sales: And whereas after the faid Sales, videlicet, on or about the Firft Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and eight; the faid Hannah Cook the Wife of the faid Habakkuk Cook departed this Life, leaving her faid Hu (band and Four Daughters her furviving, and alfo leaving her Grandfon the faid Thomas Knight Cook the Infant, her Heir at Law: And whereas by a certain Indenture of Bargain and Sale (inrolled in the High Court of Chancery), bearing Date on or about the Fifteenth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and eight, and expreflfed to be made between the faid Jofeph White and Elizabeth his Wife, William Rayer and Ann his Wife, John Berkeley and Anna his Wife, William White and Mary his W ife, the faid Thortias Webb the younger, and John Merrett Stephens and Anna his Wile, of the Firft Part; the faid Habakkuk Cook and Thomas Webb the elder of the Second Part; and Anthony Lechmere of the Rhydd in the Parifli of Hanley Cajlle in the County of Worcefter Lfquire, and Francis Workman of Main-Jlone Court in the Parifli of Pixtey in the faid County of Hereford Efquire, (Truftees appointed for the Purpofes therein-after mentioned) of the Third Part; after reciting thereimthe faid recited Will, and alfo reciting that the Perfcnal Eftate of the faid Teftator Thomas Knight was much more than fufficient to pay his Debts, Funeral Expences, and Legacies ; and that all fuch Debts, Funeral Expences, and Legacies, had been duly paid and fatisfied thereout, and otherwife reciting as therein is recited hereinbefore dated, it was and is witnefled, that in purfuance of the aforefaid Agreement and for the Conditions therein expreffed, they the faid Jofeph White and Elizabeth his Wife, William Rayer and Ann his Wife, John Berkeley and Anna his Wife, William White and Mary his Wife, Habakkuk Cook, Thomas Webb the elder, Thomas Webb the younger, and John Merrett Stephens and Anna his Wife, did, by the faid Indenture of Bargain and Sale now in Recital, and by Six feveral Fines thereby covenanted to be levied, and which have been fmee duly levied, accordingly grant, bargain, fell, or otherwife convey and allure (according to their refpe&ive Eiiates and Intereft therein) all that and thofe the Capital and other Meffuages-or Tenements, Cottages, Lands, Tythes, and Hereditaments late of the faid Teftator Thomas Knight deceafed, fituate, lying, and being in Thornhury in the faid County of Gloucejler and in Kingfiaood, Bijhops Canning, otherwife Cannings, Bijhop Roude and Melkfleam in the County of Wilts, and in Port bury in die County of Somerfet, and in Cajllemorton in the County of Worcejler, and alfo in the Cities of Briftol and Qlouccftcr or in the Counties of the fame Cities refpeclively, and in the faid Indenture now in Recital particularly mentioned and deferibed; and all which faid Capital and other Mefluages, Tenements, Cottages, Lands, Tythes, and Hereditaments are therein mentioned to be recapitulated, and the greater Parr thereof more particularly mentioned and deferibed according to their prefent Names, Quantities* Qualities, and Situations in the Schedule thereunto annexed or lubjoined,-and all other the Capital and other Mefluages or Tenements, Cottages, Lands, Tythes, Hereditaments, and Premifes whereof or whereto the faid-Thomas Knight died Ceded or entitled in Poifeflion, R ever (ion, Remainder,

|mLoc. & Perl}	26 T	o\

2374

481 GEORG 11 III. Cap. 124.

or Expe&ancy, fituate in the feveral Parithes and Places iherein mentioned; with all the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging or appertaining, unto and to the Ufe of the laid Anthony Lechmere and Francis Workman, their Heirs and Afiigns foi ever, upon the feveral Trulls and to and for the Intents and Purpofes in and by the faid Indenture of Bargain and Sale now in Recital expreffed and declared or referred to and herein-after in Part recited (that is to fay) Upon Truff that they the faid Anthony Lechmere and Francis Workman, or the Survivor of them, his Heirs or Afiigns, fhould, as foon as conveniently might be, perform or carry into Execution fuch Sales or Contradts entered into for the Sale and Diipofal thereof refpef ively to the feveral Purchafers for the Sums bid or agreed to be paid for the fame, and receive and recover the Purchafe Monies thereof, and thereupon convey and allure the fame Lots or Hereditaments with the Appurtenances unto and to the Ufe of the refpe&ive Purchafers thereof and their, his, or her Heirs and Aliigns for ever* or make and execute fuch Conveyances thereof as fuch Purchafers or their Counfel Ihould advife; and as to all fuch Lots or Parts thereof fo fold or contracted to be lold as afbrefaid, whereof the Contrafls for the Sale thereof could not be enforced, or which by Confent or otherwife might be relinquilhed, upon Trull that they the faid Anthony Lechmere and Francis Workman or the Survivor of them, his Heirs or Afiigns, Ihould as foon as convenient ly might be, fell and abfolutely difpofe of the fame Lots or Hereditaments and fuch other Parts of the faid Premifes as might remain unfold, and the Inheritance in Fee Simple thereof, either together or in Parcels, by public Sale or Auction or Private Contradf, unto any Perfon or Perlons who Ihould be willing to become the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof rcfpe&ively for the moll Money that could be reafonably had for the fame, and in Confidcration of fuch Purchafe Money thereof Ihould convey and afl'ure the fame lad-mentioned Hereditaments and Premifes unto and to the Ufe of fuch Purchafer or Purchafers thereof, his, her, or their Heirs and Afiigns for ever, or make and execute fuch Conveyances thereof as the refpe&ive Purchafers of the fame or their Counfel might reafonably require ; and for facilitating the Performance of the Trults aforefaid the faid Anthony Lechmere and Francis Workman, or the Survivor of them, his Heirs or Afiigns, are and is thereby authorized to give good and fufficient Difcharges for the Purchafe Monies to arife therefrom ; and for better effectuating fuch Sales and Dif-pofition as aforefaid as to the faid undivided Seventh Part or other Share which the faid Thomas Knight Cook the Infant, therein called Thomas Cook, was or might be entitled to, of and in the aforefaid Hereditaments and Premifes with the Appurtenances, it was and is by the Indenture of Bargain and Sale now in Recital declared and agreed by and between the faid Parties thereto, that they the fame Parties Ihould, as foon as conveniently might be, ufe their beft Endeavours to obtain an Act of Parliament for veiling the fame undivided Seventh Part or other Share of the laid Hereditaments and Premifes with the Appurtenances in the faid Anthony Lechmere and Francis Workman, or other Trul'tees to be thereby appointed thereof, their Heirs and Afiigns for ever, upon the fame or the like Trults, and for the like Intents and Purpofes and with the like Declarations as were therein-before expreffed and declared of and concerning the feveral other Parts or Shares, Hereditaments and Premifes thereby granted, bargained, and fold, or as near thereto as Circumftances would admit; and as to Six Seventh Parts or Shares of all the clear Monies to arife and be received from the Sale of the Intirety of the faid Hereditaments and Premifes under the Trulls

• thereby

2375

4-8lrGE O RGII III. Cap. 124.

thereby declared as aforefaid, it was and is thereby declared and agreed by and between the faid Parties thereto, that they the faid Anthony Lech-mere and brands Workman, the r Executors, Adminiflrators, or Afiigns, fhould {land and be pofieffed of and interefled in the fame, upon the feveral Trulls, and for the Intents and Purpofcs, and fubjtbl to the Provifions, Declarations, and Agreements therein-aftcr mentioned and declared or referred to, of and concerning the fame ; and as to the other or remaining Seventh Part or Share of the clear Moines to arife from the Sale of the Iniirety of the faid feveral Hereditaments and Premifes (being the Purchafe Money agreed upon as the faid Seventh Part or other Share cf the faid Thomas Knight Cook the Infant of and in the fame Hereditaments and Premifes) it was and is thereby declared and agreed between the faid Parties thereto, that they the faid Anthony Lechmere and Francis Workman, or other the Trusses thereof, or theSurvivor of them, hisExecutbrs, Admi-niflrators, or Afiigns, fhould (land and be poffefled thereof, or otherwife that the fame fhould be paid and applied upon and purfuant to fitch Trufls and to and for fuch Intents and Purpofes and in fuch Manner as by the Ad of Parliament fo to be obtained for thePurpofe aforefaid fhould be declared and direbted concerning the fame: And whereas the faid Eflates late of the faid Teflator Thomas Ktiigbt deceafed, have beenfo as aforefaid fold or contrabled to be fold in Lots at Prices amounting together to Forty-feven. thoufand and fixty-fix Pounds or thereabouts, which was rather more than the Valuations previoufly made thereof, and it will be greatly to the In-terefl and Advantage of the faid Thomas Knight Cook the Infant that the aforefaid Sales and Agreements as to his faid undivided Seventh Part or other Share of and in the laid Eflates late of the faid Thomas Knight deceafed fhould be completed or carried into Execution, but by reafon of his Infancy the fame cannot be effebted without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; wherefore Your Majefty!smofl dutiful and loyal Subjebls the faid Judith Cook on Behalf of the faid Thomas Knight Cook her Infant Son, and alfo the faid Habakkuk Cook and Thomas Webb the elder, do mod humbly bcfeech Your Majefty thatit may be enabled; and be it enabled by the King’s mofl Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confenr of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, hnd;by the Authority of the fame. That the faid undivided Seventh Part or The umtl-other Share, Eflate, and Interefl of the faid Thomas Knight Cook the Infant of and in the'faid Capital and other Mefluages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, theEiates'W-Tythes, and Hereditaments devifed by the faid recited Will of the faid J'trrihe<1 >>y Thomas Knight deceafed, and particularly mentioned and deferibed in the Act* * faid recired indenture of Bargain and Sale, and in the Schedule thereof tp yertedin this A£t annexed, and of and in all the Rights, Members, and Appurte-nances thereto belonging or appertaining, and the Reverfion and Rever- *red to*carry fions, Remainder and Remainders, Rents, Ifliies, and Profits thereof, ^a^'hna* fhall from and immediately after the pafling of this Act be veiled in and for the Sale the fame is and are hereby from thenceforth veiled in Wakeman Long of |erce“|.™ Upton upon Severn, in the County of Worccjicr Gentleman, and William o herw.l to Holbrook of Ledbury in the County of Hereford Gentleman, their Heirs and 1=11 lte f,me* Afligns for ever, freed and difeharged of and from the Ufes, Trufls and Limitations limited or declared thereof in and by the faid recited Will (of the fail Thomas Knight deceafed (except and fubjebltoa due Proportion of fuch Charges and Incumbrances if any as nowaffeblthe faid Hereditaments under 'he faid Will of the faid Thomas Knight deceafed) and that they the faid Wakeman Long and William Holbrook, and their Heirs, {hall and do (land fdfed of and interefled in the fame undivided Seventh Part or other Share 7	©f

2$j6	4S* GEORGII III; Gap. 124.

of the faid Thomas Knight Cook the Infant of and in the laid Capital and other Meffuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and Hereditaments, late of the faid Thomas Knight deceafed (fubjeft as aforefaid) to the Ufe of them the faid Wakeman Long and William Holbrook, their Heirs and Aligns for ever, upon Truft neverthelefs to carry the Contrafts entered into as aforefaid for the Sale of the refpeftive Parts of the fame undivided Seventh Part or other Share and Premifes in Lots as aforefaid into Kxecution, or otherwife to fell and difpofe thereof, and of every or any Part or Parts thereof, either together or in Parcels, and to grant and convey the fame and the Inheritance in Fee Simple thereof accordingly (and which they the faid Wakeman Long and IVilliaih Holbrook, and the Survivor of them, his Heirs or Affigns, are and is hereby fuily authorized and empowered to do) unto any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, for filch Sum or Sums of Money, or for fuch Prices as are mentioned in the aforefaid Contrails or Agreements, as the Purchafe Money of the fame Seventh Part or Share, or otherwife for the mod Money or beft Price or Prices that can or may be reafonably had or gotten for the fame.

HW the Mo- H. And be it further enabled, That all and every the Purchafcr or ncy anting by Purchafers, or refpeftive Perfons to whom the faid undivided Seventh be^pbedf11 Part or Share of the faid Thomas Knight Cook the Infant of and in the faid Eflatesor Hereditaments late of the faidTeftator Thomas Knight have been fold under the Trufts of the faid recited Indenture of Bargain and Sale, or fhall be fold under the Trufts of this Aft, fhall and do pay his, her, and their refpeftive Purchafe Money for the fame Seventh Part or Share into the Bank of England m the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery ex parte, fuch Purchafer or Purchafers of the undivided Seventh Part or Share of the faid Thomas Knight Cook the Infant of and in the faid Eflates and Hereditaments late of the laid Teftator Thomas Knight, purfuant to the Method preferibed by the Aft of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Firft, Chapter the Thirty-fecond, and the General Orders of the laid Court, and without Fee or Reward, according to the Aft of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, Chapter the Twenty-fourth, and the Certificate or Certificates of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, together with the Receipt or Receipts of One of the Cafhiers of the Bank to be thereto annexed, and therewith filed in the Regifter Office of the faid Court of Chancery of the Payment into the Bank of England by the Purchafer or Purchafers of any Part or Parts of the faid Seventh Part or Other Share hereby veiled in the faid Truftees upon the Trufts aforefaid, of his, her, or their Purchafe Monies' refpeftively, or of any Part or Parts thereof refpeftively, fhall from Time to Time be a good and effeftual Dif-charge to fuch Purchafer or Purchafers, and his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators, and Affigns, for fuch Purchafe Monies, or for fo much thereof for which fuch Certificates and Receipts fhallbe refpeftively given ; and after filing fuch Certificates and Receipts as aforefaid, fuch Purchafer or Purchafers fhall be abfolutely acquitted and difeharged of and from the faid Monies, and fhall not be anfwerable or accountable for any Lofs, Mifappfication, or Nonapplication thereof.

Money paid III. And be it further enafted. That the Monies which fhall, purfuant •o'beafter*"!* to -^re&*on hereinbefore contained, be fo paid into the Bank of waidiveftei England as aforefaid, fhall upon Petition to the faid Court of Chancery in

a Lmv-

®4

as,

%

ob

ask

or

arts

iase

[tit

Ji

'Jo) Cfy, ^ree-»or fbe

’ or

enth fold been Sale, ,2nd : into

the

•or

ing

or

the

the

or

%

is

or

i

4

i

4.8° GEORG 11 111. Gap. iM-	2377

a furamary Way to be preferred by or on the Part and Behalf of the faid ’Thomas Knight Cock the Infant or his Heirs, be laid out and inverted, Lands. fubje£t to the Dire&ions and Controul- of the faid Court of Chancery, in the Purchafe of the Inheritance in Fee Simple of Freehold Meliuages,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be lunate, lying and being within that Part of the United Kingdom called England or. the Principality of Wales or both, and of any Copyhold Lands, Tenements, or.Hereditaments, lying contiguous thereto, .and convening to be purchafed therewith* in PofiHlior\ free from Incumbrances, except Fee Farm or Quit Rents, or Curtomary Rents and Services, and which faid Mefluages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments fo to he purchafed lhall be thereupon with all convenient Speed conveyed and allured to-the Ufe of the faid Thomas Knight Cook the Infant, his Heirs and Afiigns for ever, fubjeft neverthelefe. to and charged with the Payment of One equal Seventh Part or Share or the aforefaid Two feveral Annuities or Yearly Sums of Fifty Pounds a Piece, payable under the faid recited Will to the faid Habakkuk Cook and Thomas Webb the elder for their Lives refpe&ively as aforefaid, or of fuch of the fame Annuities as lhall for the Time being be payable, and with and fub-je& to the like Powers,. Remedies, and Means for fecuring or levying, receiving and Recovery of the fame Seventh Part or Share or the faid Annuities, as by the faid recited Will were given or limited for feeuring* levying, receiving and. recovering the fame Annuities refpetlively.

IV. And be it further enacted, 1 hat all Monies which lhall be paid into the Bank in the Name of the faid Accountant General in • the “oiVS ...at Manner hereinbefore directed, pi* fo much thereof as lhall not be di- i’m-rected'Tjy the faid Court of Chancery to be paid and applied in the Pay- vi* u'liin^* ment of Corts and Lienees according to the Provifions hereinafter o. Exchequer contained, lhall in the meantime, and until the faid Monies lhall be B,1is* Inverted in a Purchafe or Purchafes as aforefaid, be front Time to J im£ laid out by the faid Accountant General in the Purchafe of Navy or Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills, and the Interert arifmg from the Money fo laid out in Navy or Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills, ami the Money received for the fame as they {hall be respectively paid off by Government, lhall be laid out in the Name of the faid Accountant General in the Purchafe of other Navy and Vidualling and Exchequer Bills, all Which faid Navy and Victualling Bills and Exchequer Bills lhall be depofited in the Bank in the Name of the faid Accountant General, and lhall there remain until the fame lhall upon Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way, by of on the Behalf of the faid Thomas Knight Cook the Infant or his Heirs, b'C ordered to be fold by the faid Accountant General for the completing-of any Purchafe or Purchafes hereby authorized to be made as aforefaid, in liich Manner as the faid Court lhall think jurt and meet; and .if the Money to a rile by the Sale of fuch Navy or Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills which lhall have been purchafed as aforefaid lhall exceed the original Purchafe Money fo laid out thereon as aforefaid, then and in that Cafe all or any Part of the Surplus which may remain lhall and may be paid and applied in or, towards Payment of fuch Sum or Sums* of Money as may be due or owing to the laid Habakkuk Cook and Thomas Webb the elder, or .either of them, for or on account of any Arrears of the faid Seventh Part of the faid Annuities of Fifty Pounds a Piece, payable to them for their Lives refpcctively under the faid recited Will, or otherwife. to or for the Ufe and Benefit of the [tot. & Per.] Y	26 U	faid

2378	48”	G	E O R GII III. Cap. 124.

fald Ihomns Knight Cook the Infant, in fuch Manner as the laid Court {hall order and direct.

The Court of V. Provided nevertheless, and it his hereby further enadled, That It thoa.'i3y.oU’ ^ab be lawful! for the High Court of Chancery from Time to Time, upon piv lor the anv Application to be preferred or made to the faid Couit by Petition or jmdiTdi^ati* ^herwiic for or on the Behalf of the faid Thomas Knight Cook the Infant (heiniU.u to make fuch Order or Orders as the faid Court fhall think fit for the Payment of any Part or Parts x>f the Intereft which fliall become payable for, upon or in refpedl of any fuch Navy, Victualling or Exchequer Bills as aforefaid, to be paid to the laid Judith Cook the Mother, or other the Guardian of the laid Thomas Knight Cook the Infant, for the Purpofe of being applied for or towards the Maintenance and Education of him the faid Thomas Knight Cook the Infant.

Ard a’fo to vi. Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enadled, That it fliall and Colts attend- may be lawful to and for the faid Court of Chancery from Time to Time inu the vexing to make fuch Order as that Court fhall think fit, for taxing all Coils, and Perform• Charges and Expences which fhall have been incurred in veiling all or any »pce of the	of the Monies which under this Adi fhall be paid into the Bank of England

?astd a«dbe	*n tbe Purchafe of Lands or Hereditaments according to the Directions

paid.	herein contained, or otherwife for carrying the Trulls and Purpofes of this

Adi into Execution, and alfo from Time to Time to make an Order, if to the faid Court it fhall feem lit, for Payment of all fuch Cods, Charges and Expences as aforefaid, out of the Money fo to be paid into the Bank as aforefaid, or out of the Money arifmg by Sale of the faid Navy or Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills fo to be purchafed as aforefaid.

Fptsof tie VII. And be it further enadled, That in the mean Time and until the Par^unUUoid undivided Seventh Part or other Share hereby veiled in' the faid Wake-and c nvej ed. man Long and William Holbrook of and in the faid Edates or Hereditaments late of the faid Thomas Knight deceafed upon the Truds aforefaid, fhall be fold and conveyed in Manner aforefaid, they the laid Wakeman Long and William Holbrook, their Heirs and Affigns, fhall and do permit and fuffer the Rents and Profits thereof to be received and taken by fuch Perfon or Perfons as would be refpedtively entitled to and ought to hold, enjoy and receive the fame in cafe this Adt had not been made.

in cafe of VIII. Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enadled, That if both or &c ebber °f them the faid Wakeman Long and William Holbrook, or any Truflee o-hers io be of Trullees who fhall fucceed or be appointed in the Place or Stead of them, appointed. or either of them as hereinafter is mentioned, fliall die or defire to relinquilh the Trulls hereby in them or him repofed, or fliall refufe or decline to adt or become incapable to adl in the Execution of the faid Trulls, or fhall go out of Great Britain before the faid Trulls (hall be fully performed and executed, then and fo often as any fuch Cafe fhall happen, it fliall be lawful for the faid Court of Chancery in a fummary Way, on Application made for that Purpofe by Petition by or on the Behalf of the faid Thomas Knight Cook the Infant, from Time to Time to nominate, fubftitute and appoint any Perfon or Perfons to be a Truflee or Trullees, in the Place or Stead of the Truflee or Trullees fo dying or defiring to be difeharged, or going out of Great Britain, or refufing, declining, or becoming incapable to ad as aforefaid, and that when and fo icon and as' often as any new Truflee or 3	Truftees

2379

480 GEORG 11 III. Cap. 124*

Trudees fhall be nominated and appointed as aforefaid by an Older of the faid Court of Chancery in a luminary Way on Petition as aforefaid, all the laid Seventh Part or Share, Powers and Premifes, which ftiall then be veiled in the Trultee or Trudees refpectively fo dyingor defirirrg to bedif-charged or refufing, declining or becoming incapable to ad, or going out of Great Britain as aforefaid, either foleiy or jointly with the other Truftee or Trudees thereof, (hall thereupon with all convenient Speed be conveyed and transferred in fuch Sort and Manner, and fo as that the fame Truft, Premifes and Powers Ihall and may be legally and effectually veiled in the furviving or continuing Truftee thereof, and fuch new Truftee, or if there ihall be no continuing Truftee, then in fuch new Trultee or Treffees only, upon thefame Trults and for the fame Intents andPurpofes as are hereinbefore declared, of and concerning the aforefaid Trull, Share and Premifes, or fuch and fo many of the fame Trulls, Intents and Purpofes, as Ihall or may be then fubfilling and capable of taking Tiled, and that fuch new Truftee or Truftees fliall and may in all Things ad in the Management, carrying on and Execution of theTnifts aforefaid, as fully and effedually and with the fame Powers and Authorities to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, as if he or they had been originally in and by this Ad appointed a Truftee or Truftees for the Purpofes aforefaid.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That neither of the faid prefent or futured ruftees of this Ad fliall be anfwrerable or accountable for the other or others of them or for involuntary Loffes, and that by and out of any Money which Ihall come to their or his Hands or Hand by virtue of any of the aforefaid Trufts, it fliall be lawful for them and him to retain to and reimburfe themfelves and himfelf refpedively all the Colts, Charges and Expences which they or he may refpedively incur or fuftain in carrying the Trufts of the prefent Ad into Execution, and not herein particularly provided for.

X.	Saving always to the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, and to all and every other Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Succeffors, Executors, Adminiftrators and Afligns (other than and except the faid Thomas Knight Cook the Infant and his Heirs) all fuch Eftate, Bight, Title, Intereft, Claim and Demand whatfoever, of, in, to, and out of the faid undivided Seventh Part or Share and Premifes hereby veiled in the faid Truftees™upon the Trufts aforefaid, or any Part thereof, as they, every or any of them had before the paffmg this A£t, or could or might have had, held or enjoyed in cafe this A£t had not been made.

XI.	And be it further ena£ted. That this Act fhall be printed by the Printer to the King’s , moll Excellent Majefty, and a Copy of the fame fo printed fhall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Juftices, and others.

Indemnifying the Trulttes.

General

Evidence}

2380

48* GEORGII III. Gap. 224.

The SCHEDULE referred to in the foregoing Act,

MARLWOOD FARM, in the Pari ft of Tho

the County of

A Capital MefTuage or Tenement, with neceflary Buildings, and the following Clofes, Pieces or Parcels of Arable, Meadow, Pafture and Wood Land or Ground thereunto belonging, viz.

The Homeftead Yards, Garden and Orchard

Orchard adjoining

Coney Acre

Hawthorne Leys

Cold Park.

Fermey Ley?

Down Leys Furzey Paddock Dry Plain Long Mead Stoney Clofe Wood Leys Fi(h Por.d Leys The Walk Tanner's Mead Town Me.id Clutterbucks Ditto and Little Plot Ditto	-

Ditto

Kenton Mead Cockfhot Hill	r

Kenton Hill Kenton Grove Pathy Lays

The Warren	'	-

Grefs Annual Rent, 38.515.-—fold for 19,0

25 3 2!*

WOODSOME otherwife WHATSOME FARM, fituate i in the County of Gloucester.

the Pa rift- of Kingwooiv

A Capital Meftuage, with neceflary Euildirigs, and the following CfefeS, Pieces Parcels of Meadow and Pafture Land thereunto belonging, viz.

The Homeftead Yards, &c. Orchard Eight Acres Woodfome Mead Woodfome PI ill

Grofs Annual Rent, g£. 120.—fold for 5,960.

48° GE O R G11 III. Cap. 134.

FARM at Clapton Wick, in the Parifh of Portburv,' in the County 'of Somerset.

A MefTuage or Farm Houfe, with necefTary. Buildings, and the following Pieces of Parcels of Arable and Pafture Land thereunto belonging, viz.

The Homeftead and Garden Orchard (Pafture)

One Clofe of Meadow or Pafture One other Clofe, lately Meadow now Arable One other Clofe of Meadow or Pafture One other Clofe of Meadow or Pafture One other Clofe, late Meadow now Arable One other Clofe, late Meadow now Arable

Alfo, Twenty-two Acres of Pafture called The Hill, allotted to the faid Farm, under an A €t for inclofing the Wafte and Commonable Lands in the faid Parifn of Portbury.

- Grofs Annual Rent, ^20.—fold for <£700.

COTE othcrwifc LITTLE COTE FARM, fituate in the Parifh of Bishops Canning, in the County of Wilts.

A MefTuage, Tenement or Farm Houfe, with nccelTary Buildings, and the following Clofes, Pieces or Parcels of Arable, Meadow, Pafture and Wood Land, thereunto belonging, viz.

The Homeftead Yards, S:c.	-

Barn and Yard detached	-	-

1 he Orchard	-

Middle Ground	-

The Withy Bed	-	-

The Moor	...

Hobbs’s Meadow	-

Sheephoufe Clofe	-

Upper Croft	-

Lower Croft	-	-

LaylandsMead	-	-

Lower Lay lands Mead

Lower Cowr Leaze	-	-

Cow Leaze	-

Little Dry Violes	-	-

Hill Burn

Violes Field	-

Alder Bed	-

Great Dry Violes	-	-

Hither Broad Field	-

Broad Field	-

Pitts Hill	-	1

The Faroe Field	-

Verh'nams	.

Rickfton Meadow	-

Grofs Annual Rent, *£250.—fold for *£10,r6o ; including the Reverfton in Fee of the following Cottages:

\Loc. & Pcr,\	26	X—r

	A. R P.
	
	O I 4.
p.	O 2 35
M.	1 I 10
W.	
M.	
M.	0 3 8
A.	4 0 19
P.	5 1 *4
P.	5 3 3o
M.	
M.	4 2 30
P.	6 1 3 3
A.	7 2 S
P.	4 1 30
M.	
M.	5 0 20
P.	
P.	4 3 33
M.	3 3 37
M	
M.	2 3 35
P.	196 2 9
	5o 7
1	. J 2 8
M.	11 7
	278 3 ij

2

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 124.

The REVERSION in FEE of the Six following COTTAGES at Cote ; alfo in the Parifh of Bishops Canning, and County of Wilts.

A Cottage called Qillman’s Lower Houfe with a Garden, containing about one Rood, expectant upoir the feveral I eceafes of Mary Hifcock, James Hifcock, and Mary Hifcock the younger - - - Mary Hifcock, Tenant.

A Cottage with a Garden, containing about Twenty Perches, expe&ant upon the Deceafe of Rofe Carrier Afker - - - Thomas Aflter, Tenant.

A Cottage and Garden, cxpe&ant upon the feveral Deceafes of Mary Bullock (late Mary Neatej and Robert Neate, and of the Survivor of them - - - Thomas Bullock, Tenant.

A Cottage and Garden, expectant upon the Deceafe of Robert Dyke -------

D- Hifcock, Tenant.

A Cottage and Garden, called Yates, about half an Acre, expe&ant upon the Deceafes of	and	Richard	Hifcock,	Tenant.

And a newly ere«£l:ed Cottage and Garden, e-vpe&ant upon the Deceafe of Sufannah Shead, late Ruddeli’s - - - William Sheate, Tenant.

Thefe Six Cottages were fold, together with Cote Little Farm; Quit Rent,£.1.

The REVERSION in FEE of The Rising Sun Public Houfe, fituate upon Devises Green within the Borough of Devises, in the County of Wilts.

A newly ere&ed Public Houfe, called The Rifing Sun, expe&ant upon the feveral De" ceafes of Jane Thring and Sarah Burton, Daughters of Thomas Fowle and of Richard Chandler, and of the Survivor of them - - - MefTrs Savington & Co. Tenants. This is lituate upon Devises Green, in the Borough of Devises, in the County of Wilts.

Sold for^ioo.

LANDS at Nursted in the Parifh of Bishops Canning, in the County of Wilts.

The Firft Ground The Second Ground The Third Ground The Fourth Ground

P.

P.

P.

P.

Grofs Annual Rent, s£l2.—fold for 6^950.

LANDS at Calne Hill, in the Parifh of Roude, in the County of Wilts.

The Six Acres The Four Acres Rough Field New Farm Mead

Grofs Annual Rent, ^'50.—fold for 1,550.

>7 3 2J

Alfo about Seven Acres of Pafture Land, lately taken by the Ken nett and Avon Canal Company, and now cut up and principally covered by the Water of faid Canal.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 124.

LANDS at Seend, in the Parifh of Melksham, in the County of Wilts.

Grove Field Little Grove Field Elliot’s Ground Afhes Clofe Picked Meadow Paradife Leys Paradif Little Leys Little Birts Berry Hills

Grofs Annual Rent, *£45—fold for 5^3,277.

A.

P.

A.

P.

P.

P.

130

1	3	29

7	1	28

2	3 o

1 3	11

5 3 3a

3 4 1

TYTHE.

All Manner of Tythes of Corn, Grain and Hay yearly arifing, growing, renewing or increafing from or out of certain Lands in Roude, called The Marfh Lands or Caine Hill Grounds, in Wiltfhire.

WHITE LION INN and other PREMISES in Bristol.

A capital Inn or Hotel called White Lion, with the Coach Houfes, Stables and other Buildings thereto belonging, fituate in Broad Street in the City of Briftol - - -Mr. Luce, Tenant.

Annual Rent,	—fold for ^3,100.

Alfo, a MefTuage or Dwelling Houfe with the Buildings thereto belonging, fituate in Thomas Street in the faid City of Briftol, - - - Jofeph Woodward, Tenant.

Annual Rent, £io.—fold for ^782.

Alfo, another MefTuage or Dwelling Houfe fituate in laft-mentioned Street - - -Mrs. Ann Buckle, Tenant.

Annual Rent, ^16.—fold for ^332.

HOUSE in Gloucester.

A MefTuage or Tenement with the Buildings thereunto belonging, fituate in the S outh Gate in the Parifh of	in	the	City	of	Gloucefter	-	-	-

Mr. Nicholas Barns, Tenant.

Annual Rent, ^31. 4^.—fold for ^760.

JOYFIELDS in Castlemorton, in the County of Worcester.

A Cottage or Tenement called Joyfields, fituate in the Parifh of Caftlemorton, Worcefterfhire, with the Orchard or Clofe of Pafture Land thereto belonging, containing one Acre and an half - - - John Rodway, .Tenant.

Annual Rent, *£8.- lls.—fold for ^375.

This Schedule was examined by

Thomas Fulljames. Wake man Long..

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Stjrahan, Printers to the King’s moll Excellent Majefty. 1808.





U unt o '



t itk •»»>»

e-?1 ■>

. biUnt . t rV.y :rinilflw iol SA a-A

!

1

'Jl ’’■I	IJf	■ ; , :h;p!'

«■ .v •	- - i.-t-■"'i? fe'Av

loi J&y)'	'	”•'''	M

>vV>

jT #

■

' 1	'■••'■■■' fl* fW45%p*# ‘: .'1 tnmT -ji!:

to sisftfrVi i■• -t }o cforfttrf

"	-b'!	rinu	-Ti	h

• '-?> hns ••.	’	vtarift	-	rtt

.	..	 j,

'■ ' *■	»	’•	'fri-iiilMfrfl	!•■	5a<J

.flan

j

ANNO QUADRAGESIiMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.



Cap. 125.

An Aft for confirming and rendering valid and effectual an Exchange made in the Year One thoufand feven hundred and fixty-two, between William Mellijh Efquire, deceafed, and Charles Mellijh Efquire, his cldeft Son, alfo deceafed, and the Vicar of Blyth in the County of Nottingham, of Lands and Hereditaments of the faid William Mel-lip and Charles Mellip in the Farifh of Blyth, for a fmall Part of the Glebe belonging to the faid Vicarage.	[ 18 th June 1808.]

WHEREAS by an Indenture, bearing Date the Thirtieth Day ISg^he-'

of October One thoufand feven hundred and fixty-two, and tweenWiiiim made between William Mellijh and Charles Mellijh of the Firft */!? Part; the Reverend Matthew Tomlinfon Clerk, Vicar of Blyth in the the vicar of County of Nottingham, of the Second Part; the Matter and Fellows of Trinity College in Cambridge, Patron of the Church of Blyth aforefaid, of J°’ *' the Third Part; and the moft Reverend Father in God Robert Lord Arch-bifhop of York Primate of England and Metropolitan Diocefan of the faid Church, of the Fourth Part; after reciting that the faid William Mellijh and Charles Mellijh and Matthew Tomlinfon, with the Confent of the laid Matter and Fellows of Trinity College in Cambridge, did agree to exchange a certain Mefluage (which hath fince been pulled down) and certain Glebe Lands and Hereditaments belonging to the Vicarage of Blyth aforefaid, namely, a Meffuage adjoining to the Church Yard, then in the Occupation of Thomas Nettlejhip, a Parcel of Ground called Vicarage Yard [hoc, & Per.j	26 Z	adjoining

239°

48® GEORGII ITT, Cap. 12$.

adjoining to Ambry Croft on the North, another Parc* 1 of Ground in the Weft Br iberhill Clofe then in the Damnation of Nicholas Greaves, another Parcel of Ground in a Clofe in a certain Furlong in Spittle Field then in the Occupation of Benjamin IFilfon, (which faid Lanus, in the whole, contained Two Acres and Twenty Perches, and were then together of the Yearly Value of 6ix Pounds,- and were lying di perfedand intermixed with Lar ds belonging to the faid William Mellijh and Charles Mellijh or one of them, in aforefaid), to be held and enjoyed by the faid William Mellijh and Charles Mellijli and their Heirs; and that in Exchange for the fame, they, the faid William Mellijh and Charles Mellijl) would give and grant unto the faid Matthew TomUnfon a certain Mefluage and cerrain Lands and Hereditaments lying and being in Blyth aforefaid, namely, a Mclfuage then in the Occupation of Jcfepb Rogers, and a Croft adjoining to the faid Mef-fuage, lying between the Lands then of William Rawood South, and Nicholas Greaves North, One Parcel of Ground in the Sp ttle Field in the Long-brecks Furlong, and adjoining to the Lands then of William Fullard on the North, and the faid William Mellijh on the South, belonging to them the faid William Mellijh and Charles Mellijh, or one of them, containing in the Whole Two Acres and One Rood, and then together of the Yearly Value of Eight Pounds, to be held and enjoyed by the faid Matthew TomUnfon and his Succefiors, Vicars of Blyth aforefaid, for ever ; and alfo reciting, that the faid Lord Archbilhop of Tork, upon ihe Petition of the faid William Mellijh and Charles Mellijh and the laid Matthew TomUnfon, for his Confirmation of fuch Exchange, did caufe a Commrflion und r his Archiepif-copal Seal, toifiue for enquiring into the Value of thefaid Meffuage, and all 1 he Lands and Hereditaments fo agreed to be exchanged ; and that the Commiflioners therein named had certified the fame to be of the refpective Yearly Rents, and to contain the feveral and refpecfive Quantiti s as are therein-before refpedtively mentioned, and that, in their Judgements, the faid Vicar and Vicarage of Blyth would receive confiderabletAdvantage by fuch Exchange ; it is witnefl'ed, that the faid William Mefli/fj and Charles Mellijh in purfuance of the faid Agreement, and in Confideration of the Exchange fo to be made as aforefaid, did covenant with the faid Matthew TomUnfon and his Siacceffors, Vicars of Blyth aforefaid, that the faid Mef-i'uage with the Appurtenances, and all and every the Lands and Hereditaments therein-before mentioned, as being the Property of the faid William Mellijh or Charles Mellijh, or one of them, and containing- together Two Acres an-d One Rood, fhould, at all Times thereafter, be and remain to the Ufe of the faid Matthew TomUnfon and his SuccefTors. Vicars of Blyth aforefaid, and be peaceably and quietly held and enjoyed by them accordingly, in lieu of and in Exchange for the faid Glebe Lands and Hereditaments therein-before mentioned, containing together Two Acres and Twenty Perches, freed and difcharged from and againft all Incumbrances wnatfoever j and the faid Matthew TomUnfon in purfuance of the faid Agreement, and in Confideration of the Exchange above mentioned, did thereby wit h the Confent of the faid Mafter and Fellows of Trinity College, and the faid Archbifhop (teftified as therein mentioned; covenant with the faid William Mellifi and Charles Mellijh, their Htirs, Executors, Admi-niftrators and Afligns, that the faid MefTuage with the Appurtenan;es, and all and every the Pieces or Parcels of Glebe Land and Hereditaments therein-before firfl: mentioned, and which Lands contain together Two Acres and 'i wenty Perches, fhould, at all Times thereafter be and remain to the Ufc of the faid William Mellijh and Charles Melljh, and 6	their

2 39*

48° GEORGII in. Cap.12$.

thwT Heirs and Affirm, and be peaceably and quieriy .-held and enjoyed by the faid William Meihjh and Charles Mellijh', their Heirs an I Affigns, in iieu of and in Exchange for the laid Meifuage, Lands, and Hereditaments therein above recited, as being the Property of the faid William Mellijh and Charles Mellijh, or one of them, freed and difeharged of, from, and againlt all Incumbrances whatfoever: And whereas the faid William Meltijl) died in the Year One thoufand feven hundred and ninety- , one: And whereas the faid Charles Mellijh duly made and pubiifhed his	Wej.

laft Will and Teftament, in Writing, bearing Date the Sixteenth Day of hih.wated September One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, and executed and 6«pt-1794, attefted as by Law is required for paffing RealEftates, and thereby gave and devifed the Freehold Manor of Hodfockm the faid County of Nottingham, and all his Freehold Manors, Mefluages, Lands, Tenement-, Woods, Underwoods, Tithes, and Hereditaments in the Counties of Nottingham and York, of which he was feifed in Fee Sin-pie, to William Gooch Efquire and Jofeph Marris Gentleman, and their Heirs, to the Ufe of the Teftator’s Wife ’Judith Mellijh and Stanhope Harzey and Saint Andrew IVarde Efquires, for the Term of Eleven hundred Years bom his the Tef-tator’s Death, upon certain Trufts therein-after declared, and fubjed thereto ; to the Ufe of the faid William Gooch and Jofeph Marris and their Heirs, for the Life of the faid Judith Mellijh, if fhe fhould fo long continue a Widow, in Trufl for the faid Judith Mellijh and her Alligns j Remainder, to the Ufe of the faid Text ..tor’s- Son Henry Francis Mellijh and his Affigns, for his Life ; Remainder to the Ufe of the faid William Gooch and Jofeph Marris and their Heirs, during the Life of the faid H.nry Francis Mellijh, upon Trufl to preferve the Contingent Ufes therein-after limited ; Remainder to the Ufe of the Firft and other Sons of the Body of the faid Henry Francis Me'lijh fucceifively, in Tail Male, with divers Remainders over; and the Ultimate Remainder or Reverfion to the (Jfe of the right Heirs of the Teftator, for ever : And after reciting, that he had conveyed or executed Deeds, purporting to be Conveyances of feveral Parts of the aforefiid Eflares, whereof his faid Son Henry Francis was Tenant in Tail Male, in Remainder to feveral Perfons in Fee Simple in Exchange for other Freehold Lands or Tenements which had been conveyed to him in Fee Simple ; all which Exchanges were for the Benefit and Advantage of his Family ; and he had entered into Bonds for guaranteeing the Title of the Premifes fo conveyed by him in Exchange, and that it might happen that he might thereafter convey, or attempt to convey other Parts of the faid Eftates fettled on his faid Son Henry Francis in Remainder; in like Manner, he, the faid Teftator did therefore defire, that his faid Son Henry Francis would, upon his attaining the Age of Twenty-one Years, do all Ads in Law that fhould be necefl'ary for completing and confirming the faid feveral Exchanges fo made and thereafter to be made by him the laid Teftator, as aforefaid ; and he, the faid Teftator, gave and devifed all and finguiar the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which had been fo conveyed to him in Fee Simple, in Exchange a9 aforefaid, to fuch and the lame Ufes, and upon, under, and fubjeft to fuch and the fame Trufts, Powers, Provifoes, and Declarations, as he had therein-before limited, expreffed, and declared, of and concerning his aforefaid Manor of Hodfock; and he gave and devifed ail the Reft and Rdidue of his Real and Perfonal Eftates of every Nature and Kind, not the ein-before difpofed of, unto his Executors and their Heirs,

Ex cutors, and Adrainiftrators, in Truft to fell, and to appy the Monies

thence

*392

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 125.'

thence arifing in Manner therein mentioned; and the faid Teftator appointed his faid Wife Judith Mellijh and the faid Stanhope Harvey and George Cooke (now George Cooke Tar borough) Executors of his faid Will: And whereas the faid Ttftator duly made and publifhed a Codicil to his faid Will, which Codicil bears Date the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thoufand feven hundred and ninety fix, and thereby charged feveral Legacies and Annuities on the Premifes comprized in the faid Term of Eleven hundred Years, and thereby authorized his faid Wife to charge the Premifes comprized in the faid Term in Manner therein mentioned, and thereby appointed his Brother kVilliam Mellijh Truftee of the faid Term of Eleven hundred Years, and to be one of his Executors, in the Place and Stead of the faid Stanhope Harvey; and he gave to his faid Brother William Mellijh, and to his faid Wife Judith Mellijh, and the faid Saint Andrew fVarde, and their Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns, the Premifes comprifed in the faid Term of Eleven hundred Years, upon fuch Trufts as were in and by the faid Will and Codicil declared of the fame; and he thereby gave to his faid Wift Judith Mellijh, and the faid George Cooke Yarborough, and his faid Brother William Mellijh, their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns, all fuch Real and Perfonal Eftate as was by his faid Will given to the faid Stanhope Harvey, and his faid Wife Judith Mellijh, and the faid George Cooke Tar borough, and their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns, upon the Trufts therein mentioned, to hold the fame unto his faid Wife, and the faid George Cooke Yarborough, and his faid Brother William Mellijh, and their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns, upon the fame Trufts, and to and for thefameEnds, Intents, andPurpofes, as he had by his faid Will and Codicil declared refpe&ing the fame Real and Perfonal Eftate: And whereas the Eftate Tail, of which the faid Henry Francis MelliJJ) is in the faid Will of the faid Charles Mellijh, faid to be feized in Remainder, expedant on the Deceafe of him the faid Charles Mellijh, was created by the Will of Edward Mellijh Efquire, the Great Uncle of the faid Henry Francis MelliJbearing Date the Sixth Day of April One thoufand feven hundred and fifty-five: And whereas the faid Teftator Charles MelliJJ) died on or about the Thirtieth Day of December One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix, without having revoked or altered his faid Will, in the Refpeds herein-before mentioned, otherwife than by his laid Codicil, leaving his faid Son Henry Francis Mellijh, then a Minor, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, him furviving : And whereas the faid Judith Mellijh, George Cooke Yarborough, and William Mellijh, duly proved the laid Will and Codicil in the Prerogative Court of the Arch-bifhop of Canterbury:	And	whereas	the	faid	Henry	Francis	MelliJ).)

attained the Age of Twenty-one Years fome Time in the Year One thou-fand eight hundred and three: And whereas, by Articles of Agreement, i-rtwe^H.F. bearing Date the Nineteenth Day of April One thoufand eight*”hundred o!» wi 3nC* ^1Ve> anC* mat*e between fe'd Henry Francis Mellijh of the Firfl i'er’^Jawd * Part; and the laid William Mellijh the Brother of the faid Charles Mellifh, Apnl 19,1805. of the Second Part; and JoJhuaWalker Efquire of the Third Part; after reciting that the faid Henry brands Mellijh was feized in Fee of and in the Manors, Mefluages, Tenements, Cottages, Mill, Lands, and Hereditaments therein-after deferibed, fave as to certain Parts thereof, containing by Eftimation Seventy-two Acres, were the fame more or lefs, and alfo as to Four Mefluages or Tenements, with their Appurtenances, devif. d by the Will of his late Father, the faid Charles MelliJJ), to Judith Mellijh,

for

48°GEORGII III., Cap. 125.

for Life; Remainder to the faid Henry Francis MelliJJj for Life, with Remainder to his Firft and other Sons in Tail Male, with Re-maimlers over ; and with the Ultimate Remainder to the faid Henry Fninch. Mellifh in Fee, fubje& to the feveral Payments and Outgoings thereinafter mentioned, had agreed with the faid JoJhua IValker to fell the fame to him (including the faid excepted F,Rates) for the Sum of One hundred thoufand Pounds; it is witnefted, that the faid Henry Francis Mellijh, in Confideration ot the Sum of Fifteen thoufand Pounds, paid at his Kequeft to the faid William Mellijh the Brother, by the faid JoJhua Walker, and of the further Sums of Seventy-feven thoufand Pounds, and Light thoufand Pounds, making together the Sum of EigHty-five thoufand Pounds, to be paid by the laid JoJhua Walker in Manner therein-after mentioned, did covenant with the faid JoJhua Walker, his Heirs and Afligns, that he, the faid Henry Francis Mellijh, his Heirs or Afligns, would convey and alfure the Manors, Capital MefTuage or Manfion Houfc, Meffuages, Cottages, Tenements, Mill, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, therein mentioned or referred to, fituate in the Parilhes of Blyth and Harworth, or one of them, in the faid County of Nottingham,, with their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, to the Ufe of the faid JoJhua Walker, his Heirs and Afligns, or as he or they fhouid appoint, fiee from all Incumb;ances, except certain annual Payments therein mentioned ; and alfo, that he, the faid Henry Francis Mellijh, would ufe his utmoft Endeavours to obtain an Ad of Parliament, by virtue whereof he might be enabled to convey, or procure to be conveyed, the Fee Simple and Inheritance of and in the faid Mefluages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, being the faid Seventy-two Acres, devifed as aforefaid by the faid Charles Mellijh unto and to thty'

Ufe of him the f .id JoJhua Walker, his Heirs and Afligns, or to fuch other Perfon or Perfons as he or they fhouid appoint, and would, at his or their own Colls and Charges, convey or procure to be conveyed the fame accordingly, on or before the Firft Day of Augujf One thoufand eight hundred and eight : And whereas by an A£t of Parliament pafled in the Forty-Axth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An Aft 4$g for effefting the Sale of certain Real EJlates and of certain Leafehold Tithes» late ^Charles Mellifh Efquire,deceajed, and for applying the Purchafe Monies in Difcharge of Incumbrances, and for laying out the Surplus under the Direftim of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchafe of other EJlates to be fettled to the former Ufes, it was (amongft other Things) enabled, that the laid Manor of Hodfock, and all and Angular the Freehold Manors, Meffuages, Lands, Farms, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, particularly deferibed in the Schedule to the faid Adi, fituate, lying, and being in the faid County of Nottingham (being the Manors and other Hereditaments, including the faid Eftates fo taken in Exchange as aforefaid) devifed or intended to be devifed by the faid Will of the faid Charles Mellijh deceafed. as therein and herein-before is recited, with their Appurtenances, fhouid, after the palling of that Adi, be, and the fame were thereby veiled in the laid William Mellijh the Brother, and Thomas Mellijh Efquire, their Heirs and Afligns, to the Ufe of them the faid William Mellijh the Brother, and Thomas Mellijh, their Heirs and Afligns for ever, freed and abfolutely acquitted, exonerated, and difeharged of, from, and again!! all and Angular the Ufes, Eftates, Intails, Remainders, Limitations, Trufts, Powers, Provifoes, Agreements, and Declarations in and by the faid Will and Codicil of the faid Charles Mellijh, and certain Indentures in the faid At! of Parliament mentioneJ and recited, limited, exprelfed, or declared,

[hoc.	Per.] 37 A	of

2394-

48'GEORGII III. Cap. 125.

of or concerning the fame ; but neverthelefs upon Truft, that they the faid William Mellt/h the Brother, and Thomas Mellijh, and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs and Affigns of fuch Survivor, fhould with all convenient Speed after the palling of that Aft, r.bfo'utely fell and difpofe of the fame, and upon Payment in Manner therein-after mentioned of the Purchafe Money, for which the faid Manors and other Hereditaments, or any of'hem or any Part thereof, fhould be fo Hid into the Bank of England in Manner thereinafter directed, fhould convey and affure the fame Manors and other Hereditaments, or fuch Parts thereof as fhould befo fold, unto^nd to theUfecf the Purchaser orPurchafers thereof, his, her, or their Indenture of Heirs and Affigns, or as he or they fhould direft or appoint: And‘whereas J»fe*djt!dk" Ventures of Leafe and Releafe bearing Date refpeftively the T\vemy-27th’.-tnd 18th feventh and Twenty-eighth Days of May One thoufand eight hundred and May 1807, feven, and made between the faid William Mellijh the Brother, and Thomas Mellijh of the Firft Part; fhe faid Henry Francis Mel/i/h of the Second Part ; the faid JoJbttci Walker of the Third Par t ; and Thomas Maltby Enquire, of the Fourth Part ; after various Recitals, whereby, amongft other Things, it appeared, that fuch of the Hereditaments by the faid Articles of Agreement of the Nineteenth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and five, covenanted or agreed to be fold and conveyed to the faid Jojhua Walker, as were not included in rite Hereditaments excep-red in the faid Articles, had been conveyed unto and for the Benefit of the faid Jojhiia Walker, his Heirs and Aflign-s for ever, and that the Sum of Eighty-five thoufand Pounds, the Remainder of the Purchafe Money agreed to be given by the laid Jojhua Walker for the Purchafe of all the Hereditaments by the faid Articles of Agreement covenanted or agreed to be conveyed to him, including the faid excepted Hereditaments, being the Lauds mentioned in the faid Articles of Agreement of the Nineteenth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and five, and containing by Eftima-tion Seventy-two Acres,'were the fame morfe or lefs, had been paid or otherwife fatisfiedby the faid Jojhua Walker ; and after reciting, amongft other Things, that for the Purpofe of enabling him to difeharge his Covenant in that Behalf contained in the faid Articles of Agreeement of the Nineteenth Day of April One thoufand e ght hundred and five, the faid Henry Francis Mellijh had con traded with the faid William Mellijh the Brother, and Thomas Mellijh, for the abfolute Purchafe of the Pee Simple and Inheritance of the Meffuages. Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments thereinafter releafed, (being the faid Meffuages, Lands, and Hereditaments devifed by the Will of the faid Charles Mellijh as aforefaid, and refpe&ively comprized in the laid Articles of Agreement of the Nineteenth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and five, and Schedule to the faid Aft of Parliament, and amounting to Sixty-nine Acres and Seven Perches, as appears by the faid Schedule under the Head of Lands and Hereditaments lying intermixed with the Blyth Eft ate) with their Appurtenances, for the Sum of Three thoufand fix hundred and thirty-four Pounds, and that it had been agreed between the faid Henry Francis Mellijh and JcJhua Walker, that the faid Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, with the Appurtenances, fhould be conveyed uuto and for the Benefit of the faid JcJhua Walker in Manner thereinafter contained ; it is wimdfed that in purluance of the faid Contraft on the Part of the faid William Mellijl) and Thomas Mellijh, and in purfuance of the Trufts repofed in them by the faid Aft ot Parliament, and in Confidera-tion of the Sum of Three thoufand fix hundred and thirty-four Pounds

by

*395

48® GEOR-GII III. Cap. 125.

Ixy-fhe (dldHeury Francis Mellijh paid into the Bank of England*, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and of Ten Shillings to each of than the ft id William Mel’ lijh the Brother, and Thomas MelljJj, pa.‘d by the fa id Jj'hua leather, the laid William Metlijl) the Brother, and Thomas.Mellijh, at the Rcqueft and by iheDiredior. anbApp intri'.cuf of the laid Henry Francis Mellijh (teilified therein mentioned) and alfo at the Requell and by the Direction of the laid Jqfloua I Talker (tedified in like Manner) and according to the refpecUve Eitates, Rights, and lntereiL of them the faid William Mellijh the Brother, and Thomas Mellijh, in and to the Me Ad ages, Lands, Tene-UientSj and Hereditaments tbereiii-after releafed, did bargain, fell, and releafe, and the Lid Henry Francis Mellijh for the Confiderations afore-laid, and all'o in Confideration of Ten Shillings to him paid by the laid jojhua Walker, did grant, releafe, ratify, and confirm unto the faid Jojhua Walker aid his Heirs, .fuch of the Mefluages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments devifed by the faid Will of the faid Charles Mellijh, as were by the faid Articles of Agreement of the Nineteenth Day of /Ipril One thoufand tight hundred and five, covenanted or agreed to be fold and conveyed to the faid J<mua Walker, with their Appurtenances (atnongft which faid Mefliuges, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments are the Scite of the Melftiage, the faid Melfuage having been pulled down as aforefaid, and the other Lands and Hereditaments granted and given, or agreed to be granted and given in Exchange by the faid Matthew Tomlinfon to the faid William MellJJj the Father of the faid Charles Mellijh, and the laid Charles Mellijh their Heirs and Alfigns, by the faid Indenture of the Thirtieth Day of October One thoufand leven hundred and fixty-two, as hcreia-before is mentioned) to hold the fimie (fubject to the Land Tax thenceforth to become payable in refped thereof, unco the faid Jojhua Walker, his Heirs and Affigns for ever ; neverthelefs to the Life of fuch Perfon or Perform for fuch Eftate or Eltates, Interelt or Interefts, and to and for fuch Ends, Intents, and Purpofes, snd under andfubjed to fuch Provisoes, Declarat.ons, and Agreements, and in fuch Manner and Form as he the faid Jojhua Walker by any Deed or Deeds, Inltrumentor Inllruments in Writing, with or without Power of Revocation and new Appointment, to be fealed and delivered by him in the ITefence of and attelled by Two or more credible Witndfes, Ihould from Time to Time, or at any Time, direct, limit, or appoint, and in Default of, and until fuch Direction, Limitation, or Appointment, or in cafe sny fuchdliould be made then fubject thereto, to the Ufe of the faid Jojhua ]Walker and his Affigns, during his Life, without Impeachment of Waite, Remainder to the Ufe of the faid Thornes Maltby and his Heirs, during the Life of the Hid jojhua Walker, in Trull for the faid Jojhua Walker and his Affigns, Remainder to the Ufe of the faid Jojloua Walker, his Heirs and Affigns for ever : And whereas by an Indenture bearing Date indenture, the fame Twenty-eighth Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and *MMay Seven, and made between the faid William Melhjlo the Brother, and Tho- l*°7‘ mas Maltby, of the Ftrft Part; the laid Henry Francis Mellijh of the Second Part ; and the laid Jojhua Walker of the Third Part ; the faid Henry Francis Mellijh entered into a Covenant with the faid JojJoua Walker to ufe his utmoft Endeavours to obtain an Ad of Patliament for the Confirmation of the faid Exchange with the Vicar of Blyth, and for fettling and alluring the Premises, fo conveyed or given in Exchange by the faid “Vicar of Blyth as aforefaid, to the Ufe and for the Benefit of the faid

Jojhua

2396	48<>GE0RG1I	III.	Cap.	125.

JoJhua Walker, his Heirs, Appointees, and Afligns, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the faid Indentures of Leafe and Releafe of the Twenty-feventh and Twenty-eighth Days of May laft : And whereas the moft Reverend Father in God Edward now Lord Archbifhop of Tofk, the faid Henry Francis Mellijh, JoJhua Walker, the Reverend Robert Pritchard Mafter of Arts, the prefent Vicar of Blytb aforefaid, and the prefent Mailer, Fellows, and Scholars of Trinity College in Cambridge, the Patron of the faid Vicarage, are fatisfied with the faid Exchange made between the faid William Mejltjh the Father, and Charles Melljh, and the faid Matthew Tomlinfon formerly Vicar of Blytb aforefaid, by the faid Indenture of the Thirtieth Day of Oftober One thoufand Even hundred and fixty-two, as herein-before is mentioned, and areddirous that it fhould be legally efta-blilhed and confirmed, but the fame cannot be effefted without the Aid and Authority of Parliament ; wherefore Your Majefty’s moft dutiful and and loyal Subjects the faid Edward Lord Archbifhop' of York, Henry Francis MeWJh, JoJhua Walker, Robert Pritchard, and the faid Mafter, Fellows, and Scholars of Trinity College, do mod humbly befeech Your Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afTem-wnfinnfd bled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the faid Indenture of the Thirtieth Day of OElober One thoufand feven hundred and fixty-two, and all and every the Covenants, Agreements, Claufes, Matters, and Things therein and thereby entered into, agreed upon, and contained, Ihall be, and the fame are hereby ratified and confirmed.

The Glebe II. And be it further enafted, by the Authority aforefaid, That the Scite to3ntvL Ufo***	l^e Mefluage and the other Lands and Hereditaments fo granted and

declared by given, or agreed to be granted and given in Exchange by the faid Matthew the 1 d-nture* Tomlinfon to the faid William Mellijh the Father, and Charles Mellijh their a8'h7Mayd Heirs and Afligns, by the faid Indenture of the Thirtieth Day of Odober 1807^	One	thoufand	feven	hundred and fixty-two, as herein-before is mentioned

and recited (being the Lands and Hereditaments mentioned in the Firfl Schedule to this Act annexed) and all Commons, Trees, Woods, Urider-wooas, Ways, Waters, Watercourfes, Liberties, Privileges, Eafements, Profits, Commodities, Hereditaments, and Appurtenances whatfoever, to the faid Scite, Lands, and Hereditaments fo granted and given, or agreed to be granted and given in Exchange by the faid Matthew Tomlinfon to the faid William Mellijh the Father, and Charles Mellijh, their Heirs and Afligns as aforefaid, belonging or in anywife appertaining, and the Reverfion and Reverfions, Remainder and Remainders yearly, and other Rents, llfues, and Profits of all and fingular the fame Scice, Lands, and Hereditaments, (hall from and after the palling of this Aft, be fettled, limited, and allured, and fhall go and remain to the Ufes, upon and for the Trulls, Intents, and Purpofes, and with, under, and fubjeft to the Powers, Provifoes, Declarations, and Agreements to which the fame were conveyed and allured, or exprefled or intended to be conveyed and allured by the faid herein-before recited Indentures of Leafe and Releafe ol the Twenty-feventh and Twenty-eighth Days of May One thoufand eight hundred and l'even, or fuch and fo many of the lame Ufes, Tiufls, Intents Purpofes, Provifoes, Declarations, and Agreements as fhall be fubfifting, undetermined, and capable of iakingEffeft, fubjeft to theTythes out of, or payable for or in refpeft of the faid Hereditaments andPremile>.

6	III. And

480 GEORGII III. Cap. j 2 £,

2397

III.	And be it further enafted by the Authority aforefaid, Thai tfie Certain Pre-Meffuages, Lands, and Hereditaments i'o granted and given, or agreed "u-vSrofm to be granted and given in Exchange by the faid IVilliam Mellijh the Blyth* Father, and Charles Mellijh> to the faid Matthew Tomlirfon and hi s Suc-

celTors, Vicars of Blyth aforefaid, by the faid Indenture of the Thirtieth Day of Oftober One thoufand feven hundred and fixty-uvo, as hereinbefore is mentioned and recited (being the MefTuage, Lands, and Hereditaments mentioned in the Second Schedole to this Aft annexed) and all Houfes, Outhoufes, Edifices, Buildings, Barns, Stables, Yards, Gardens,

Commons, Trees, Woods, Underwoods, Ways, Waters, Watercourfes,

Liberties, Privileges, Eafements, Profits, Commodities, Hereditaments, and Appurtenances whatfoever, to the faid Meffuagc, Lands, and Hereditaments fo granted and given, or agreed to be granted and given, in Exchange by the faid IVilliam Mellijh the Father, and Charles Mellijh, to the laid Matthew Fomfhifon and his Succeffors, Vicars of Blyth aforefaidy belonging or in anywife appertaining, and the Reverfion and Reverfions*

Remainder and Remainders, yearly, and other Rents, Blues, and Profits of all and fingular the fame Meffuage, Lands, and Hereditaments, lhall, from and after the palling of this Aft, be fettled upon and verted in the faid Robert Pritchard and his Succeffors, Vicars of Blyth for the Time being.

IV.	Saving always to the King's moft Excellent Majerty, His Heirs and Saving Succeffors, and to all and every other Perfon and Pcrfons, Bodies Politic

and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, and Adminiftra-tors (other than and except the faid Henry Francis Mellijh, and the Heirs Male of his Body, and all Perfons entitled, or to become entitled under the Will of the faid Edward Mellijh, to the Hereditaments thereby de-vifed, and other than and except the laid Robert Pritchard and his Suc-ceffors, Vicars of Blyth for the Time being, and the faid Mafter, Fellows, and Scholars of Trinity College aforefaid, and their Succeffors and Afligns,

Patron of the Vicarage of Blyth for the Time being) all fuch Ellate,

R-ight. Title, Intereft, Claim, and Demand whatfoever, of, in, to, or out of the Premifes refpeftively, fo to be fettled, limited, allured, and verted by this Aft, as they, every, or any of them had or were entitled to before the palling of this Aft, or could or might have had, held, and enjoyed, in cafe this Aft had not been made.

V.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft fhall be printed by the 1'vi;,encc-Printer to the King's molt Excellent Majelly, and a Copy thereof fo printed, lhall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Jurtices, and others.

[Lie. U Per.2

27 B— C

THE

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 125.

THE FIRST SCHEDULE, Referred to by the foregoing Ad.

	Eftimated  Quantity.	Quantity.	Yearly Value.
The Scite of a Meffuage, formerly adjoining to the Church Yard, in	A. R. P.		
Blyih aforefaid, in the Occupation of 1 homasNettleftiip, but now in the Occupation of the faid Jofhua Walker - - -	O 0 12		O  co  O
A Piece or Parcel ofLandorGround, in Blyth aforefaid, formerly called Vicarage Yard, now Part of a Field called the Ambry Croft, in the Occupation of Charles Champion - -	O 2 24		I 2 9
Another Piece or Parcel of Land or  Ground in a Ciofe formerly called the Weft Briber Hill Ciofe, in Blyth afcrelaid, in the Occupation of Nicholas Greaves, but now Fart of a Field called Briber Hill Fields in the Occupation of the faid Charles Champion	0 2 23		I 2 7
Another Piece or Farcel of Land or Ground, in a Ciofe in a certain Furlong in Spittle Field, in Blyth aforefaid, formerly in the Occupation of Benjamin Wilfon, but now Part of a Field or Ciofe called Cun dale Field, in the Occupation of Thomas Greaves ■»	0 3 13		1 5 0
	2 0 33	-	3 13 4

John Horncaftle.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 125.

THE SECOND SCHEDULE, Referred to by the foregoing Adh

	Quantity.	Yearly Value.
A Mefluage or Tenement in Blyrh aforefaid, with the Barn, Stable, Coach Houfe, and	A. R. P.	£■ '•
other Buildings, Yard, Gardens, and Croft thereunto adjoining and belonging, formerly in the Occupation of Jofeph Rogers and now of the faid Robert Pritchard, Vicar of Blyth aforefaid	1 1 2*	16 O 0
A Piece or Parcel of LrikI or Ground in a Field, formerly called the Spittle Field, in the Long Brecks Furlong, but now called the T ong Brecks, in the Occupation of John Parkin *	1 0 5	i 8 10
	2 I 29	17 8 10

•i John Horneaftle.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's moil Excellent Majefty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORG! I III. REGIS.

*#4HM*******************************+*#*♦*************

Cap. 126.

An A& to enable fohn Holton Vere, Devi fee for his own Life in Poffeffion of certain Freehold and Copyhold Eftates, fituate at or near Kilburn, in the Pariftvof Hampfead, in the County of Middlefex, under and by virtue of the Will and Codicil of Holton Vere, late of Habit Martin s Lane, in the faid County of Middlefex, Gentleman, deceafed, to grant Building Leafes of the fame Eftates for any Term not exceeding the Term of Ninety-nine Years.	[18th June 1808.]

WHEREAS Holton Vere, in and by his lad Will and Tefta-menc in Writing, bearing Date on or about the Thirty-firft Day of January, which v/as in the Year of our Lord One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, duly executed and atteded in fuch Manner as by Law is required for the devifing and paffing of Freehold Eftates of Inheritance, after giving and devifing unto his Brother Samuel Vere One clear Annuity or Yearly Rent Charge of Fifty Pounds ro be iffuing and payable out of his Freehold Eftate fituate at Kilburn, in which he Cthe faid Teftator) had for fome Years paft refided, known by the Name of Kilburn IVells, and the Lands thereto belonging, and alfo out of his Copyhold Eftate thereto adjoining, held of the Manor of Hampjlead, in the County of Middlefex, which Copyhold Land he had iurrendered 10 the Ui'e of his Will, payable Half-yearly, with the ufual [Loc. & PerJ\	2.7	D	Ciaule

Will of Hol-

tonVere,dated 31ft January 1799, recited.

2<j-06

488 GEORGII III. Cap. 126.

'Claufe of Diftrefs and Entry for Recovery of the fame Annuity or Yearly Rent Charge (in cafe the fame fhould be in arrear) the laid Teftator gave and devifed all and fingufar the faid Freehold and Copyhold Premifes (but (.harmed and chargeable as aforefaid) unto his Nephew the faid John Holton Vere, Son of the laid Samuel Verey for and during the Term of his natural I/fe \ and from and immediately after the Determination of that Eftate by forfeiture or otherwife, he gave and deviled the fame unto certain'Tuftees therein named, in Trull only, to prelerve and fupport the contingent Remainders and Ules tberein-after limited from being defeated, neverthelefs to permit and fuller his faid Nephew, the faid John Holton Here, to receive and take the Rents, Blues, and Profits thereof for and during t\e Term of his natural Life, and from and after the Deceafe.of his faid Nephew, the faid John Holton Vere, to the Uie of the firft and every other Son of his Body, feverally and fuccellively. according to their rerpe£tive Seniorities, in Tail Male; and for want of fuch Ilfue, to the Ufe of the firft Daughter of the laid John Holton Vere, lawfully begotten or to be begotten, and to the Heirs of the Body of fucli Daughter lawfully iffuing •, and for Default of fuch Ilfue, then to the Ufe and Behoof of the Second, Third, and all and every other Daughter and Daughters of the faid John Holton Vere, lawfully begotten or to be begotten, feverally and fucccflively, as they fhall be in Seniority of Age and Priority of Birth, and for Defaulc of luch Ilfue, to the right ! leirs Codicil there- 0f the faid Teftator: And whereas the faid Holton Vere, by a Codicil to january^iSool his kid recited Will, bearing Date on or about H e Twenty-feventh Day of January, which was in the Year of our Lo d One thouland eUht bundled, did revoke the Gram of the faid Annuity of Fitry Pounds fo given to the laid S'amuelVere his Brother, as aforefaid, and alio the De-vife of his faid Freehold Eftate, and did by his faid Codicil now in recital give, devife, and bequeath his faid Freehold Eftate, fituate at Kil-burn and Kilburn Wells, unto his Executory John Mi dale ton, of ' a inti Martin's Lane* and Henry PVa> dell, of Old Gravel Lane, their Heirs and Alf.gns, forever, in Trull, in'the firft Place, to raife thereon, by Mortgage or otherwife, fuch Sum and Sums of Money as might be neceffarv completely to make up any Deficiency which might happen to be in the Produce of the other Parts of his Eftate, it being his Will that after Payment of all his Debts,. Funeral Expenses, and the Kxpence of proving his Will, and all other necelLry Charges, that all the Legacies mentioned in his Will be duly paid and fatisfied (except fuch as might become lapfed) with Intereft from the Time they fhould be paid, and with the Payment of fuch Legacies he did make all his Eftate chargeable and fub-je£l to luch Mortgage to be made for railing fuch Sum of Money as aforefaid, he did by his faid Codicil again make and continue his faid Eftate charged and chargeable with the Payment of he Lid Annuity of Fifty Pounds to his faid Brother Samuel Vere. and fubjeft thereto and charged and chargeable as aforefaid, in Truft for his faid Nephew John Holton Vere, and for fuch other Eftate and Dilates, Intents and Purpofes, as in his faid recited Will is exprelfed and declared, and making the faid Eftate chargeable as aforefaid,for the Defaults aforefaid ; and revoking the refiduary Claufe in his faid Will, he did in all other Refpcifts confirm his faid recited Will: And whereas the faid Holton Vere Ihortly after the Date and Execution of the faid recited Codicil departed this Life, without altering or revoking his faid Will otherwife than as appears by fuch Codicil; and the faid Will and Codicil were duly proved by the Execu-*9	lots

2407

48aGEORGII III. Cap. 126.

tors therein named in the Prerogative Court of the Archbifliop of Canterbury : And whereas all the Debts owing by the faid Teftator Holton Vere at the Time of his Death, and all the Legacies and Bequefts given and bequeathed by him in and by his faid recited Will and Codicil, have been fully paid and difcharged by the laid Executors out of his Perional Eftate which came to their Hands by virtue of the faid Will and Codicil:

And whereas, in ccnfequence of the Perfonal Eftate of the faid Holton Vere being adequate to the Payment of fuch Debts and Legacies as afore-faid, it became unneceflary for ihe faid John Middleton and Henry Warded to refort to or exercife the faid Powers or Authorities to them given and referved by the faid recited Codicil, and which have therefore never been-reforted to or exercifed : And whereas the faid John Holton Vere intermarried with Lydia Nudds on or about the Third Day of December One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, and hath Iffue Five Children, videlicet, three Sons, namely, John Hoiton, Henry, and Samuel Henry, and Two Daughters, namelv, Lydia Alexandre, and an Infant, not yet chriftened, born the Twelfth Day of April lalt, and no other Child, and all the faid Children are under the Age of Twenty-one Years : And whereas, from'the great Increafeof Buildings at and in the Neighbourhood of Kilburn aforefaid, and from the Situation of the faid Freehold and Copyhold Hereditaments and Premifes'in which the faid John Holton Vere is Tenant for Life, under and by virtue of the faid recited Will and Codicil as aforefaid, being well adapted for Building Ground, the frid Freehold and Copyhold Hereditaments and Premifes confiding of Five Acres Three Roods and Thirty-eight Perches, would, if let on Building Leafes, become of confiderably greater annua! Value than the fame are at prefent, by which Means, as well the faid John Holton Vere, the Tenant for Life, as the feveral Perfons ro whom the fame Freehold and Copyhold Hereditament and Premifes are iimited in Remainder after his Deceafe would be much benefited: But irrafmuch as the faid John Holton Vere cannot grant Leafes for any longer Term than his own Life, fuch Grant is not fufficient to encourage Builders and others to lay out Money in erecting Buildings thereon; wherefore Your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal Subject, the laid John Holton Vere, for himfeif and his infant Children, doth moft humbly befeech Your Majefty that it may be enacted ; and be it enafted by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the A ivice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid John Tenant fjr Hoiton Vere, during his Life, and after his Deceale, to and for the Perfon hin"DJceafcCr or Perfons who for the Time being would, under the Devifes contained Perfom «nti-in the laid Will or Codicil of the faid Holton Vere, be for the Time being LwSofoJ* a&ual y entitled to the Melfuages and other Hereditaments thereby de- Yea-sfcr viied. if luch Perfon or Perfons (hail be or full Age; but if iuch Perfon or Biuld Perfons (hall be under Age, then to and for his, her or their Guardian or Guardians refpeckively during his, her or their Minority or refpeftive Minorities, by indenture or Indentures to be by them refpc&ively fealed and delivered in the Pref nee of, and attefted by Two or more credible Wit-nelles, to grant, appoint, or demife all or any Part or Parts of the Freehold and Copyhold Pieces or Parcels of Land, Hereditaments, and other the Premifes compriled in and demifed by the faid Will and Codicil of the faid Holton Vere as hcein-before is mentioned, and in the Schedule to this Att annexed more particularly deferibed, to any Perfon or Perfons who (hall be willing to build upon the faid Hereditaments, or any Part of

5408	41TGE0RGII	III. Gap. 126.

theTame, and who {hall covenant or agree fo to do, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Ninety-nine Years, commencing from the Day next before the Day of the Date of fuch Leafe or Leafes, or calculated from fome Day then pad, and either with or without any Quantity of Land, which {hall be thought convenient to be holden with the fame refpsQively as a Garden, Paddock, or Area, or for Vaults, Out-houfes, Stables, or Buildings, or for any other Purpofe of Convenience /o the Occupiers of the Laid Houles refpeclively, but fo that every fuch Leafe {hall be granted on the Terms,and fubjeft to the Reftrictions, Conditions,Provifoes, Rems, Refervations,and Covenants herein-after mei tioned;; and that it {hall and may be lawful to and for the {'aid John Holton Vers, during his Life, and after his Deceafe to and for the Perfon or Perfons fo for the Time being a&ually entitled as herein-before is mentioned, if fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall be of full Age j but if fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall be under Age, then to and for his, her, cr their Guardian or Guardians rc-fpeftively during his,her, or their Minority or refpe&ive Minorities, by Indenture or Indentures fo to be by him fealed and delivered, and to be at-telled as herein-before is mentioned, to grant and give Licence to any Perfon or Perfons who fhall be willing to build upon the faid Land and Premifes, or any Part thereof, in Manner by the Leafe or refpe&ive Leafes to be granted thereof to befpecified, to take down all or any Part or Parts of the Buildings {landing upon the Premifes in any fuch Leafe or Leafes .to be refpe&ively comprifed, and to convert and difpofe of the Materials thereof to fuch Ufes and Purpofes as fhall be therein mentioned and agreed upon; and alfo that it may and fhall be lawful for the faid John Holton Vere during his Life, and after his Deceafe for the feve-ral other Perfon or Perfons herein-before mentioned, to lay out and appropriate, or caufe to be laid out and appropriated for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Ninety-nine Years, to commence and be computed as herein-before is mentioned, any Part of the Premifes as or for a Square or Squares, Street or Streets, or Way or Ways, or Path or Paths, for the general Benefit of the Perfons occupying the Houf s fo to be built upon as aforefaid, or being in the Neighbourhood of the fame ; and for fecuring the Ufe and Benefit of the faid Squares, Streets, Ways, or Paths, to grant and appoint and demife the Land appropriated for that Purpofe, to any Perfon or Perfons, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Ninety-nine Years, to commence and be computed as herein-before is mentioned.

Cnftom of the II. And whereas by the Cuftom of the Manor of Hampjliad, in the lum°rtead County of Middlefex (of which Manor fuch Parts of the faid Eflates as recited.W are Copyhold are holden}, no Demife can be made of the faid Hereditaments and Premifes, for any greater or larger Term than Twenty-one Years, and in regard that Part of the faid Copyhold Lands lie in front of the Freehold, and next to the high Road there, fo that it now is in fome Cafes nectfl'ary, and it may become neceilary in other Cales to demife and leafe Parts of the laid Copyhold Premiles, as w-ell in feparate Power to de- Lot's as together, with Part of the Freehold Eflate aforefaid ; be it further )"oWsforCai,y" ena&ed by rhe Authority aforefaid, That it {hall and may be lawful for Years, and to the faid John Holton Vere during h.s Life, and after hrs Deceafe to and for rcnew^omake 1^ie Perfon or Perfons fo for the Time being entitled as herein-before is ».p 99 Years, mentioned, if fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall be of full Age, but if fuch ^nt'witMhc Perfon or Perfons ^all be under Age, then to and for his, her, or their Freehold, “	Guardian

24c9

4.8“ GEORG 11 III. Cap. 126.

Guardian or Guardians during their refpedtive Minorities (in any Cafe where they refpedtively fhall deem it neceffary or expedient) to dernife and grant the fame for the Term of Twenty-one Years (having obtained Licence from the Lord or Lady of the faid Manor, according to the Cuftom of the faid Manor) and in luch Grant or Dernife to covenant and agree with the Lefl'ee, at the Cofts ol fuch LefTee, his Executors, Adminiftra-tors, or Afligns (except as to licence to dernife), to renew the fame at the Expiration of the faid Term of Twenty-one Years fo to be granted for a further Term of Twenty-one Years, or fuch further Term lefs than Twenty-one Years as fhall be agreed upon, and for fo many fucceflive Terms of Twenty-one Years, or other Number of Years, as according to the Cuftom of the faid Manor may be granted, and not exceeding in the Whole the Term of Ninety-nine Years, to be computed from the Day next before the Day of the Date of the Leafe then propofed to be granted, or from fome previous Day ; and that all and every fuch Covenants and Agreements fo entered into and granted fhall be binding and obligatory upon the Perfon and Perfons who for the Time being fhall fuccefiively be or become entitled in PoffelTion to the faid Lands or Tenements com-prifed in fuch Leafe or Dernife, under or by virtue of the faid recited Wi l and Codicil of the faid Holton Vere, and upon the Lands and Tenements tefpecfively.

III.	Provided always. That there (hall be referved in and by all fuch Rcfoierionan Leafes refpedtively to be granted as aforefaid, the befl improved yearly JJJJ,'c"lu Rent that can be reafonably had or gotten for the fame, and that all fuch the j-eaiest Leafes fhall be granted without any Fine, Premium, or Foregift, or any

Thing in the Nature of a Fine being taken for the granting thereof, and fo as there be contained in every fuch Leafe Covenants from the refpedtive Leffees for the Payment of the Rent by fuch Leafes refpedtively referved, and to build and keep in Repair the feveral Meffuages, Eredtions, and Buildings which may be agreed to be eredted and built on the Premifes, and to keep fuch feveral Meffuages, Eredtions, and Buildings in fuch Leafes refpedtively comprifed, infured from Lofs or Damage by Fire to the Amount of Three-fourths of the Value thereof, in fome of the Public Offices for infuring againft Damage by Fire within the Cities of London or Wejlminjler, and to furrender and leave in Repair the Meffuages, Erections, and Buildings to be eredted and built, or rebuilt and repaired upon the Premifes thereby refpedtively to be leafed at the End of the Terms of fuch Leafes refpedtively granted ; and in cafe any Part of the Premifes fhall be Copyhold, a Covenant for Payment by fuch Leffee of all fuch Fines which during his or her Term fhall become due and payable to the Lord or Lady of the faid Manor for the Time being, by reafon of the Admiffion of any Tenant to the fame on Occaftpn of the Death of a Tenant, beyond the Sum paid by the faid Jobn&iSI/on Vere on his Ad-miflion thereto, and fo as there be alfo contained irCevery fuch Leafe Pro-vifoes, or Conditions of Re-entry for Non-payment of the Rent to be thereby refpedtively referved, or Non-performance of the Covenants,

Piovifoes, or Agreements on the Part of the refpedtive Leffees, and fo as the refpedtive Leffees do feverally execute Counterparts of their refpedtive Leafes.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That all the Cods, Tenant for Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the applying for and Me to near

ILtc.UPtr. j	27 £	obtaining

Hio	48'GEORGII	III.	Cap.126.

obtaining-and palling this Aft, and of carrying the fame into Execution, IhalEbepaid, defrayed, and difcharged by the, .aid John Holton Vere out of his own proper Monies:	'	.

f-eraisav. V. Saving always to the King^ mofl Excellent Majefty, His Heirs and mg au e. SuccefforV, and to all and every other Perfonsand Perfon, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his and their Heirs, Succelfors, Executors, and Adminiltra-t6rs,(other than and except the faid John Holton Vere and his Sons now born, or hereafter to be bo»n, and the Heirs Male of their refpe&ive Bodies, and his Daughters now born or hereafter to be born, and the Heir^ of their refpedive Bodies, and the Heirs and Afiigns of the faid Holton Vere, and the faid John Middleton and Henry War dell and their Heirs, and all other Perfons eptitletfdr to become entitled to Lhe faid Hereditaments and Premifes under the faid Will and Codicil i f the faid Holton Vere) all fuch Eftates, Rights, Titles, Interefls, Claims, and Demands wiiatioever, of, into, upon, or out of the faid Lands and Premifes to be leafed, or demiffd asaforefaid, every or any Part or Parcel thereof, 3s they, every or any of them had before the palling of this Ad, or could or might have held and enjoyed in cafe this Ad had not been made.

Act to be M „ VI. And be it further enaded. That this Ad lhall be printed by the Kmg’s'1 j'rin-£ Printer to the King’s molt Excellent Maje.iy, and a Copy thereof « ,°ami toic: fo printed lhall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Juf-

Evade^ce,35 tices, and others.

The

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 126.

2411

The SCHEDULE to which this Adi refers.

Defcription of Premifes.	Prefent Rent.	Name of the Tenant.	
Cottage, and about 1") Rood and i4Perches > of Land - - j	* * -	1	In the Foffeflion of Mr. Vere himfdf.
The Bell Public Houfe, "I with Garden, and j Land let with the V Public Houfe,in the . whole 5 Acres 2 J Roods 14 Perches J	£yo. Rent for theHoufe and Garden;  £30. Rent for the Land.		Originally let byTeftator to	  Errington for Twenty-one Years, of which Six Years and a Half to come at Midfummer 1808, but now afligned to Mefl’rs. Callardine and Lovelock, v. ho have underlet Part of the Land to William Hayes, and he has ere&ed a fmall Houfe and Sheds on that Part of it.

An additional Rent of £y is paid by the Lefiees of the Publick Houfe, in confider-ation of Mr. Vere having given Leave to them to underlet to William Hayes Part of the Land at £60 a-Year, in which Leafe Mr. Vere has joined, and fuch £60 a-Year is to be payable to him after the Expiration of the Leafe granted to--------Errington.

Total prefent Rental £ioy.

John Nezufon, Surveyor.

Thomas Francis Jennings.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majefty. 1808.

::xj





31i>V .iM r

-------c

knit su

V	L	'•	•'	J..

• ' .	i:	#.v-f

i ;	<

. • - a i . .....	•

■	DJ1C ‘	'	n

1 1



• r : : .1











i; r. tjgi

Ij/K-i . j

,■ - r it • a

■

• • 1	r.+	»





V

.

0' f» « ri t:

L .. i s, :

•? 1 1	-	tit

-•tr .1	.tI-'	...	-	:	5

'	■	,11"	{•■	’S	i'UA	:	f



.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGI1 III. REGIS.

•)MtlM*#************H|^********JMHMHHe#***********t*****«*

Cap. 127.

An Act for enabling Sir Ofwald Mojley Baronet, to grant certain Lands and Hereditaments in the Parifh of Manchejler in the County Palatine of Lancajler, for the Purpofes of the Manchejler Public Infirmary, Difpenfary, Lunatic Hofpital, and Afylum ; and for veiling the Property and Effedts belonging to the faid Charity in Truftees for the Benefit thereof.

[18th June 1808.]

W'HEREAS in the Year of our Lord One thoufand feven hundred and fifty-three, divers Perfons in Manchejler, and in the Neighbourhood thereof, fubferibed confiderable Sums of Money for the Purpofe of eftablilhing a Public Infirmary, tor the R elief of fuch difeafed and wounded Perfons as were from indigent Circumftances unable to fupply themfelves with medical AlTilfar.cc : And whereas by Indenture,. bearing Date the Third Day of December which was in the Year of our Lord One thoufand feven hundred and fifty-three, and made or mentioned to be made between Sir Ofwald Mojley of Ancoats in the Parilh of Manchejler, in the County of Lancajler, Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Manchejler aforefaid (Tmce deceafed,) of t^e one Part; and George Lloyd of Hulme, in the faid Parifh of Manchejler, Efquire, Edward Greaves and Edward Byrom, both of Manchejler aforefaid, Efquires, James Majfey of Salford, in the faid County of Lancajler, Efquire, Miles [Lee. & Eer-2	27	F	Qowsr

Leafe of the 3d December *753*

24H

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 127.

Bower of Manchejler aforefaid, Gentleman, John Bradjhaw of Manchejler aforefaid, Efquire, Robert Booth of Salford aforefaid, Efquire, James JVilker of Ardwick, in the fame County of Lancajler, Dodtor in Phyfic, John Lees, Robert Livefey, Nathaniel Philips, and Samuel Mellor, all ot Manchejler aforefaid, Merchants, of the other Part; reciting, that the faid Sir Ofwald Mojley was feifed in his Demefne as of Fee to him and his Heirs of and in a certain Field or Clofe of Land in Manchejler aforefaid, called The Dobe Hole Field therein-after mentioned, and intended to be thereby granted and demifed ; and reciting, that a Public Infirmary or Hofpital, for the Relief of fick, difeafed, and wounded Perfons, was intended and agreed to be erefted within the Town of Manchejler, and maintained by the Subfcriptions and Contributions of the Truftees for the faid intended Hofpital or Infirmary, and other charitable and well-difpofed Perfons ; and that the faid Field or Clofe being a very proper and convenient Situation whereupon to eredt fuch intended Hofpital or Infirmary, the faid Sir Ofwald Mojley, in order to encourage fo laudable an Undertaking, had, upon Application being made to him by the faid Truftees and Subfciibers, and at their Inftance and Requeft, agreed to grant and demife the faid Field or Clofe called The Dobe Hole Field, whereupon the faid intended Hofpital or Public Infirmary and any other Buildings that fhould be deemed fitting for the Ufe and Benefit thereof, were intended to be erecled, for a Term of Nine hundred and ninety-nine Years to fuch and fo many of the Subfciibers to the faid Undertaking, as fhould by the major Part of the faid Truftees at a public Meeting or weekly Board, be nominated and appointed as Truftees for the Pnrpofes aforefaid, referving to himfelf and his Heirs, during the faid Term of Nine hundred and ninety-nine Years, the clear yearly Rent of Six Pounds, payable at the feveral Days and Times and in Manner therein-after mentioned; and alfo reciting that at the public Meeting or weekly Board of the faid Truftees held on the Day of the Date of the faid Indenture, the faid George Lloyd, Edward Greaves, Edward Byrom, James Majfcy, Miles Bower, John Bradjloaw, Robert Booth, James Walker, John Lees, Robert Livefey, Nathaniel Philips,zndSamuel Mellor, had been accordingly nominated to be Truftees for taking the faid Grant and Demife ; it was and is witneffed, that in purfuance of the faid Agreement, and in Confideration of the yearly Rent therein-after referved, and for other good Caufes and Confiderations, he the faid Ofwald Mojley did grant, demife, and leafe unto the faid George Lloyd, Edward Greaves, Edward Byrom, James Majfey, Miles Bower, John Bradjhaw, Robert Booth, James Walker, John Lees, Robert Livefey, Nathaniel Philips, and Samuel Mellor their Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns, all that Field, Clofe, or Parcel of Land, fituate, lying, and being at or near the upper End of a certain Street in Manchester aforefaid, commonly called or known by the Name of Dobe Hole Field, containing by Efti-mation One Acre and Twenty-^five Perches or thereabouts, be the fame more or lefs, theretofore in the Tenure or Occupation of Robert Whittaker then late of Manchester aforefaid. Gentleman, decealed, his Undertenant or Undertenants; afterwards in the Poffeflion, Tenure, or Occupation of Mary the Wife of John Ambler of Manchester, aforefaid Gentleman, theretofore the Widow of the faid Robert Whittaker, and then late in the Poffeflion, Tenure, or Occupation of the faid John Ambler and Mary his Wife, their or One of their Undertenant or Undertenants ; and alfo all and fingular Ways, Paths, Gates, Waters, Watercourfes, Liberties, Eafements, Privileges, Profits, Commodities, Emoluments, Hereditaments and Appurtenances

48® GEORGII III. Cap. 127.

2415

tenances whatfoever, to the faid thereby demifed Premifes or ally Part thereof belonging, or in any wife appertaining, or accepted, reputed, taken, or known as Part, Parcel, or Member thereof or appurtenant thereto in anywife, to hold the fame unto the faid George Lloyd, Edward Greaves,

Edward Byrorn, James Majfey, Miles Bower, John Bradjhaw, Robert

Booth, James Walker,	Lees, Robert Livefey, Nathaniel Philips, and

Samuel Mellor, their Executors, Adminiftrators, and Affigns, from the

Day next before the Day of the Date thereof, for and during, and unto

the full End and Termination of Nine hundred and ninety-nine Years

from thence next enfuing, and fully to becompleat and ended ; of Intent

neverthelefs, and in Truft for the feveral Ufes, Purpofes, and Agreements

relating to the Management, well Government, and Regulation of the faid

intended Infirmary or Hofpital, in manner of its Conftitution as fhould be

fettled and agreed upon at a General Meeting of the Truftees, and Sub-

feribers to be called for that Purpofe, and afterwards to be declared in an

Indenture agreed upon and then intended to be Ihortly made between the

faid Leffees of the one Part, and feveral other Perfons who were Subfcrib-

ers to the faid Charity in Behalf of themfelves, and all other the then pre-

fent and all future and fucceflive Subfcribers and Contributors to the faid

then intended Hofpital or Infirmary, of the other Part; yielding and paying

therefore yearly and every Year during the fa,id Term, unto the faid Sir Of-

wald Mojley, his Heirs| or Affigns, at or in his Manfion or Manor Houfe

called Ancoats Hall near Manchejler aforefaid, the Yearly Rent, or Sum of

Six Pounds, payable Half Yearly, as therein mentioned : And whereas iftandati

by Indentures of Leafe and Releafe, bearing Date repe&ively the 0ctoberf7*>

Firft and Second Days of Odober One thoufand feven hundred and

eighty-three, the Releafe of Three Parts, and made between Sir AJh-

ton Lever and John Peploe Birch of the Firft Part ; Sir John Parker Mojley

Baronet and Ofwald Mojley Efquire of the Second Part; and Jofiah Birch

cf Manchejler aforefaid, Efquire, the faid George Lloyd, James Majfey, and

James Walker, John Caryl Worjleyoi Platt, near Manchejler aforefaid, Efquire,

John Markland of Manchejler aforefaid, Efquire, George Johnfon of Timper-ley, in the County ofChefter, Efquire, Peter Mainwaring of Manchefter afore-faid,Doctor in Phvfic, Samuel Kay of Manchefter aforefaid, Doctor inPhyfic,

Richard Edward Hall of the fame Place, Surgeon, and Charles White of the fame Place, Surgeon, of the Third Part; reciting that it had been found ne-ceffary to enlarge the faid Infirmary and Lunatic Hofpital, and to lay out additional Yards, Courts, Gardens, and other Conveniencies, for which Purpofes the faid Jofiah Birch, George Lloyd, James Majfey, James Walker,

John Caryl Worfley, John Markland, George Johnfon, Peter Mainwaring,

Samuel Kay, Richard Edward Hall, and Charles White, had contracted and agreed with the faid Sir Afhton Lever and John Peploe Birch, with the Approbation of the faid Sir John Parker Mojley and Ofwald Mojley, for a Conveyance of the Clofes, Fields, or Parcels of Land therein-after particularly mentioned and deferibed ; it is witneffed, that they the faid Sir Aflston Lever Tend John Peploe Birch, with the Confent ofthe faid Sir John Parker Mojley and Ofwald Mojley, did bargain, fell, releafe, and confirm, and the faid Sir John Parker Mojley and Ofwald Mojley, did grant, bargain, and fell, reieafe, ratify and confirm unto the faid Jofiah Birch, George Lloyd, James Majfey, James Walker, John Caryl Worjley, John Markland, George Johnfon, Peter Mainwaring, Samuel Kay, Richard Edward Hall, and Charles White, their Heirs and Affigns, all that Plot or Parcel of Land or Ground lying and being near the public Infirmary and Hofpital in Manchejler aforelaid, bounded on the

moil

'24 *6

4.8° GEORGII III, Cap. 127.

rtiofi: Northerly Side by the faid Infirmary and Hofpital, and the Ground

^belonging thereto, and being in Length on that Side One hundred and eighty-fix Yards and Twelve Inches, on the moft Eafterly End by a Lane ■called Garrett Lane, and being in Length along the laid Lane, Eighty-nine Yards and Twelve Inches; on the mod Southeily Side by a certain Plot of Land laid out for a Street of Six Yards wide, intended to be called Street, and being in Length along the faid Street, in an irregular Line, One hundred and forty-three Yards and Twenty-four Inches; and on the mod Wefterly End thereof by another Plot of Land laid out fora Street of Twelve Yards wide, intended to be called Bath Street, and being in Length, along the faid Street, Fifty-five Yards and Two Inches, and being in the Whole Eleven thoufand two hundred and eleven fuperficial Square Yards of Land or Ground, or thereabouts, according to the Admeafurement then lately made of the faid Premifes ; and all Ways, Waters, Watercourfes, Paths, PafTages, Hedges, Ditches, Fences, Liberties, Eafemients, Privileges, Profits, Commodities, Advantages, Hereditaments, and Appurtenances whatfoever, to the faid Plot or Parcel of Land or Ground belonging or in anywife appertaining or accepted, reputed, taken, or known as Part, Parcel, or Member thereof, or of any Part thereof, together with free Liberty and Power for them the faid Jofiah Birch, George Lloyd, James Majfey, James Walker, John Caryl Worjley, John Markland, 'George Jobnfon, Peter Maimvaring, Samuel Kay, Richard Eduard Half and Charles 'White, their Heirs and Affigns, and all and every other Perfonor Perfons whomfoever, and all Horfes, Cattle, Coaches, Carts, and other Carriages from Time to Time, and at all Times, for ever thereafter, to go;, pafs and repafs to and from the faid Plot or Parcel of Land or Ground, or any Hotvfes, Edifices, or Buildings ere&ed thereupon, in, by, through, or over the faid Streets called Bath Street, and Street, and all other public-Streets and Ways then and thereafter to be made, laid out, and opened in and upon any other of the Lands of >the laid Sir John Parker Mojley and Ofwald Mojley, adjoining or near to the faid Plot or Parcel of Land therein-before mentioned, to be thereby granted and releafed between Garrett Lane aforefaid, and the River Tib, and alfo free Liberty and Power to and for the faid Jofiah Birch, George Lloyd, James Majfey, James Walker, John Caryl Worjley, John Markland,, George Johnfon, Peter Mainwaring, Samuel Kay, Richard Edouard Hall, and Charles White, their Heirs and Affigns, from Time to Time, and at all Times thereafter, at their Will and Pleafure, and at their own Expence, to make or fink all and every fuch Sough or Drain, Soughs or Drains, along the faid Streets called Bath Street and Street, to communicate with the Drains or Soughs made or to be made in the fame Streets, or any Part of the Land of the faid Sir John Barker Mojley and Ofwald Mojley, between Garrett Lane and the River Tib in Mar.chefter afortfaid, of fuch Depth and Width as ffiould be fuf-ficient to drain and keep dry the Cellars of the Buildings thereafter to be erected on the faid Plot or Parcel of Land or Grouhd thereby granted and releafed, and from Time to Time to repair all and every Sough and Soughs, Drain and Drains, making good the Damage to be thereby done or occasioned, and obftru&ing the Paffage of the faid Streets as little as mav be; and the Revcrfion and Reverfions, Remainder and Remainders yearly, and other Rents. Iflfues, and Profits, of all and fingular the faid Premifes thereby releafed, to hold the fame unto the faid jofiah Birch, George Lloyd, James Majfey, James Walker, John Caryl Worjley, John He :	Markland,

24t 7

' <ai

u

Skj.

STjij

ailsd

»».

i

kvch

Aer. sfej. ad or lien, reof, 'irA, Mit bard and che», s for *arcd iheit-.and after mds 5 or led, and faid srjl

H

red

ire,

or

nd

be

bn

:er

be

id

4

je

J

48°GEORGII III. Cup. 127;

Maryland) George Johnfon, Peter Mainworing, Samuel Kay. Richard Edward Hal I, and Charles White, their Heirs and Affigns for ever, yielding and paying yearly and every Year, for ever thereafter, unto the faid Sir Ajhton Lever and John Pcploe Birch, their Heirs and Afligns, the clear Annual Rent of Seventy-fix Pounds, at and upon the Twenty-fifth Day of December and Twenty-fourth Day of 'June in every Year, by even and equal half-yearly Payments, with the ufual Powers of Difirefs and Entry, and Perceptions of Rents and Profits, in cafe of Non-payment of the fame Rent at the Times and in the Manner therein mentioned :

And whereas befides an Infirmary or Hofpital and Afylum for Lu- Buildings have natic Patients, a Dilpenfary, Public Baths, and feveral other Buildings been uenoi, and Improvements have been ere&ed and made upon the Land and Hereditaments comprized in the faid Indentures of the Third Day of December One thoufand feven hundred and fifty-three, and of the Firfl and Second Days of October One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, for the Benefit of the faid Charities, which have been fupported and maintained by the Donations and voluntary Contributious of charitable and well-difpofed Perfons, and under the Direction and Management of or great Truftees; And whereas the faid Infirmary, Afylum, Dilpenfary, and Baths, Utility, are of greatUtility to the very populous Town and Neighbourhood of Man-cbejlcr aforefaid: And whereas by reafon of the Rents refer ved in the faid In- Douhts whe. dentures of theThirdDay of December One thoufand feven hundred and fifty- thcr inden-three, and theSecond Day of Odober Onethoufand fevenhundred and eighty- tMrCi aic'dUtJ* three refpeclively, and by reafon that neither of the faid Indentures, nor the faid Indenture of the Firfl Day of Odober One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three were duly inrolled, it is apprehendedthat the faid Indentures refpe£fively are void, as being, contrary to the Statute made and pafied in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majefly King George the Second, intituled. An Ad to refrain the Dfpoftion of Lands whereby the fame become unalienable: And whereas it w'ould be ofpublicUiility and tend totheEn- The maFr.g couragement and Support of the faid Infirmary, Afylum forLunatic Patients,	, r,'!'mifes

Difpenfary and Baths, i f t h e faid prefen t S i r Ofiaald hi of.cy, hislleirs or Affigns, would u nd to were empoweredto grant all fuchPart and Parts of the faid Lands and Premifes ment'of comprized as well in the faid Indentures of the Third Day of December the laid One thoufand feven hundred and fifty-three, as in the faid Indentures of the Intirmary* Firfl and Second Days of Odober One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, as he or they mall at the Time of fuch Grant or Grants be feized of in Fee Simple, or fhall have a Power of Difpofal over the Fee thereof, to fuch Perfons and on fuch Terms as may be agreed upoii between him the faid prefent Sir Ofwald Mofley and the Trullees for-and Benefactors to the faid Charities for the Purpofes thereof, and alfo if the Property and Effects belonging to the faid Charities were veiled in Truftees for the Benefit thereof; but fuch Purpofes cannot be cffeSed without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: Wherefore Your Majefly’s mofl dutiful and loyal Subje£ts the faid prefent Sir Ofwald Mojlcy,

Thomas Stanley Efquire, and John Blackburne Efquire, who are Sub-feribers and Benefactors to the laid Charities (on Behalf of themfelves and the other Subfcribers and Benefactors to the faid Charities),

Do mofl humbly befeech Your Majefly that it may be enacted ; and

be it enacted by he King’s mofl Excellent Majefly, by and with

the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this prefent Parliament aftembled, and by the Authority

of the fame, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid pre- sir Ofwald

fent Sir Ofwald Mofley, his Heirs and Affigns, or any of them, or M°fley cm-

r r	n	r	Powered to

lUc. S31 Pff.]	27	G	■	any	kecutc

2418	48"	GEORG	11 III. Cap. ti7.

g™ nd tbe iny ^er^on or Perfons as a Truflec or Trultees for him or them, at any Time or Times after the palling of this ACt, to make and execute fucli Grants, Releafes, Conveyances, or Aflurances, Grant, Releafe, Conveyance, or Affurattce of all and fingular, or fuch and fo many, or fuch Part and Parts of the faid Lands and Hereditaments comprized in the faid Indenture of Leafe of the Third Day of December One thoufand feven hundred and fifty-three, and the faid Indentures of Leafe and Releafe of the Firlt and Second Days of Odober One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three refpeCtively, or either or any of them, with the EreCtions, Edifices, Buildings, and Improvements thereon ereCted, built, and made, and other the Appurtenances, as he or they (hall at the Time of fuch Grants, Releafes, Conveyances, or Aflurances, Grant, Conveyance, Releafe, or Alfurance, be feized of in Fee Simple, or (hall have a Power of Appointment or Difpofal over the Fee thereof, unto fuch Per-fons as from Time to Time or at any Time or Times fhall be nominated and appointed Trultees for the Purpofe of accepting and taking fuch Grants, Releafes, Conveyances, and Aflurances, Grant, Releafe, Conveyance, or Aflurance, by the major Part of the Benefactors and Subfcribers to the faid Charities for the Time being, prefent at any Meeting to be holden in the Board Room of the faid Infirmary, after Fourteen Days previous Notice by Advertifement, to be inferted in fome or one of the Man-cbejler Newfpapers for that Purpofe, their Heirs and Afligns, upon the Trulls and for the Purpofes herein-after mentioned, referving or not as to the faid prefent Sir Opwald Mofley, his Heirs or Afligns fhall feem expedient of the faid feveral Rents of Six Pounds and Seventy-fix Pounds relerved by the faid Indentures of the Third Day of December One thoufand feven hundred and fifty-three, and Second Day of Odober One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, which Grants, Releafes, Conveyances, and other Aflurances, Grant, Releafe, Conveyance or other Aflurance, fhall, from the Time of making and executing thereof refpeCtively, be deemed, conflrued, and taken to be valid and effectual to ail Intents and Purpofes, the Statute made and parted in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Second, intituled, An Ad to reft rain the Difpofition of Lands whereby the fame became unalienable, or any of the Statutes of Mortmain in anywife notwithflanding; and fuch Trultees for the Time being fo to be appointed fhall be and are hereby accordingly empowered and enabled to accept and take the fame.

Property veft- II. And be it further enaCted, That the Property of all and fingular the

edm Truftcci. Money, Implements, Materials, Furniture, Goods, Chattels, and EffeCts, Matters and Things whatfoever, already belonging, due, or owing to the faid Infirmary, Afylum, Dilpenfary, and Charities, or the Subfcribers or BenefaClors thereto, in refpeCt or on account thereof, or which fhall hereafter be purchafed, fubferibed, contributed, or provided for the Purpofes of the faid Charities, fhall from and after fuch Nomination and Appointment of Trultees as aforefaid, be veiled in fuch Trultees fo to be nominated and appointed as aforefaid, their Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns, upon the Trulls, and for the Purpofes herein-after mentioned; and they are hereby authorized and empowered to caufe any AClion or Actions to be brought, and any Bill or Bills of Indictment to be preferred again!! any Perfon or Perfons, who fhall fteal, take away, break, fpoil, damage, or injure any fuch Money, Implements, Materials, Goods, Chattels, EffeCls, Matters, or Things whatfoever, or any of them, or any Part or Parts

thereof.

4.8°GEORGII III. Cap. 127.	.2419

thereof, anJ in allfuch Adions and Bills of Indictment refpe£tive!y it fliall be and be deemed and taken to be fufficient to date generally, that the Money, Implements, Materials, Goods, Chattels, Elledts, Matters, or Things, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, for which fuch Adtion or Adtions, or Bill or Bills of Indidlment fhall be preferred, is or are the Property of “ the Truftees for the Time being of the Manchejicr Infirmary,’’ without particularly mentioning or fpecifying the Names of the faid Truftees.

III.	And be it further enadted, That all Adlions and Suits to be com- Actions to be -menced and profecuted by or on Behalf of the Truftees of the faid Charities for the Time being, againft any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, in Name ot or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, (hall or may be lawfully com- rruftees. menced or inftituted and profecuted in the Name of any One of the faid Truftees for the Time being, as the nominal Plaintiff for or on Behalf of

the faid Charities, and all Adtions and Suits to be commenced and inftituted againft the Truftees of the faid Charities, for the Time being, fhall and may be commenced, inftituted, and profecuted againft One of the faid Truftees for the Time being, as the nominal Defendant for and on Behalf of the faid Charities, and the Death, Reftgnation, or Removal, or other Ad of any fuch Truftee for the Time being fhall not abate any fuch Adion, Suit, or Profecution, and that every Truftee or Truftees who fhall ,be named as Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, in any fuch Adion, Suit, or Profecution, fhall be indemnified out of the Funds of the faid Charities from all Cofts, Charges, and Expences which he or they may be put to or fuftaiu on Account of any fuch Adion, Suit, or Profecution.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Truftees fo to be nominated Truftees to and appointed as aforefaid, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, and

the Pleirs, Executors, and Adminiftrators of fuch Survivor refpectively, and for the Benefit theAffigns of fuch Truftees, or of the Survivors or Survivor of them refpec- ckari* tively fhall ftand and be feifed and poffeffed of and interefted in the Hereditaments and Premifes which have been fo demifed or granted as aforefaid, or which fhall or may be granted or oiherwife conveyed or affured by the (aid prefent Sir Ofwald Mofley, his Heirs or Affigns, in purfuance of the Power and Authority herein-before contained in that Behalf, and alfo of and in all and fingular the Money, Securities for Money, Implements, Materials, Furniture, Goods, Chattels and Effedts, Matters and Things whatfoever, which may become veiled in them in confequence of this Adi, and every Part thereof refpedtively, in Truft for and for the Benefit of the faid Charities and charitable Purpoies accordingly, and fubjedt to the Rules, Orders, and Regulations now made and ufed, qr fuch Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as fhall hereafter be made either with refpedl to the faid Lands, Buildings, Hereditaments, and Premifes, and the faid Goods and Chattels of the faid Infirmary, Difpen-fary, Lunatic Hofpital, and Afylum, or with refpedl to the Recommendation and Ad million of Patients, or otherwife relating to the Management,

.Regulation, and Government of the faid Charities, by the major Part of ,the Benefadlors and Subfcribers to the fame Charities for the Time being, prefent at any Meeting to be hclden in the Board Room of the faid Infir-jnary, after Fourteen Days previous Notice, in Writing, for that Purpofe, to be inferred in fome or one of the Manchejier Newfpapers, and which Rules, Orders, and Regulations the major Part of the laid Benefactors 6	and

M20	4Se GEORGII III. Cap.	127.

and Subfcribers at fuck Meeting, arc hereby empowered and authorized to make.

Appointment V. And be it further enacted, That when and fo often as the Number teisf" Trul* Truftees to be nominated and appointed for the Purpofes aforefaid fhall, by Death or Refignation, be reduced to lefs than Ten in Number, then it lhall and may be lawful to and for the Truftees or Truftee for the Time being of the faid Premifes already granted and demifed, or hereafter to be granted or otherwife allured as aforefaid, and fo by this Aft to be veiled as aforefaid, after Fourteen Days previous Notice, by Advertifement, for that Purpofe, to be inferted in one of the Manchejier Newfpapers, and they and he are and is hereby required to nominate and appoint any other Perforts to be Truftees for the Purpofes aforefaid, in the Place or Stead of the Truftees fo dying or refigning, andfo toties quoties; and that when and fo often as any new Truftee lhall be nominated or appointed for the Purpofes aforefaid, the old or continuing and refigning Truftees or Truftee for the Time being lhall convey and aftign all and lingular the Premifes then veiled in them or him upon the Trulls aforefaid, fo and in fuch Manner as that the fame may become legally and effeftualiy veiled in the furviving or continuing Truftees or Truftee, and in fuch new Truftees jointly or in fuch new Truftees wholly, as the Cafe lhall happen, their Heirs, Executors, and Adminiftrators refpeftively, according to the Nature and Quality of the Premifes in Trull for the laid Charities and charitable Purpofes as aforefaid.

Conveyance* VI. And be it further enabled, That all Conveyances, Alignments, and to be good.	Affu ranees, which lhall be made in purfuance of this Aft, lhall be good

and effeftual to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, notwithilanding the faid Statute of the Ninth Year of the Reign of his faid late Majefty King George the Second, or any of the Statutes of Mortmain.

General	VII.	Saving	always	to	the	King’s	moll	Excellent	Majefty,	His	Heirs and

Saving. 'SucceiTors, and to all and every Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Succeffors, Executors, and Adminiftrators, (other than and except the faid prefent Sir Qfwald Mojley, his Heirs, Executors, and Adminiftrators, and Truftee and Truftees, from and after the making of fuch Grant, Releafe, Conveyance, or Alfurance, Grants, Releafes, Conveyances or A durances as aforefaid ; and alfo other than and except the faiii Sir Robert Peel Baronet and Thomas Stanley Efquire refpeftively, and their refpeftive Heirs, Executors, and Adminiftrators, and the feveral other Subfcribers and Benefaftors to the faid Charities, fo far only as their refpeftive Interefts in the faid Premifes are affefted or intended to be affefted by this Aft), all fuch Eftate, Right, Title, and Intereft, in, to, or out of the Premifes or any Part thereof, as they, every, or any of them, had or, enjoyed before the palling of this Aft, or could or ought to have had or enjoyed in cafe this Aft had not been made.

Act ma be VIII. And be it further enafted, That this Aft lhall be printed by the given inEvi- Printer to the King’s moll Excellent Majefty, and a Copy thereof fo printed dcHce.	5e	admitted	as	Evidence	thereof	by	all	Judges,	Juftices,	and	others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyrf. and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moll Excellent Majefty. i8c8.

ANNO QUADRAGE3IMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Gap. 128.

An A6t for incloflng Lands in the Parifh of IFat-lington, in the County of Oxford.

[18th June 1808.]

WHEREAS there are within the Parifh of IVatlington, in the County of Oxfsrd, feveral Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paitures, and Open Down, Common, and Waite Lands: And whereas the Right Honourable George Earl of Macclesfield, John Henry Tilfon Efquire, Henry Hulton Efquive, John Fane Efquire, and others, are Lords of the Manor of IVatlington ; and the faid John Henry Tilfon is feifed of the Rectory or Parfonage Impropriate of Watlington aforelaid, and in Right thereof is entitled to certain Great Tythes arifing, growing, and payable within the faid Parilh of IVatlington below the Hill, and a!fo to the Great Tythes of certain Lands in the Liberty of Greenfield> in the faid Parifh of Watlington above the Hill; and is alfo Patron ct the Vicarage of Watlington: And whereas the Reverend Phineas Pelt Doctor in Divinity, claims to be entitled to the Great Tythes of certain Lands in IVatlington aforefaid below the Hill, as the Reftor of Newington, with the Chapelry of Britwell Prior thereunto annexed ; and the Reverend Andrew Price claims to be entitled to the Great Tythes of certain other Lands in Watlington aforefaid below the Hill, as Re&or of Britwell Salome in the laid C ounty : And whereas Thomas Stonor Efquire is Lord of the Manor of Honor, Pifhill, Bix, and JVarmfcomb, and as futfl is entitled to the Soil of, or Part of the Soil of [Loc. id Per.']	27	H	certaia

2422



Commit1-

/

/

48‘GEORGII III. Cap.12%.

certain Commons in the faid Parifli of Watlington, known by the Names of North Eiid Common, Chrifimas Common, Greenfield Green, and Seamsr Green, intended ro be hereby inclofed : And whereas Thomas Weld Efquiro is Lord of the ‘Manor of Minigrove, otherwife Megrove, in the laid County of Oxford, and as fuch is entitled to the Soil of a certain large Trad of Common or Wafte Ground called Minigrove, Part of which faid Manor, and of the faid Common or Wafte Ground, is within the faid Parifli of Watlington, and intended to be hereby inclofed ; and the faid Thomas IVeld alfo claims to be entitled to other Interefts in, over, and upon the faid Common or Wafte Ground within the faid Parifli: And whereas the faid Henry Hulton is Lord of the Manors of Watcomb and Ingham, in the faid Parifli of Watlington: And whereas Thomas Williams Clerk is Vicar of the Vicarage and Parifli Church of Watlington afore laid, and as fuch is entitled to certain Glebe Lands, and certain Tythes of Hay and Grafs, and Small Tythes yearly arifing, renewing, and increafing within the faid Parifli of Watlington, and alfo to a Com-pofition or Payment in Money ifluing and payable out of the faid Redory or Parfonage Impropriate, for Eleven Quarters of Wheat, Eleven Quarters of Barley, Three Quarters of Oats, Twenty Days Threfti of Wheat Straw, and Eight Days Threfti of Barley Straw : And whereas the faid George Earl of Macclesfield, John Henry Tilfon, Henry Hulton, and divers other Perfons, are Owners or Proprietors of, and interefted in, the Re* fldue of the faid Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paftures, Open Down, Common and Wafte Lands : And whereas ail Ad was palled in the Forty-firft Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled. An Ad for cmfolidaiing in One Ad, certain Provifions ufually inferted in Ads of Inclofure ; and for facilitating the Mode of proving the feveral Fads ufually required on the faffing of fuch Ads : And whereas the faid feveral Open and Common Welds within the faid Parilh are contiguous to.and intermixed with each other, and the refpedive Property of the feveral Owners and Occupiers lie intermixed and difperfed in fttiall Parcels, and are inconveniently fituated for Occupation, and in their prefent State incapable of any confiderable Improvement; and it would be very advantageous and beneficial to the leveral Perfons interefted therein, and in the faid Open Down, Common and Wafte Lands, if the lame were divided and inclofed, and fpecific Shares thereof allotted to the feveral Proprietors thereof, according to their refpedive Eftates* Rights, and Interefts therein; but fuch Divifion, Allotment, and Inclofure cannot be made without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it ena&ed by the King’s moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That Richard Davis of The Grove, in the Parilh of Aft on Rowan t, in the" County of Oxford, John Trumper of Harefield, in the County of Mid-Jlefex, and William Bujhnell of AJlon Tirrold, in the County of Berks, Gentlemen, and their Succefiors, to be eleded in the Manner hereinafter mentioned, fhall be, and they are hereby appointed Commiffioners for dividing, allotting, and inclofmg the faid Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paftures, Open Down, Common and Wafte Lands, and for carrying this Ad into Execution, Fubjed to the Powers, Regulations, and Diredions herein-after contained, and fubjed to fuch of the Powers, Regulations, Reftridions, and Provifions contained

2423

48“ GEORGII III. Cap. 128.

lalned in the fa id recited Ad, as are not varied or altered by, or repugnant to any of the faid CUufes, Provifions, or Regulations in this A d contained, and that all Matters and Things authorized or directed to be All A^s may-done and executed by or before the faid Commiflioners, for effedirtg the eotn-Purpofes aforefaid, may be done and executed by or before any Two of miflioncn. them ; and the fame when fo done fhall be as valid and effefihial as if done and executed by or before all the faid Commiflioners.

II. And be it further enacted, That in cafe the faid Richard Davis, Or Appointment any Perfon to be appointed in his Stead, fhall die before the finifhing of fion^Mhe the faid Divifion, Allotment, and Inciofure, or fhall negled, refufe, or Rj^m < f $i-become incapable to aft as a Commiflioner in the Execution of this A&^cIiaa‘ D‘*V|S* then and in fuch Cafe it (hall be lawful for the faid George Earl of Mac* clesfidd, and John Henry Tilfon Efquire, their Heirs or Afligns, by any Writing under their Hands, within Twenty-one Days after fuch Death,

Refufal, or Incapacity to ad fhall be made known to them, to nominate and appoint a proper Perfon (not interefted in the faid Divifion or Inciofure), to be a CommiiTioner in the Room and Stead of the faid Richard Davis, or of fuch ocher Perfon appointed in his Stead, fo dying, neglecting, refufing, or becoming incapable to ad as aforefaid ; and in cafe the Appointment faid John Trumper, or any Perfon to be appointed in his Stead, fhall die before the finilhing of the faid Divifion, Allotment, and Inciofure, or Room of John fhall negled, refule, or become incapable to ad as a Commifioner in the Trumpet. Execution of this Ad, then and in fuch Cafe it fhall be lawful for the faid Henry Hu ton-, his Heirs and Afligns, by any Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, within Twenty-one Days after fuch Death,

Refufal, or Incapacity fhall be made known to him or them, to nominate and appoint a proper Perfon (not interefted in the laid Divifion and Inciofure), to be a Commiflioner in the Room and Stead of the faid John Trumper^ or of fuch other Perfon appointed in his Stead, fo dying, ne-gleding, refufing, or becoming incapable to ad as aforefaid ; and in Appointment cafe the faid William Bufljnel\ or any Perfon to be appointed in his Stead, of commit-fhall die before the finifhing of fuch Divifion, Allotment, and Inciofure, £°^l"fthe or fh<tll negled, refufe, or become incapable to ad as aforefaid, then and -viiiiam in fuch C fe it fhall be lawful for the faid Thomas Williams, and the other Ba*luel1* Proprietors of the faid Open Field Lands within the laid Parifh of IVat-lington (exclufive of the faid Geo'ge Earl of Macclesfield, John Henry ‘’Tilfon, and Henry Hutton, their Heirs and Afligns), in like Manner, and within the like Space of Time, to nominate and appoint fome proper and difinterefted Perfon to be a Commiflioner in the Room and Stead of the faid William Bujhnell, or of the Perfon appointed in his Stead, fo dying, negleding, refufing, or becoming incapable as aforefaid : Provided always. That if it fhall happen that the Peifons herein-before refpedively authorized and empowered to appoint fuch new Commiflioners, ihall not make any fuch new Appointment within the Time herein before for that Purpofe limited, then and fo often as it fhall fo happen, the fur-viving or remaining Commiflioners or Commiflioner from Time to Time Avail within Fourteen Days next after the Expiration of fuch Time allowed for appointing fuch new or fucceeding Commiflioner or Commiflioners as .aforefaid, appoint fome other fit and proper Perfon or Perfons to be a Commiflioner or Commiflioners in the Place and Stead of fuch Commif-fioner or Commiflioners fo dying, negleding, refufing, or becoming incapable to ad as aforefaid j and every new Commiflioner fo nominated

24-24

48-GEORGII III. Cap. 128.

and appointed under either of the Powers herein-bcfore given fhall, from and immediately after hb Appointment and taking the Oath prefcribed in that Behalf, have fuch and the like Powers and Authorities for carrying this Aft into Execution, to ali Intents and Purpofes, as if he had been named and appointed a Commiffioner in and by this Act.

IIT. And be it further enafted, That if any of the faid Comtniffionsrs fhall refufe or negleft to attend at the Firft and Second Meeting appointed , to be held for putting this Aft into Execution, and duly qualify himfelf by taking the Oath in that Behalf prefcribed (Notice being given to him of fuch intended Meeting, under the Hand of either of the Commif-fioners), or if any One of the faid Commiffioners fhall, after the Firft or Second Meeting, wilfully abfent himfelf from any Two fucceeding Meet* ings appointed to be held as aforefaid, he having firft known of fuch Meetings by his Prefence at their Appointment, or Notice thereof in Writing having been given him, or left at his ufual Place of Abode by the Clerk to the faid Commiffioners, and fuch Commiffioner not being prevented by Sickners or other reafonable Caufe, to be allowed by the other Commiffioners attending at fuch fubfequent appointed Meetings; or if any Commiffioner to be elefted and appoinred in the Manner aforefaid, fhall not attend and qualify himfelf at the Firft or Second Meeting after his Eleftion, to be appointed by the furviving or remaining Commiffioner for putting this Aft into Execution, or fhall then-after abfent himfelf in Manner aforefaid (having firft known or after fuch Notice), and without fuch Caufe as laft herein-before is mentioned, every fuch Abfence or Non-attendance fhall be deemed and taken to be a Refufal to aft.

IV.	And be it further enact-d, That William Rutt, of the City of Oxford, Land Surveyor, fhall be, and he is hereby appointed the Surveyor for executing the feveral Powers veiled in him by the faid recited Aft and this, Aft, and fnall be fubjeft to the Control and Direftions of the faid Commiffioners.

V.	And be ;t further enafted. That the faid Commiffioners Hull, and they ate hereby required to caufe Notice of the Time and Place of their Firft and every fubfequent Meeting for the Execution of this Aft, to be inferred in the Newfpaper called Jack fan's Oxford Journal, or in fome other Newfpaper ufually circulated within the faid County of Oxford, Eight Days at leaft before every fuch Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted); and if at any Meeting appointed to be holden by the faid Commiffioners not more than One of them fhall attend, the Commiffioner fo attending may adjourn fuch Meeting to fuch Time and Place, within Eight Miles of Watlington aforefaid, as fhall be deemed by him mod convenient-.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That all other Notices neceflary or requifite to be made and given by the laid Commiffioners, fhall be made and given by Advertifement to be inferted in the laid Newfpaper called Jackforis Oxford Journal, or in fome other Paper ufually circulated in the faid County of Oxford.

VII. And



:trj

i-td

tii

him

naif.

it or

[ft:.

iGch

fin

[tht

pre. idler w it laid, ifier m-ifcnt ia;

y

bi

of

tr-

ied

of

nil

ie

n

48° GEORGII III. Cjpyi2?>.	2425

VII.	And be it further ena&ed, That in order to fho.qen the Boundary Fences between the Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided, allotted, and incloied, and any adjoining Panfhes,, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Cointnilfioners, with the, Confent in Writing,

under the Hand or Hands of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the	1

Manor or Manors, or Owner or Owners of the Soil, and under the

Hands of the major Part in Value (fuch major Part to b*3 afcertained by

the Land Tax Affefiinents), of tl.e Land Owners in any Parifh or Parifhes

interefted in any Commons or Wade Grounds adjoining to the faid laft

mentioned Parifh, and alfo under the Hand or Hands of the Owner or

Owners of any adjoining Lands upon which fuch Fence or Fences are

intended to be made, to fet out and afcertain the Boundary Fences to be

made between the faid Commons and Wade Grounds adjoining to the

Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and allotted, in fuch

Manner as they (hall judge proper for the Purpofes aforefaid ; and after

fuch Boundary Fences (hall be fet out and afcertained as aforefaid, the

lame (hall be fenced by fuch Perfon or Pc-rfons, in fuch Manner, and at

fuch Time or Times as the faid Commiflioners (hall order and diredt in

and by their Award, and (hall be for ever thereafter deemed and taken to

be the Boundaries between the (aid Lands and Grounds hereby diredted

to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, and fuch adjoining Parifh or Parifhes;

any Law, Ufage, or Cuflom to the contrary notwithftanding.

VIII.	And be it further enadled, That if any Difpute or Difference For fettling (hall arife between any of the Parties interefted, or claiming to be intc- Dltfercnc-S* relied in the laid Divifion, Allotment, and Inclofure, touching or concerning any other Right, Matter, or Thing relating to the fame, it fhall

be lawful for the faid Commiflioners to examine into, hear, and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing herein contained fhall authorize the faid Commiflioners to determine the Title to any Meffuages, Cottages,

Tenements, Lands, or Hereditaments whatfoever.

IX.	And be it further enadled, That in cafe the faid Commiflioners Commir-(hall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Olv Sward*cSs. jedtion or Objections, Difpute or Difference to be brought before them

by virtue of this or the faid recited Adi, fee Caufe to award any Cofts, it (hall be lawful for the laid Commiflioners, and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpofe, to fettle, aftefs, and award fuch Cofts and Charges as they (hall think reafonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whofe Favour any Determination of the faid Commiflioners fhall be made, by the Perfon or Perfons whofe Claim or Claims, Objedtion or Objections, Difpute or Difference, (hall be thereby difallowed or over-ruled ; and in cafe the Perfon or Perfons who fhall be liable to pay fuch Cofts and Charges fhall negledt or refufe to pay the fame on Demand, then and in fuch Cafe it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands, diredted to any Perlon or Perfons whom-foever, to caule fuch Cofts and Charges to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons lb neglecting or re-fuflng to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any)%upon Demand, to the Perfon or Perfons whofe Goods and Chattels fhall have been fo distrained and fold, after dedu&ing the Cofts and Charges attending fuch Diftrefs and Sale.

[Lgc. b* Per.3	27	/

X. Provided

2426

Allowing Parties dilTa-

tikfiid with Dstcrmin*-

miflioners to try their

Rights at

Determina-•uiflioners, 'f to, (hall be

Death of Parties not to abate Actions.

In Cafes of Deaths of Parties before Aflions brouglit the fame to be carried on

48° GEORGII XII. Cap. 128.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That in cafe any Per. fon or Perfons interefted, or claiming to be interefted, in the laid intended Divifion, Allotment, or Inclofure, fhall be diffatisfied with any Determination or Order of the faid Commiflioners touching or concerning any Difpute or Difputes, Difference or Differences as aforefaid, or touching or concerning the Claim or Claims of any Rights or Interefts in and to the Soil of the faid Open Down, Common and Wafte Lands, or any Rights of Common, or other Rights or Interefts in, over, and upon the Lands and Grounds herein directed to be divided, allotted, and inclci'ed, or any Part thereof, it fhall be lawful for fuch Perfon or Perfons to proceed to a Trial at Law refpefting the Matter fo determined by the laid Commiflioners at the then next or the following Affizes to be holden for the faid County of Oxford; and for that Purpofe fuch Perfon or Perfons who fhall be dilfatisfied with the Determination or Order of the faid Com-miflioners. fhall caufe an Aftion to be brought upon a feigned Ifl'ue againft the Perfon or Perfons in whofe Favour fuch Determination iliall have been made, within Three Calendar Months next after fuch Determination or Order of the fail Commiflioners fhall be made; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Aftion or Actions fhall, and he, fhe, or they is and are hereby required to name an Atorney or Attornies, who fhall appear thereto, or file Common Bail, and accept One or more Ifl'ue or Iffues, whereby fuch Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on, may be tried and determined (fuch Ifl'ue or Ifiues to be fettled by the proper Officer of the Court in which’ fuch Action or Aftions fhall be commenced, in cafe the Parties fhall differ about the fame); and the Verdift or Verdicts which fhall be given in fuch Action or Actions fhall be final, binding, and conclufive upon all and every Perfon and Perfons whomsoever, unlefs the Court wherein fuch Aftion or Aftions /hall be brought, fhall let afide fuch Verdict or Verdifts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it fhall be lawful for the Court to do as is ufual in other Cafes; and after fuch Verdift or Verdifts fhall be obtained and not let afide by the Court, the faid Commiflioners fhall, and they are hereby required, to aft in Conformity thereto, and to allow or difallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of fuch Trial or Trials: Provided always, that the Determination of the faid Commif-fioners touching fuch Claim or Claims of Right 4o the Soil of the faid Open Down, Common and Wafte Lands, or other Rights or Interefts in, over, or upon the faid Lands and Grounds hereby direfted to be divided, allotted and inclofed, or any Part thereof which fhall not be objefted to, or being objefted to, the Party or Parties objefting, not cauling fuch Aftion or Actions to be brought and proceeded in as aforefaid, fhall be final, binding, and conclufive upon all Parties.

XI.	And be it further enafted. That if any of the Parties in any Aftion to be brought in purfuance of this Aft fhall die pending the fame, fuch Aftion fhall not abate by reafon thereof; but fhall be proceeded in as if no fuch Event had happened.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons in whofe Favour any fuch Determination as aforefaid fhall have been made, and againft whom any fuch Aftion or Actions might have been brought, if living, fhall die before any fuch Aftion or Aftions fhall have been brought, and before the Expiration of the Time herein-before

limited

48*GEORGII III. Cap. 128.	2427

limited for bringing fuch Action or Actions, it (h.ill be lawful for the Ter- am) >Ufo u;a Ion or Perfons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, who might have brought jj,',!"" fuch A&ion or Actions againft the Perfon or Perfons fo dying, to bring the fame within the Time fo limited as aforefaid againft fuch Perfon or Perfons as if actually Hying, and to ferve the Clerk of the faid Comtnif-fioners with Procefs for.commencing fuch Action or A&ions, in the fame Manner as the Party or Parties might have been ferved therewith if living; and it fhail therein alfo be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, or other Perfon or Perfons who (hall claim the Benefit of fuch Determination as aforefaid, to appear and defend fuch Atfion or Actions in the Name or Names of the Pefon or Perfons fo dead ; and Proceedings fhail be had therein in the fame Manner as if fuch Perfon or Perfons had been a&ually living, and the Rights of all Parties ihall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of fuch Aflion or Actions.

XI1T. Provided alfo, and be it further enacted. That nothing in this Perf-rwin Ad contained fhail extend to enable the faid Comtniflioners to determine \° any Right between any Parties contrary to the PofTeffion of any fuch letted without Parlies, except in Cafes of Encroachment made within the Period of Twenty Years; but in cafe the faid Coniraiffioners fhail be of Opinion againft the Rights of the Perfon or Perfons fo in Pofl’eflion, they fhail forbear to make any Determ nation thereupon, until the Pofleflion fhail have been given up by, or recovered from fuch Perfon or Perfons by Ejedment, or other due Courfe of Law.

XIV.	And be it further enaded, That it fli.il! and may be lawful for Atic-rmert the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby authorized (if they fhail

think it neceflary and proprr), to fet out and allot fuch Parcel or Parcels ‘i3 tu" of Land, Part of the Lands and Grounds by this Aft intended to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, in fuch Situation or Situations as they fhail think proper, for the Purpofe of publick Watering Places for Cattle, and for the Purpofe of getting Chalk, Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for the repairing the Roads and Ways already made, and to be made or fet out by virtue of this or the faid recited Ach

XV.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Commiflioners may, and AUotmer*m they are heieby required, in the next Place to fet our, allot, and award ticu ot e i*se. unto and for the faid Thomas Williams, and his Succeffors, Vicars of Wat-

lington aforefaidffuch Parcels of the Lands ana Grounds hereby intended to be divided and allotted as, in the Judgement of the faid Commiflioners, fhail be a full Equivalent and Cqmpenfation for the Glebe Lands and Rights of Common thereto belonging.

XVI.	And be it further enabled. That the faid Commiflioners fhail., A'lotmcnt ta and they are hereby required to afiign, fet out, and allot unto and for the the

faid Thomas Weld, Lord of the Manor of Minigrove otherwife Megrove the bulU aforefaid, fo much and fuch Part of the faid Common or Wafte Ground called Minigrove, which lies within the faid Parifh of Watlhgton, as fhail, in the Judgement of the faid Commiflioners, be equal in Value to One full Sixteenth Part thereof, and of fuch other of the Common and Wafte Grounds belonging to the faid Manor which lie in the faid Parifh of Watlmgton, in lieu of and Satisfaction for his Right and Intereft in and to the Soil of the fame, and fuch further Fart cf the faid Trad of

Comn&on

2428

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 128.

Common or Wafte as fhall be an Equivalent for any other Right or Intereft

the faid Thomas Weld has in, over, or upon the fa d Common and Watte Grounds within the faid Manor of Minigrove otherwife Megrove, as are within the faid Parifh of IVatlington, and fuch Allotments fhall for ever be deemed, taken, and accepted to be Parcel of the Demefnes of the Manor of Minigrove otherwife Megrove aforefaid , and the faid Commif-fioners are hereby further required to affign, fet out, and allot unto and for the faid Thomas Stonor, Lord of the faid Manors of Stonor, Pijhill, and Bix, fo much and fuch Part of the Soil of the faid Commons known by the Names of North End Common, Chrijlmas Common, Greenfield Green, and Seamer Green, as fhall, in the Judgement of the Commiffioners, be equal in Value to One Moiety of the Sixteenth Part of the laft mentioned Commons ; and the faid Commiffioners are hereby further required to affign, fet out, and allot unto and for the faid George Earl of Macclef-field, John Henry Tilfon, Henry Hulton, and John Fane, and others, Lords of the faid Manor of IVatlington, and unto and for the faid Henry Hulton, Lord of the Manors of Watcomb and Ingham, and to and for the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of any ether Manor or Manors, being Owner or Owners of the Soil of the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds, in Severalty, fuch Parts of the Open Down, Commons, and Wafte Lands within the faid Manors refpedtiveiy, as in the Judgement of the faid Commiffioners fhall be equal in Value to the remaining Moiety of the Sixteenth Part of North End Common, Chrijlmas Common, Greenfield Green, and Seamer Green, and to One Sixteenth Part of all the other Open Down, Commons, and Wafte Lands in the faid Parifh, other than and except fuch Commons from which a Compenfation is required to be made to the faid Thomas Weld as aforefaid, and other than and except the Commons and Wafte Lands in the faid Manor of Warmfcomb, the Properly of the faid Thomas Stonor.

Pow»r to fe'l XVII. And be it further enabled. That the fiiid Commiffioners fhall, the Fx fnces *n next ^acc> out °f the Refidue cf the faid Commons and Wafte of the AftCS Grounds, mark and fet out any Part and Parts of the faid Commons and and other Ex- Wafte Grounds, not exceeding Fifty Acres in the Whole ; and the faid penecs. Sec. Commiffioners fhall, and they are hereby required to fell the Lands and Grounds fo marked and fet out in fuch Allotment or Allotments, as to them fhall feem right and proper, to any Perfon or Perfons, for the bed Price or Prices that can be gotten for the fame, by private Contract or publick Audition or Audtions to be holden for that Purpofe, of which Six Weeks previous Notice fhall be given ; and the Perfon or Perfons fo pur-chafing the fame, fhall immediately pay by way of Depofit into the Hands of the Commiffioners, or fuch Perfon or Perfons as they fhall direct and appoint, One Tenth Part of his or their Purchafe Money, and pay the Remainder thereof within Three Calendar Months next after, or at fuch other Times as the faid Commiffioners fhall appoint; and in Default thereof the Money fo depofited fhall be forfeited, and fhall be applied in carrying this Act into Execution, and the Allotment or Allotments for which the whole of fuch Purchafe Money fhall not have been fo paid in, or for which there fhall be no Bidding at fuch Au&ion, fhall be again put up to Sale, and fold in Manner aforefaid for the belt Price or Prices that can be gotten for the fame, or be fold by the faid Cominiftioners by private Contract for any Sum or Sums not lefs than the remaining Nine Tenths of the Price or refpettive Prices for which the fame was or were rel’pedtively 6	before

2429

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 128.

before fold, or the Amount of One Bidding above the Sum or refpe&ive Sums at which the fame was or were refpettively put up in the laid former Auctions; and every Allotment for which the full Purchafe Money fhall be paid, (hall immediately thereupon be abfolutely.dilcharged of and from all Common and other Rights thereon or therein, and be veiled in Fee Simple in, and be inclofed and thenceforth held in Severalty by fuch Purchafer or Purchafers thereof refpeflively, as his, her, or their private and abfolute Property, and fhall be allotted accordingly by the fuid Com-mifiioners ; and the faid Purchafe Money fliall be applied by the laid Commiflioners in defraying and difcharging all the Colts, Charges, and Expences attending the obtaining and palling this Act, and of iurveying, admeafuring, planning, valuing, dividing, fencing, and allotting the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotte *, and inclofed by virtue thereof, and all the Charges of the faid Commiffioners, their Alfiltants and Servants, and all the Expences of forming, completing, and repairing the publick Carriage Roads and Highways to be fet out and appointed by the faid Commiflioners, and of ring-fencing the Allotments for Tythes, and all other Expences of carrying this Act into Execution, fubject to rhe Provifo herein-after contained refpefting the faid Open and Common Fields ; and the Overplus of fuch Purchafe Monev (if any) after defraying fuch Cofl , Charges, and Expences, fliall be equally diflributed amongfl the feveral Perfons interested in the faid Commons and Waite Grounds, in Proportion to their feveral Rights and Intercfts therein ; or otherwife fuch Surplus fhall be paid into the Bank of England in Manner directed by the faid recited A£t, with refpeft to Money thereby directed to be paid into the Bank for the Purchafe or Exchange of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Sum of Money ought to be laid out in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the fame Ufrs:

Provided always, that all and every the Charges and Expences attending the furveying, admeafuring, planning, valuing, dividing, and allotting the faid Open and Common Fields, or which may be incurred by the carrying this Act into Execution in refpeft thereto, and a fair Proportion of the Charges and Expences of obtaining and palling this Ad, to be afeertained and apportioned by the faid Commiflioners, lhall be borne and defrayed by the refpective Proprietors of Lands in the faid Open and Common Fields; which faid Charges and Expences, together with the Proportions thereof, fhall be fettled and adjufted by the faid Commifiion-ers, and fliall be paid at fuch Time arid Place, and to fuch Perfon or Perfons, as the faid Commiflioners lhall appoint.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the faid Commiflioners fliall Allotment fa in the next Place aflign, fet out, and allot unto the Owner of IVatiington the Pour. Park, the Lord of the Manor of IVatcomb, and the Vicar and Churchwardens of the faid Parilh of PVatlington, fo much of the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds as, in the Judgement of the faid Commiflioners, fliall be equal in Value to One Twentieth Part of the Value of the Re-ftdue of the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds ; and the fame Allotment fliall, on the Execution of the Award of the faid Commiflioners, be veiled in the faid Owner of IVatiington Park, the faid Lord of the Manor of Watcomb. and the Vicar and Churchwardens of the faid Parilh of IVatiington lor the Time being, for ever, as Truftees for the Poor of the fame Parilh ; and the faiu Truftees, or the major Part of them, are hereby [Lae. & Prr.J	27	K	empowered.

143°	4«*	GEORG	11 III. Cap. 128.

empowered, from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to leafe and demife fuch Allotment, or fo much thereof as they lhall think proper, to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, for any Term of Years not exceeding Twenty -one Years, fo as in eveiy fuch Leafe there be referved and made payable to the Lid Trtiflees, or the major Part of them, by Two equal Half-yearly Payments in every Year, the moft improved Yearly Rent or Rents that can be obtained for the Land thereby demifed, without taking any Income, Fine, Premium, or Foregift, in confideration of granting fuch Leafe or Leafes; and that in all fuch Leafes there be contained the ufual Covenants and Stipulations as the faid Truflees, or the major Part of them, fhall think proper to be inferred therein ; and the Rents and Profits arifing from fuch Allotment, or from fo much thereof as (hall be demifed as aforefaid, fhall from Time to Time be laid out in purchafing Fuel, and fuch Fuel fhall be diltribured among the poor Inhabitants of the faid Parifh of Watlington, who fhall be legally fettled therein, and fhall occupy Lands or Tenements under the Yearly Value of Ten Pounds, in fuch Proportions and Quantities, and at fuch Times in the Year, and according to fuch Rules and Regulations as the faid Truflees for the Time being, or the major Part of them, fhall appoint and preferibe for that Purpofe, and not otherwife; and fo much of the lafl mentioned Allotment as fhall not be leafed or demifed as aforefaid, lhall be held, ufed, and appropriated by the laid Truflees for the Purpofe of fowing Furze, planting Wood, and of cutting Fuel, which Fuel fhall be diflributed amongfl fuch poor Inhabitants of the faid Parifh of Watlington as are herein-before mentioned, in fuch Shares and Proportions, and according and fubjeft to fuch Rules, Orders, and Regulations as the faid Truflees, for the Time being, or the major Part of them, fhall appoint and prcLribe for that Purpofe, and not otherwife : Provided always, that in cafe the Rents and Profits of the lafl mentioned Allotment, or of the Part or Parts thereof which fhall be demifed or leafed as aforefaid, fhall at any Time cr Times be more than fufficient ro anfwer the Purpofe for which the fame is hereby directed to be fee out, then and fo often it fhall and may he lawful to and for the Truflees thereof for the Time being, or the major Part of them, to apply and difpofe of the Overplus of fuch Rents and Profits for the Relief and Benefit of the Poor tor vviiofe Benefit fuch Allotment fhall be fet out, in fuch Manner as the faid Truflees, or the major Part of them, fhall think proper: Provided alfo, that it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Owner of Watlington Park, and the Lord of the Manor of Watcomb for the Time being, refpeftively to aft in the Execution of the Trufts hereby repofed in them by their re-fpeftive Agents or Proxies, fuch Agents or Proxies being appointed by Writing under their refpeftive Hands, ami producing their lefpeftive Appointments at the Time of their refpeftively afting by virtue thereof.

Allotment for XIX. And be it further enafted, That the faid Commifiioners {frail,

Tythta. and they are hereby authorized and required to let out, allot, and award unto and for the faid John Henry Tilfoh, his Heirs and Affigns, the laid Phineas Pett and his SuccefTors, Reftors of Newington aforefaid, the faid Andrew Price and his SuccefTors, Reftors of Britwell Salome ftorefaid, and for the faid Thomas Williams and his SuccefTors, Vicars of Watlington aforefaid, in Severalty, according to their refpeftive Eltates and Intereils therein, fuch Parcel or Parcels of the faid Lands and Grounds hereby 3	direfted

2

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 126.

directed to be divided and inclofed, or feme of them, as fhall in the judgement of the faid Conamiifioners, be equal in Value to One Fifth Pan of all the Arable and Tillage Lands and Grounds lying within the laid Parifh below the Hill, and to One Eighth Part of the Meadows, and to One Ninth Part of the Pafture, Open Down, Common and Wafte Lands hereby direfted to be divided and inclofed, or fonie of them, in lieu of and as a full Compenfation and Satisfaftion for all Tythes, both Great and Small, and other Payments in lieu of Tythes, and all other Ecclefiaftical Dues whatfoever (Mortuaries, Eafler Offerings, and Surplice Fees, due to the fame Vicar and his Succeflors, only excepted), arifing, growing, renewing, increafing, payable, or happening, or to arife, grow, renew, increafe, or become payable, or happen, within, from, of in refpect of the faid refpeftive Lands and Grounds hereby direfted to be divided and inclofed, or any of them, or any Part thereof, and alfo of or from the Meffuages, Cottages, Gardens, Orchards, and ancient in* clofed Lands and Grounds within the faid Parifh below the Iiill as afore-faid ; which faid Allotment or Allotments fo to be fet out and allotted in lieu of Tythes as aforefaid, the faid Commiflioners are hereby authorized and required to divide, fet our, and apportion between the faid John Henry lilfon, his Heirs and Afiigns, the faid Phineas Pelt and his Suc-ceffors, the faid Andrew Price and his Succeflors, and the faid Thomas Williams and his Succeflors, according to their refpeftive Rights and In-telefts therein, or in the faid Tythes to be compenfated for by the faid Allotment or Allotments as aforefai i, to be ascertained by and according to the Judgement of the laid Commiflioners.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in cafe there are any Homefteads, A Money Gardens, Orchards, Home Clofes, old Inclofures, or old inclofed Lands ®or and Grounds below the Hill in the faid Parifh of Watlington, fubjeft or Tyhes o liable to the Payment of Tythes in Kind, or to any Modus or Compofi-tion, or other Payment in lieu of Tythes, or any other Ecclefiaftical ,era111 Dues or Payment, the refpeftive Proprietors whereof fhall not happen to be entitled to any or a fufficient ipecific Allotment to make Compenfation for the fame, fuch Proprietors fhall refpedtively pay or caufe to be paid unto fuch Perfon or Perfons, and at luch Time or Times as the faid Com-miffioners fliall direct or appoint, fuch Sum or Sums of Money as the Laid Commiflioners fliall adjudge and determine to be a full Compenfation and Satisfaction for fuch Tythes, Modules, Compofirions, or other Payments in lieu of Tythes, or other Ecclefiaftical Due or Payment ifluing or payable out of fuch Homefteads, Gardens, Orchards, Home Clofes, old Inclofures and old inclofed Lands and Grounds refpe&ively, or fuch Part thereof for which a Compenfation in Land cannot be made by the Proprietors thereof as aforefaid ; which Sum or Sums of Money fhall be applied towards Payment of the Charges and Expences of obtaining and pa fling this Aft, and carrying the fame and the faid recited Aft into Execution, and fliall and may be laifed, levied, and recovered in like Man-* ner as the Charges and Expences of obtaining and palling this Aft, and carrying the fame and the faid recited Aft into Execution, are herein-after direfted to be raifed, levied, and recovered ; and in cafe any Surplus fhall remain after Payment of fuch Charges and Expences as aforefaid, fuch Surplus fhall be paid to the Perfon or Perfons entitled thereto, if feifed in Fee of fuch Lands; or otherwife fuch Surplus fhall be paid into the Bank of England, in the Manner direfted by the faid recited Aft with

2432	4&*	GEO	RGII III. Cap. 12U.

rdpecl to Money to be piid for the Purchafe or Exchange of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments or - cf any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Sum of Money ought to be laid out in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be fettled to the fame Ufes.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That unt:-l the Ex-ecution of the Award of the faid Commiffioners, or until fuch other previous Time as the faid Commiffioners lhall, by Writing under their Hands, direct or appoint, the faid John Henry Tilfion, P bine as Pett, Andrew Price, and Thomas Williams (hall i’everally be entitled to, and fhal 1 have, receive, and enjoy all their refpe&ive Tythes in fuch Manner as they refpedlively could or might have had, received, and enjoyed the fame in cafe this Adt had not been made.

Compenfaron XXII. Provided always, and be it further enadled. That if the Owner X| incisures or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Melfmges, Tenements, at Green‘kid Gardens, Orchards, or old Inclofures within the Liberty of Greenfield.\ a°CornReBt!y *n t^le Parilh of IVatlington, which is fituate above the Hill, and which are fubjedl and liable to the Payment of Tythes to the faid John Henry Tilfion, or the faid Vicar and his Succelfors, lhall not be entitled to any Allotment or Allotments out of the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclofed by virtue of this Adt, or being entitled, fuch Allotment or Allotments fhall not be fufficient to make fuch Satisfa&ion and Compenfation as aforefaid for all the Tythes, both Great and Small, yearly ifiuing, arifing, renewing, increafing, or payable out of or horn all fuch Melfuages, Tenements, Gardens, Orchards, and old Inclofures within the faid Liberty of Greenfield, belonging to fuch Owners and Proprietors refpe&ively, then and in every fuch Cafe the faid Commiffioners fhall, and they are hereby required, in the next Place, to calculate and afcertain the Value of all the faid Tythes, or of fo much thereof as cannot be compenfated for as aforefaid ; and after making fuch Valuation, the faid Commiflioners {hall either allot fuch Proportion of Land out of the ancient Inclofures belonging to fuch Proprietor or Proprietors refpedtively (having firft obtained the Confent of fuch Proprietor or Proprietors, by Writing under his or their Hand fo to do), fufficient to exonerate the faid Tythes, or by the London Gazette, or fuch other Ways and Means as they (hall think moft proper, inquire what hath been the Average Price of good marketable Wheat in the County of Oxfiord, during the lait Fourteen Years preceding the Year One thoufand eight hundred and eight; and fhall in and by their Award afcertain and fet forth what Quantity of fuch Wheat fhall, in their Judgement, according to the Average Price aforefaid, be equal in Value to all or fuch Parts of the Tythes of the faid Melfuages, Tenements, Gardens, Orchards, or old Inclofures belonging to each and every Proprietor, according to the Valuation to be made as aforefaid ; and fuch Sum or Sums oi Money when fo afeertained by the laid Commiffioners, fhall be divided and apportioned between the faid John Henry Tilfion and the faid Vicar, and their refpe&ive Succeffors, in fuch Shares and Proportions as the faid Commiffioners lhall judge and determine to be equal to their refpeftive Shares and Proportions in fuch Tythes refpe&ively; and fuch Sum or Sums of Money, when fo apportioned, llnll be paid and payable to the faid John Henry Tilfion, his Heirs and Affigns, and to the faid Vicar and his Succelfors for ever, in fuch

Proportions

Tythes to continue till Execution ol the Award.

2433

48“GEORGII III. Cap. 128.

Proportions as fhall be determined by the faid Commiflioners, by the Perfon or Perfons who, for the Time being, fhall be in the PofTeflion or Occupation of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments out of which the faid Sum or Sums of Money, by way of Corn Rent, when fo apportioned, fhall be iffuing, by Four equal Quarterlv Payments in every Year; (that is to fay), on the Twenty-fifth Day of March, the Twenty-fourth Day of June, the Twenty-ninth Day of September, and the Twenty-fifth Day of December; the firft Payment whereof fhall grow due and be made on the Twenty-fifth Day of March after the Execution of the faid Award, or fuch earlier Quarter Days of Payment as the faid Commiflioners fhall, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, dire& or appoint; and luch Sum or Sums of Money, by way of Corn Rent, fo to be afcer-tained as aforefaid, fhall be in lieu of, and a full Recompence and Satif-fadtion for all Tythes in Kind, both Great and Small, and all other Ecclefiaftical Dues and Payments whatfoever (Surplice Fees, Eajler Offerings, and Mortuaries excepted), arifing, renewing, increafing, or happening out of or from fuch Mefluages, Tenements, Gardens, Orchards, and old Inclofures.

XXIII.	And be it further enadled. That it fhall and may be lawful to For re-afcer. and for the faid John Henry Tilfon, his Heirs and Afligns, or the faid cqJITr-Iu Vicar and his Succeflors, or the Owner or Proprietor, or the Owners or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments out of which the faid feveral Sums of Money by way of Corn Rent are to iflue, of the greateft Part in Value of fuch Owners and Proprietors, by Writing under their refpective Hands, to apply, at the fir ft General Quarter Seflions of the Peace to be holden in and for the faid County of Oxford in the Week after the Feafl of Saint Michael the Archangel, after the Expiration of Fourteen Years from the Execution of the faid Award, or at fome Adjournment thereof (Notice of fuch intended Application being firft given in the London Gazette, and alfo in fome Newfpaper or Newfpapers ufually circulated in the County of Oxford, and alfo affixed on the Door of the Church of Watlington aforefaid, in the Month of Augujl next preceding), to have Three Perfons named or appointed by the Juflices then and there aflembled to be Referees, for the Purpofe of inquiring and afcertaining by or from, or by means of the London Gazette, or by fuch other Ways or Means as they fhall think equitable and proper, the Average Price of a Winchefter Buffi el of good marketable Wheat within the faid County of Oxford for the Fourteen Years then laft pad ; and the laid Juflices fhall, and they are hereby required, to nominate and appoint Three Perlons (not being interefted in thePremifes), as Referees; and fuch Three Referees, or any Two of them, fhall, and they are hereby required, to inquire into and ascertain by or from, or by means of the, London Gazette, or Dy fuch other Ways or Means as they (hall think equitable or proper, the Average Price of a Witichejler Buffiel of good marketable Wheat, within the faid County of Oxford for the Fourteen Years then laft pafl:; and alter fuch Inquiry and Ascertainment fhall make and deliver a Report thereof, dating fuch Average Price to the Court of Quarter Seflions to be holden in and for the faid County of Oxford then next enfuing, or fome Adjournment thereof; and in cafe it fhall by fuch Report appear, that fuch Average Price of a Bulhel of fuch Wheat is more or lefs than the Average Price thereof fet forth in the faid Award, by the Value of Three Pence, then and in fuch Cafe fuch Sum or Sums ©f Money, by way [Loc. Sif Per.]	27	L	of

*4-34

48® GEORGII III. Cap. 128.

of Corn Rent, fliall be increafed or diminiflied in fuch Proportion as ftiall be declared by the Order of the faid Court; and the fame fliall, from the Quarterly Day of Payment preceding fuch Order, remain and continue iffuing and payable as aforefaid out of the refpe&ive Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the faid Liberty of Greenfield, charged by the laid Award with fuch Sum or Sums of Money by way. of Corn Rent, until fuch Sum or Sums of Money fliall, at the End of Fourteen Years then next enfuing, be again varied by fuch Application, and in fuch Manner as herein-before mentioned, and fo from Time to Time at the End of every Fourteen Years for ever.

For Recovery XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it fliall and may be lawful liurC C0Ul t0 an^ ^or	^jn Henry Tilfony his Heirs and Afligns, and the faid

Vicar and his Succeflors, to recover their refpedlive Proportions of the faid feveral Sums of Money by way of Corn Rent, when and as often as the fame, or any Part thereof, fliall be in Arrear, or remain unpaid after the refpe&ive Times herein appointed for the Payment thereof, together with the Cofts, Charges, and Expences of recovering thereof from the Owner or Occupier, or Owners or Occupiers of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments out of which the faid feveral Sums of Money by way of Corn Rent are to be iffuing, or of any Part thereof, by fuch Ways and Means as by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm any Tythes or Rack Rents in Arrear are dire&ed to be recovered ; and that upon the Death, Ceflion, Refignation, or Removal of the faid Vicar or his Suc-ceflors, he or his Executors or Adminiftrators fliall be entitled to and receive fo much and fuch Part of the feveral Sums of Money by way of Corn Rent, as fliall be in the Proportion to the Number of Days elapfed between the Day of fuch Death, Ceflion, Refignation, or Removal refpe&ively, and the then lad preceding Day of Payment.

To divide XXV. Provided alfo, and be it enabled, That the Yearly or Corn bSwe?nPar- Rents or Sums of Money to be afligned in lieu of Tythes as aforefaid, tics entitled, fliall be fairly and impartially proportioned and divided by the faid Commiflioners, between the refpe&ive Parties entitled thereto, accoiding to their refpedive Proportions, Rights, and Interefts of and in fuch Tythes.

Lands divided XXVI. And whereas the feveral Proprietors of ancient inclofed Lands toaCpi'opor- within the faid Liberty of Greenfieldy or fome of them, at future Periods, tiar of com may happen to fell and difpofe of theii faid Lands or Premiles, or fome Rent.	Parts or Part thereof 5 and the faid Lands or Premifes, or fome Parts or

Part thereof, may be let to feparate or diftind Tenants, or be divided by Will or otherwife ; and upon a Divifion of any cf the faid ancient inclofed Lands in Manner aforefaid, it may be convenient and necefiary to the Owner or Owners thereof for the Time being, to divide and apportion the faid Yearly or Corn Rents, or Sums of Money j be it further ena&ed. That it fliall and may be lawful for the Owner and Owners of all and every Eflate and Eflates of the faid ancient incloled Lands within the faid Liberty of Greenfieldy for the Time being, upon a Divifion of their re-fpe&ive Eflates either by Sale or otherwife, to apportion and charge each and every Part of the Eflates fo divided, with a due and fair Proportion of the faid Yearly or Corn Rents or Sums of Money as aforefaid, fo to be aicertained and let forth by the faid Commiflioners j provided that in 1	every

2+35

48’0 GEORGII III. Cap.12%.

every fuch Divifion due Regard be had to the Quantity of Acres in, and the Rate by the Acre, alcertained by the faid Commiffioners upon the Whole or any Part of every fuch Eftate, and that each and every Divifion may be made to bear a fair and juft Proportion (as near as may bt) of the faid Yearly or Corn Rents, or Sums of Money; and as the Power of recovering the faid Yearly or Corn R-nts, or Sums of Money, is herein-before extended to the Whole of each and every Eftate of ancient inclofed Lands, the faid Power (hail continue and remain the fame, until fuch Divifion of the Eftate, and the apportioning the faid Yearly or Corn Rents or Sums of Money, (hall be made known to the faid John Henry Tilfon, his Heirs or Affigns, and the faid Vicar or his Succeflors, by a written Notice thereof from the Owner, fetting forth the Divifion of fuch Eftate, and the Corn Rent or Yearly Sum charged upon each fuch Divifion ; and after fuch Notice the Power of Diftrefs and Recovery of Rents or Sums fo apportioned and being in Arrear, fhall extend only to the Lands liable to the Payment thereof as fpecified in fuch Notice.

XXVII.	And, in order to prevent any Difficulty fo the faid Parties Schedules to entitled to the faid Corn Rents or Sums of Money refpectively, by the ^Si^fub'ect Divifion of any Eftates, and to facilitate the future regulating of the faid to corn Kent. Yearly or Corn Rents or Sums of Money, be it further enabled, That

thp faid Commiffioners fhall, and they are hereby required to make or caufe to be made Two complete Schedules or Defcriptions of each and cvpry Parcel of ancient Inclofure within the faid Liberty of Greenfield, fubjeft to the Payment of any of the faid Yearly or Corn Rents, or Sums of Money as aforefaid, with the Name of the Owner thereof, the exa&

Statute Meafure in Acres, Roods, and Perches, the Yearly or Com Rents, or Sums of Money iffuing out of each refpe&ively,, and the Quantity of Wheat which is to govern each of the faid future Yearly or Corn Rents, or Sums of Money payable to the faid John Henry Tilfon and to the faid Vicar refpe&ively, and the Rate by the Acre by which the faid Yearly or Corn Rents, or Sums of Money fhall be charged as aforefaid, and fuch other Rcquifites as fhall be judged proper and neceft'ary by the faid Commiffioners, to render every Matter refpe&ing the faid Yearly or Corn Rents, or Sums of Money, clear and plain in fut re; both of which faid Schedules or Defcriptions thall be figned by the faid Commiffioners, and One depofited in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Oxford, and the other annexed to the faid Award of the faid Commiffioners*

XXVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled. That nothing in this Act contained fhall be conftrued to affect the Right and Tide of Thomas Stonor Efquire, to the Tythes of certain incloied Lands, the Property of the faid Thomas Stonor, in the Liberties of Greenfield and IVamf-comb, in the Parifh of Watlington aforefaid.

XXIX.	And be it further enabled, That the faid Commiffioners fhall Aiiotm-nts of and may, and they are hereby authorized and required, after the making theRtfl<jue, fuch Allotments as herein-before directed, to divide, fct out, allot, and

award all the Rclidue and Remainder of the Lands and Grounds hereby dire&ed to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, unto and amongft the re lpedlive Owners and Proprietors thereof, and Perfons interefted therein* in fuch Quantities, Shares, and Proportions, and in fuch Parts and Shares

as

This Act not

to affect the Right of

2436

Pa) ment to made to the Vjcar.

Regulating Payments of the Corn R=r to the Vicar

48^ GEORGn III. Cap. 128.

as the faid Commiflioners fhall adjudge and determine to be a juft Com-, penfation and Satisfaction for, and equal to their feveral and refpeCtive Lands, Grounds, Rights of Common, and othtr Rights and I mere (Is therein, fubjeCt to fuch Rules, Provifions, and Directions as are in and by this and the faid recited ACt declared, exprefied, appointed, and preferibed.

XXX.	And, for effectually fecuring the Yearly Sum to be paid out of be the faid ReCtory or Parfonage Impropriate to the faid Vicar and his Suc-

cefTors, in lieu of the faid Corn and Straw before mentioned, be it further ena&ed, That the faid Commiflioners fhall fet out fo much and fuch Part of the Tythe Allotment'or Allotments to be made to the faid John Henry Hlfon, as dial I, in their Judgement, be a competent Security to the faid Vicar and his Succeflors for the Payment of the fame; which faid Allotment or Allotments fhall be, and is and are hereby for ever charged and chargeable with the faid Yearly Sum hereby made payable, which fhall be ifiuing out of the fame, and fhall be paid to the faid Vicar and his Succeflors, at the Refidence of the faid Vicar in Watlington afore-faid, by the faid John Henry Ttlfon, and the Owners and Proprietors, for the Time being, of the faid Allotment or Allotments fo made chargeable therewith, and their feveral Heirs and Afligns for ever, by equal Half-yearly Payments, on fuch Days in the Year, and to commence at fuch Time as the faid Commiflioners fhall, in and by their Award, direCt and appoint; and the faid Vicar and his Succeflors fhall and may have and exercife fuch and the fame Powers and Remedies over and upon fuch Allotment or Allotments fo charged therewith, for recovering the Yearly Sum which fhall be payable as aforefaid, as and when the fame or any Part thereof fhall be in Arrear, as are by Law given and provided for the Recovery of Rent Service or other Rent in Arrear; and that upon the Death, Ceflion, Reflgnarion, or Removal of the prefent and every future Vicar of the faid Parifh of Watlington, his Executors or Adminiftrators, fhall be entitled unto and receive fo much and fuch Part thereof, as fhall be in Proportion to the Number of Days elapfed {.o the Day of his Death, Ceflion, Refignation, or Removal from the then laft preceding Day of Payment, and a Plan of the Lands fo charged fhall be made out and figned by the faid Commiflioners, and enrolled with the Award to be made by them.

XXXI.	And, for fettling the Manner of fixing the faid Yearly Sum to be paid for the faid Portions of Corn and Straw, be it further enaCted, That the faid Commiflioners fhall, and they are hereby directed and required, to afeertain by the molt authentic Means they can, the Average Price of Wheat, Barley, and Oats per Bufhel, and of Wheat S:raw and Barley Straw per Day’s Threfh, in the County of Oxford, for the Term of Fourteen Days next preceding the palling of this A6t; and the laid Commiflioners fhall, in and by the Award to be made by them, fet forth fuch Average Price, and the Sum fuch Corn and Straw would collectively amount to, which faid Sum fhall be declared by them in fuch Award to be the Yearly Payment for fuch Corn and Straw for the firft Fourteen-Years after the making of the faid Award ; and, for the Purpofe of afeer-taining and fettling the future Payments, it fhall be lawful for the laid John Henry Ttlfon, his Heirs and Afligns, or the Owners and Proprietors of the faid Allotntent or Allotments charged with the faid Annual

Sum,

24-37

4'S* <5E©.RG11 III. Cap.nS.

Sum, and the faid Vicar and his Succeilbrs, at the Expiration of the fat’d Fourteen Years, to nominate and appoint Two Perihns for inquiring into and iifcv'rtaining by fuck Means as they thall think equitable and proper the Average Price of good marketable Wheat, Barley, and Oats per Bulive!, and of good Wheat Straw and Barky Straw per Day’s Thrcfh, within the faid County of Oxford, for Fourteen Years then Jail pall; which faid. Arbitrators or Referees Until by their Report to be delivered to'the laid Parties or their Agents, on tire Firlt Day »of January th^n next enfuing, fet forth fuch Average i ri.ee ; and in cale it fhall appear that fuch Average Price is more or lefs.thau the Average Price thereof fit forth in the laid Award by the Value of Three Pence per Bufhcl and upwards, the Yearly Sum payable for the preceding Fourteen Years (bail be diminiflied or increafed in proportion, and the exa& Amount of the faid Yearly Sum, to which the lame fhall be lb increaled or dimini filed, fhall be declared by the faid Arbitrators or Referees, and the fame ihall from the Half Yearly Day of Payment.preceding fuch Declaration remain and continue ifluing and payable as aforefaid cut of the fame Allotment or Allotments charged by the feid Award, with the firll Yearly Sum to the Amount to which the fame fhall be fo declared until the fame fliall at the End of Fourteen Years be again varied in fuch Manner as herein-before mentioned, and fo from Time to Time at the End of every Term of Fourteen Years for ever.

XXXII.	And be it further enabled, That from and after the faid Com- Toextin-miffioners fliall have completed the Diviiion and Allotment of the Lands

and Grounds by this or by the faid recited Act direbted and authorized to «t.hi« the be divided, allotted, and inclofed, in the Proportions, Manner, and Form jv,Iin0'vreofir1/11'' herein before mentioned and fpecihed, all and every Rights of Common reipeU ofM*. and all other Rights and Interefls in refpebt of the Manors, of Watlington !^'S;nL^s* or Watcomb and Ingham, or, any other Manor or Manors in the Parilh of pb fh of Watlington, or any Meffuages, Lands, and Tenements within the faid Wauiugton, Parilh of Watlington, or of any Inhabitant or Inhabitants of the laid Parifh, in, over, or upon the Refidue of the Open Common, Waite Grounds, and other Grounds within the Manor of Minigrcve otherwife Megrovc aforefaid* Ihall ceafe, and be for ever extinguiilied, and fuch Refidue of the faid Open Common, Waite Grounds, and other Grounds, fliall be freed, exonerated, and difeharged from all Rights of Common and all other Rights and Interefls whatfoever, in refpebl of the faid Manor or Manors, Meffuages, Lands and Tenements, within the faid Parifh of Watlington, or of any Inhabitant or Inhabitants within the fame Manor or Manors, and Parifh.

XXXIII.	And be it further enabled. That it fliall and may be lawful Commif-ihr the faid Commiffioners, at any Time or Times hereafter, whenever ^ ZK* ■and as often as they in their Difcretion fhall think convenient, by Notice kigVs of in Venting, for that Purpofe under their Hands, to be affixed on the prin- Cwnmon. cipal outer Door of the faid Parilh of IVaiUngton aforelaid, to fufpend

or totally extinguifli all or any Parts of the Rights of Common in, over, and upon all or any Part of the faid Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Failures, and Open Down. Common and Wafts Lands hereby direded to be divided and allotted ; and from and after fuch Notices given, all fuch Rights of Common in, over, and upon the faid Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paftures, and [Lee. & Per.~]	27	M	Open

3438	4'8°	G	E 0 R G11 III. Cap. 128.

Open Down, Common a»d Wafte Lands, or fuch Parts thereof, as by fuch Notices (ball be dire&ed to be fufpended or extinguifhed, (hall ceaie and be totally extinguifhed, or other wife fulpended, accordingly.

bViv n?to* he XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the fever?! Lands and Grounds

ft.n-.e Ui.i as to be allotted and awarded upon the faid Divifion, Allotment, and Inclo-

«* ,oriner fure, to the feveral Perfons interefled, and the it vend MeiTuages, Lands, Tenements, old Iuclofures, new Allotments, and other Hereditaments •which fhall be exchanged in purfuance of this or the faid recited Ac!, fhall, immediately after fuch Allotments and Exchanges are made, be, remain, and enure, and the feveral Perfons to whom the fame fhall be reflectively allotted or given in Exchange, cr awarded upon fuch Divifion, fhall from thence forth (land and be feifedand poffeffed thereof to fuch and the fame Ufcs, Eftates, Trufis, and Purposes, and fubjeet to fuch and the fame Wills, Settlements, Limitations, Powers, Remainders, Charges, and Incumbrances, as the feveral and refpective Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, old Inclofures, new Allotments, or other Hereditaments, in lieu whereof fuch Allotments or exchanged Premifes fhall be reibe&ively made or taken as aforefaid, are now held under or fubject to, or liable to be charged with or afte&ed by, or might or could have been held under or fubjed to, or liable to have been charged with or affe&ed by, in cafe this A& had not been made.

Vycatin?	XXXV.	And	be	it further enabled. That all and every Leafe and

I. -files nt	Leafes at Rack Rent fubfifting, upon the making or renewing of which

Ritk Rent.	no jrj-ie or jrines hath or have been paid, of all or any Part of the Lands

or Grounds below the Hill to be divided, allotted, and inclofed by virtue of this Ad!, or the Tythes thereof, or any Part thereof, either alone or jointly with any other Lands, Tenements, Tythes, or Hereditaments, and all fubfifting Agreements for any Time or Term therein, as to the whole of the Tenements comprized in lueh Leafe or Leafes, Agreement or Agreements, fliall on fuch Day as the faid Commiftioners fhall by Writing under their Hands for that Purpofe limit or appoint, ceafe, determine, and be utterly void; and the refpedtive Leffees or Tenants thereof (hall thereupon be entitled to demand and receive of and from the I'efpective Landlords, Owners, or Proprietors of the fame Premifes, fuch Allowance or Satisfaction in Money, and at fuch Time or Times as fuch Commiftioners fliall afeertain, order, and direct as reafonable to he paid to fuch Leffees or Tenants on Account thereof, or as an Equivalent for the fame ; and fuch Leffees or Tenants refpedtively fhall upon the Determination of every fuch Leafe or Agreement be liable to pay the refpedtive Landlords, Owners, and Proprietors of the fame Premifes, fuch Rents or Sums of Money up to the Time of vacating fuch I.eafes or Agreements refpedlivcly, for the Ufe and Occupation thereof, as the laid Commiflioners fliall in like Manner afeertain, order, and direc! as reafonable and proper in that Behalf: Provided always, that if there fhall be any Leafe or Leafes of Lands below the Hill, Part of which fliall lie in the laid Parifh of Watlingtm, and Pan in any adjoining Parifti, Townlhip, or Place, all and every fuch Leafe or Leafes upon Rack Rent now fubfifting fliall be vacated; but where any Land fhall have been taken in Exchange, which Land fliall be under Leafe, and wholly fituate in an adjoining Parifh or i ownlhip, the Leafe of fuch laft mentioned Lands fhall not be vacated.

XXXVI.	x\nd

48° GEORGIJ in. Cap.i2$.	2439

XXXVI.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the parting	di_

cf this Aft, until the Execution of the Award of the faid Commiflioners; re.’t'‘t},e all the Open Fields hereby direfted to be divided and allotted, (hall be Co iriecf fubjeft and liable to fuch Direftions and Regulations as the faid Commif- 1 11 an iy’ Loners fhall from Time to Time by Writing under their Hand appoint,

•as well with regard to the flocking, as to the ploughing, folding, tilling, and laying down the fame; and it lhall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners ■to order and direft fuch Sum or Sums of Money in refpeft thereof, to be paid by any Perfon or Perfons interefled in the faid Open Fields, his, her, or their Tenant or Tenants, as they the faid Commiflioners fhall think reafonable j and in cafe any Perfoil or Perfons who lhall be directed to pay any Sum or Sums of Money on any of the Accounts aforefaid, ihall negleft or refufe to pay the fame on Demand, then and in fuch Gale it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to raife and levy the fame, for the Ufe and Benefit of the Per-fon or Perfons entitled thereto by fuch Ways and Means as the Colls,

Charges and Expences of obtaining and executing this Aft may be raifed and levied.

XXXVII.	And be it further enafted. That it fhall not be lawful for any

Perfon or Perfons for the Space of Four Years next after the Execution oa new Ailot-

of the Award of the faid Commiflioners, to keep or departure any Sheep

or Lambs in or upon any of the Allotments to be made by virtue of this

Aft, unlefs the Perfon or Perfons keeping fuch Sheep or Lambs fhall at

his, her, or their own Expence effectually and fufficiently fence off or

guard, and duly keep fenced off the Quickfet Hedges or other live Fences

of the Proprietor or Proprietors of fuch Allotment or Allotments where

fuch Sheep or Lambs fhall be fo?kept, and of fuch Allotment or Allotments

adjoining thereto, fo as to prevent any Damage being done to fuch Quickfet

Hedges.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enafted. That the Parcel or Parcels of Fencing the Land which fhall or may be fet out and allotted for Road Materials, the Allotment^ feveral Allotments for Glebe Lands and Common Rights thereto belonging and hi Glebs and the feveral Allotments to be fet out and allotted by virtue of this Act and Tythe to and for the refpeclive Tythe Proprietors in lieu of their Tythes, fhall A,lotmtfnts* be well and fufficiently, in a proper and hufbandlike Manner, incloled

and ring-fenced by or with fuch Fences, and in fuch Manner as the faid Commiflioners fhall, by any Writing under their Hands, or by their Award, order or direft, at the Expence of the feveral other Proprietors of the Lands hereby intended to be divided, inclofed, and allotted, in fuch Proportions as the faid Commiflioners fliall direft ; and the fame fliall be thereafter fupported and maintained for the Term of Seven Years, by or at the Expence of all or fuch of the faid other Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within the faid Parifli of Wailingto7i, in fuch Manner and in fuch Shares and Proportions as the faid Commiflioners fhall, by any Writing under their Elands, or by their Award,! order and direft; and fuch Proportions of the faid Fences as the faid Commiflioners fhall order and direft, fhall be for ever thereafter maintained and kept in Repair by the faid refpeftive Tythe Owners, as the faid Commiflioners fhall likewife by their Award order and direft; and the Fences of the Lands and Grounds to be fet out for Road Materials fliall afterwards be fupported and maintained for ever by fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Commillioners fhall direft or appoint $ and the faid feveral other Allot-6	ments

244°

Capa to be Mt.

Money advanced for Expence of Act to be paid with . tcretf.

4S0 GEORG IT III. Cep. 128.

merits for the faid Lands and Grounds after the Divifion thereof, {hall Within Three Calendar Months, to be computed from the Execution of the faid Award, be inciofed, hedged, ditched, and fenced at the proper

Colls and Charges of the refpe&ive Perfons to whom the fame fhall be refpectively allotted, in fuch Manner, Shares, and Proportions as the faid CommilTioners (hall'in and by their, faid Award order and direft ; and in cafe any Perfon who fhali be made fubjeft or liable by fuch Order and Direction of the Commifiioners to make or to repair, fupport or maintain any fuch Fence,-■■{hall neglect or reftrie* to. make, or to repair, fupport, or maintain the fame, according to fuchDireftion of the laid Gdirtrnil-fioners, it dial 1 be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons interefled in the Lands next adjoining the Lands allotted to’ the Perfon or Perfons fo neglecting or refunng to exhibit a Complaint jn -Writing againft fuch Perfon or Perfons, before any one of His Majefty’s judices of the Peace for the County of Oxford, not being interefled in the Lands and Grounds fo to be fenced and inciofed as aforei'aid, who fhall and may fummon the Parties concerned, inquire into the Nature of the Complaint, and examine all proper WimefTes- upon Oath, which Oath fuch Juflice fhall and may, and is Hereby .authorized to adminifler; and after fuch Summons, Inquiry, and Examination, fhall and may, if he fhall fee Caufe, -order, direfl, and appoint the Perfon or Iforfons exhibiting fuch Complaint, to make and raife or to repair fuch Fences of the Perfon or Perfons fo neglecting or refuting,' and when the fame fhall be fo made and raifed or repaired, fuch Juflice may afeertain the Cods and Charges of doing thereof, and alfo fhall and mayv by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, direfted to the Perfon or Perfons exhibiting fuch Complaint, caufe the fame Cods and Charges fo afeer-fained (Demand thereof being fird made before One credible Witnefs) to be levied, by Diflrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons fo neglecting or refufmg to pay the feme, rendering the Overplus (if any)' upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Cods and Charges of taking and making fuch Diflrefs and Sale; or otherwife {hall and may., bv Writing under his Hand and Seal, authorize and empower the perfon or Perfons exhibiting fuch Complaint, to enter into and upon the Premiles fo to be allotted to fuch Perfon or Perfons refufmg or neglecting to pay as a fore-faid, and to receive and take the Rents and Profits thereof respectively, until thereby, therewith, or otherwife, the Charges and Expences of making and maintaining or repairing fuch Fences of the Perfon or Perfons fo neglecting or refufmg to pay as aforei'aid, and alfo alfo all Cods, Charges, and Expences occafioned by and attending fuch Entries upon and Perception of the Rents and Profits of the laid Premifes, fhall refpeclively be fully paid and fatistied : Provided always, That convenient Gaps and Openings fhall be left in all the Fences to be made by virtue of this Aft, for the Space of Six Calendar Months next enf'uing the Execution of the faid Award for the Paffagc of Cattle, Carts and Carriages in and through the fame, unlefs the faid Coimniffioners fhall by their Award or other Injflrument in Writing under their Hands, order that the fame be fooner fenced in and made up.

XX XIX. And be it further enabled, That the Perfon or Perfons who fhall advance or lend any Sum or Sums of Money for defraying the Expences of applying for and obtaining this Aft, and of carrying the Tame into Execution, fhall be repaid the fame out of the full Monies

which

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 128.	2441

which {hall be raifed and collefted in purfuance hereof, with Intereft at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum from the Time of advancing and paying the fame refpeftively.

XL. And be it further enabled, That each of the Commiflioners AHowanceto who fhall aft in the Execution of the Powers veiled in them by this Aft, fionersl'and and their Clerk, fhall be paid the Sunt of Two Pounds Twelve Shillings pacing the and Sixpence each Day they fhall refpeftively and aftually attend in the Execution of this Aft, the fame Sums to be in full Satisfaftion for the Trouble and Expellees which the faid Commiflioners and their Clerk fhall be refpeftively put unto in the Execution of the Powers aforefaid, and the laid Commiflioners fhall caufe Minutes of each Day's Proceeding to be entered in a Book on the fame Day, and figned by them; and that the fame Sums, together with all Cofls, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining this Aft, and of furveying, admeafuring, planning, valuing, dividing, and allotting the Lands, Grounds, and Premifes to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Aft, and of preparing and inrolling the Award of the faid Commiflioners, and all the Charges and Expences of their Afliflants and Servants, and all other neceflary Expences of the feveral Perfons to be employed by them in and about the Premifes, either before or after the Execuuon of the Award, and all the Expences of forming, completing and repairing the publick Carriage Roads and Highways to be fet out and appointed by the faid Commiflioners, and all other Expences for carrying this Act into Execution, fhall be borne and defrayed by the feveral Owners of the Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, and exonerated from the Payment of Tythes, by virtue of this Aft (fave and except the faid ’John Henry Tilfon, Phineas Pett, Andrew Price, and Thomas Williams, for or in refpeft of any Allotment or Allotments which fhall be made to them refpeftively in lieu of Tythes and Glebe Lands, and alfo fave and except the Surveyors of the Highways of the faid Parifh of IVatlingion for the Time being, for and in refpeft of the Allotment hereby direfted to be made to them as aforefaid); which faid Cofls, Charges and Expences together with the Proportions thereof to be paid by the feveral Perfons hereby made liable to the Payment thereof, fhall be fettled and adjufled by the faid Commiflioners, and fhall be paid at fuch Time and Place, and to fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Commiflioners fhall appoint; and in cafe any Perfon herein-before made fubjeft to the Payment of any Money towards fuch Colts, Charges and Expences as aforefaid, fliall negleft or refufe to pay his or her Share or Proportion thereof, within the Time to be appointed as aforefaid, or at any Time after upon Demand, the fame fhall and may be levied and recovered in the Manner direfted by the faid recited Aft.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Cofts, Expfrce3 0f Charges, and Expences attending the making and compleating any Exchange*. Exchanges and Partitions by virtue of this and the faid recited Aft, fhall be paid and borne by the feveral Perfons making fuch Exchanges or Partitions, in fuch Manner and in fuch Proportions as the faid Commiffioners fhall order and direft, and fhall be recovered in the fame Manner as is herein-before direfted refpefting the Recovery of the Colts and Charges of obtaining and executing this Aft.

\Loc. & Perl}	27	N

XLII. Provided

2*4-2

Coftsof » jtoltinfc Proportions of

Tv the:, to (>e paid by Mr. Tilfcn.

Commif-fiontrs to ac-

Wills and Settlements not to J>e altered.

AvmtL

Allowing an

48* GEORGII III. Cap.tiZ,

JCLIL Provided always, and be it further enaded, That the Gofb Charges, and Expences of adjlifting the relative Proportion of the Tythea and Rents to be paid to the faid John Henry TU/ok and the Vicar of Wailin^ton , {hall be borne and paid by the faid John Henry Tilfon, his Heirs and Affigns.

XLIII. And be it further enadfcd, That once in every Year during the Execution of this Act (fuch Year to be computed from the Day of the parting thereof) the faid Commiffioners fhall and they are hereby required to make a true and juft Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by them received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble or Expences in the Execution of this Ad, and fuch Statement or Account when fo made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, {hall be by them laid before any Two or more of His Majefry*s-Juftices of the Peace for the County of Oxford ading for the Divilions of Oxford, Henley, or Watlington (not interefted in the faid Divifion, Allotment, or Inclofure) to be by them examined and balanced; and fuch Balance fhall be by fuch Juftices dated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the faid Commirtioners, and that no Charge or Item in fuch Accounts fhall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unlefs the fame fhall have been duly allowed by fuch Juftices : Provided always, that the laid Proprietors, their Attornies and Agents, fhall pay their own Expences when they or any of them fhall attend the faid Commiffioners at any of their Meetings to be held inpurfuance of this Act.

XLIV. Provided always, That nothing in this or the faid recked Aft contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to revoke, make void, alter or annul any Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any Perfon or Perfons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Debts, Rents, or Incumbrances out of, upon, or afteding -any of the Meifuages, Buildings, Lands, or Grounds to be divided, allotted, inclofed, or exchanged as aforefaid, or any Part or Parts thereof refpedively ; but that the refpedive Perfons to whom any Lands or Hereditaments (hall be allotted or awarded in Exchange by virtue of this Ad, fhall be feii'ed thereof to fuch and the fame Ules, and for fuch and the fame Eftates, and fubject to fuch and the fame Wills, Jointures, Charges and Incumbrances, and no other, and the Meifuages, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments whereof fuch Perfons were feiftd or poHefted at or immediately before the Execution of the Award to be made by the laid Commiffioners, or for which or in refped whereof fuch Allotments or Exchanges fliafl be made,, would have been fubjed to and charged with or affeded by, ip cafe this Ad had not been made.

XLV. And be it further enaded, That the Award to be made by the laid Commiffioners fhall, when enrolled in the Manner direded by the faid recited Ad, be depofited in the Parilh Church oiWatlington aforelaid, or in fuch other Place as the faid Commiffioners rtiall appoint.

XLVI. And be it further enaded. That if any Perfon or Perfons /hall think hiinfelf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved by any Thing done in purfuance of this or the faid recited Ad (other than and except as to fuch Claims, Matters and Things as are herein-before direded or authorized to be tried, fettled or determined by the Verdid of a Jury, or where any of 7	A	the

4.8° GEORGII HI. Cap. 12S.	244-5

the C laufes or Provifionfc of the faid recited A&, or ol this A£k) fhalt exprefe that'the fame fhall be final and conclufive, and excepting- fuch Cafes wherein an Iflue at Law fliall be tried as herein-before mentioned), then and in every fuch Cafe he, fire, or they may appeal to the General (garter Seffions of the Peace which fhall be holden for the faid County of Oxford, within Four Calendar Months next after the Caufe of Complaint fliall have arifen, on giving to the faid Commiflioners, or to the Party or Parties concerned, _

Ten Days Notice in Writing of fuch Appeal, and of the Matter ^hereof; and the Juftices (not interefted in the Pfemifes) in their faid General Quarter Seflions, are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every fuch Appeal, and to make fuch Order, and to award fuch Coils and Damages as to them in their Difcretion fliall feem reafonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Coils and Damages which fliall be fo awarded by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels, after deducing the reafonable Charges of fach Warrant, Diilrefs and Sale ; ,and the Determination of the faid Juftices fhall be final and conclufive to all Parties concerned, and fhall not be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefs whatfoever, into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejhninfter or elfewhere ; but in cafe fuch Appeal fliall appear to the faid Juftices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then the faid Juftices fliall award fuch Cofts to be paid by the faid Appellant or Appellants as to them in their Difcretion fliall feem reafonable, and to be levied in Manner aforefaid.

XLVIL Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this AC contained fliall extend or be conftrued to extend to prejudice; Lords of alter, vary, affed, Ieffcn, abridge, diininifli, defeat, or determine any Manors* of the Rights and Interefts of the Lords of the faid Manors, or any of them for the Time being, in or to the Seigniories, Royalties, Rights and Services incident and belonging to the faid Manors refpedively ; but that fuch Lord or Lords of the faid Manors for the Time being, fliall and may from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, hold, exercife, and enjoy all Rents, Services, Courts, Perquifites and Profits of Courts, Mines,

Goods and Chattels, of Felons, Fugitives, Felons of themfdves,

Deodands, Waifs, Eftrays, Forfeitures, and all other Royalties, Jurifdic-tions, Rights and Pre-eminences whatfoever to the faid Manors, or any of them, or to the Lords thereof for the Time being refpedively, incident, appendant, appurtenant or belonging, or in anywife appertaining (fave and except fuch Right to the Soil of the faid Open Down, Commons, and Waite Grounds, and fuch Rights of Common of Pafture, and'other Rights of Common, and Interefts, in, over, and upon the faid Open Down,

Commons and Wafte Grounds, for which Satisfaction or Compenfation fhall have been made by virtue of this Act), in as full, large, ample, and beneficial a Manner as they heretofore have held, exercifed, and enjoyed the fame, in cafe this Act had not been made.

XLVIII. Saving always to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, his Heirs General and Succeflbrs, and to all and every other Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Sauns* Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, his, her, ancl their Heirs, Succeflbrs, Executors, and Ad mini ftra tors (except the feveral Perfons to whom any Allotment or Allotments (hall be made in purfuance of this Ad, for and in refped

of

2444

Evidence

Claufe,

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 128.

of fuch Rights and Interefts as are hereby meant and intended to be barred, deftroyed, and extinguiflied, and all Perfons refpeftively claiming under them, or in Remainder after them), all fuch Right, Title, and Intereft as they, every, or any of them, could or ought to have had and enjoyed m, to, and out of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, in cafe this Aft had not been made.

XLIX. And be it further enafted. That this Aft fhall be printed by the Printer to the King’s molt Excellent Majefty ; and a Copy thereof i'o printed fhall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Juftice^ and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moft Excellent Majefly. 1808.

ie

ttt

W

Id,

the

to

Si

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

******************************************************

Cap. 129.

An Adi for inclofing Lands in the Parifli of Hatherfage in the County of Derby.

[18th Jum 1808.1

WHEREAS there are within the Townfhips or Hamlets of Hatherfage, Hatherfage Outfeats, and Derwent, in the Parifh of Hatherfage in the County of Derby, divers Open and Common Fields, Mefne Inclofurcs, Waftes, Moors, Commons, and other uninclofed Lands, containing by Eftimation Ten thoufand Acres, or thereabouts: And whereas the mod Noble William Duke of Devonfhire is Lord of the Manor of Hatherfage aforelaid : And whereas Afhton Afhton Sbultleworth Efquire is or claims to be Lord of the Manor or reputed Manor of Upptr Padley in the Townfhip or Hamlet of Hatherfage aforefaid : And whereas the King’s mod Exceiienc Majefty, in Rig hr of His Duchy of Lancajler, is entitled to a certain Rent or Fee called Palfrey Silver, payable by the Inhabitants of Hatherfage aforefaid: And whereas the laid William Duke of Devonjhire is entitled to the Tythes of Corn, and of Wool and Lamb* arifing within the faid Townfhips or Hamlets of Hatherfage and Hatherfage Outfeats, and to the Tythes of Wool and Lamb aiding within the faid Townfhip or Hamlet of Derwent, or to certain Modules in lieu thereof: And whereas the faid William Duke of Devonjhire is Patron of the Vicarage of Hatherfage aforefaid, and the Reveiend John Cornu is Vicar of the Parifn Church of Hatherfage afore-['Loc. fe? Per.2	27 O	laid.

2446

48° GEGRGII III. Cap. 129.

faid, and entitled to certain Glebe Lands in refped thereof, and alfo to the Vicarial and Small Tythes within the laid Parifh, or to certain Modnfes or Payments in lieu thereof: And whereas Jcfeph Denman, Dodor of Medicine, i« Owner, and the faid John Cornu is Curate of the Perpetual Curacy of Derwent aforefaid, and entitled to certain Glebe Lands in refped thereof: And whereas the faid William Duke ot Devon-fi e, and Ajhton Ajhton Shuttleivorth, and alio Ularmaiuke Middleton Mid-dletonf John Balguy, and William Longs don, Efquires; Richard Oliver, James Brightmore, George Merton, and leveral other Perfons, are rel'pec-tively Owners and Proprietors of or otherwife intercflcd in the faid Open and Common Fields, Mefne Inclofures, Walles, Moors, Commons, and other uninclofed Lands: And whereas an Acc was pafied in the Forty-firfl Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, inticuled, An Adi for confolidating in One Adi certain Proviftons ufually infer ted in Adis of Inch Jure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the fever al Fadls ujually required on the puffing of fuch Adis : And whereas it would be for the Advantage of the faid Owners and Proprietors, and other Perfons interfiled as aforefaid, if the faid Open and Common Fields, Mefne Inclofures, Waftes, M <ors, Commons, and other uninclofed Lands, were divided and incl'fed, and fpecifick Allotments * made to the feveral Owners, Proprietor, and Perfons interefled therein, according to their refpeCtive Properties Rights, and Intercfls, and a Commutation made for the Great and Small Tythes within the faid Towr.fhips or Hamlets; but fuch Divifion, Allotment, and InJofure, and other Purpofes, cannoc be made and effected wihout the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore pleafe Your Majtfty that it may be enadted; and be it enaded by the King’s moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temponl, and Commons, in this prefent Cotamiffion. Parliament afiVmbled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the faid cr8*	Open and Common Fields, Mefne Inclofures, Waftes, Moors, Com-

mons, and other uninclofed Lands, fhall be divided, allotted, and inclofed in Manner herein-after mendoned ; and that fames Dowland of Cuckney in the County of Nott’ngham, and John Nuttall of Matlock in the faid County of Derby, Gentlemen, and their Succcfiors to be eleded and appointed in Manner herein-after mentioned, fhail be and they arc hereby appointed Commiffion'rs for the Purpofes aforefaid, and for carrying this and the faid recited Ad into Execution, fubjed to the Rules, Orders, and Directions contained in the faid recited Ad, except in Cafes where the lame, are hereby varied or altered.

Umpire.	If* And be it further enaded, That William Gauntley the elder of

Bakewell in the faid County of Derby Gentleman, and his Succeffor for the Time being, to be appointed as herein-after mentioned, (hall be and he is hereby appointed to ad as an Umpire touching any Difference of Opinion which fhall arife between the faid Commiflioners in the Execution of this Adi; and that all fuch Difference of Opinion (if any fhall arife) Oiail be Hated in Writing, and referred by the faid Commiflioners to ;he Lid William Gauntley, within Twenty-one Days next after any fuch Difference fhall have arifen, who fhall determine the fame, and deliver to rhe faid Commiflioners, or One of them, fuch his Determination in Writing (the Name of the faid Umpire being thereto’ figned) within, Three Calendar Months from the Time any luch Difference fhall be referred ip him; and the Judgement and Determination of the Lid

William

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 129.	£447

William Gauntley therein, in all Cafes fo referred to him, fhall be deemed and taken to be the Judgement and Determination of the laid Commif-fioners; snd they the laid Commiffioncrs fhall and they are hereby required to conform thereto; and luch Determination fhall be inrolled and recorded with, and in the fame Manner, as the other Proceedings of the faid Commiffioners under this Ad.

III. And be it further enaded, That if the faid James Dowlandor any other Commiffioner to be appointed in his Stead as herein-after men- miflionerand tioned, fhall, before the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities Umpire, herebv vetted in him, die, refufe, or become incapable of ading in the Premifes, then and in every fuch Cafe and fo often, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid William Duke of Devonjhire, his Heirs or Affigns, by any Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, within Tnirty Days next after fuch Death, Refufal, cr Incapacity to ad, fhall be made known to him or them by Notice in Writing from the furviving or remaining Commifiioner (which Notice fuch Commiffioner is hereby required to give) to appoint One other Commiflioner (not inrerefted in the faid Inclof re) in the Stead of the laid James Dowland, or fuch other Commiffioner fo dying, refufing, or becoming incapable of ading as aforefaid ; and if the faid John Nutt ally or any other Commiflioner to be appointed in his Stead as herein-after mentioned, fhall, before the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby vetted in him, die, refufe, or become incapable of ading in the Premifes, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for a Majority in Value (to be afeertained by the Land Tax AflefTment) of the Proprietors or Perfons interefted in the faid Open and Common Fields, Mcfne Inclofures, Wattes, Moors, Common', and other uninclofed Lands hereby direded to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, or their known Agents cr Attornies, or Perfons to be appointed for that Purpofe by Writing under their refpedive Hands (except and exclufive of the faid William Duke of Devonjhire^ his Heirs or Ailignsi, who fhall be prefent at a publick Meeting to be appointed for that Purpofe by the furviving or remaining Commiffioner, within Thirty Days next after fuch laft-mentioncd Death, Refufal, or Incapacity to ad as aforefaid, of which Meeting Ten Days Notice at the leaft fhall be given in Writmg by him, to be affixed on One of the moft publick outer Doors of the Parifh Church of Hatherfage iToi-efaid, and alfo by Advertifement to be inferred in the Newfpaper called The Derby Mercury, or in fome othei Ntvvlpoper circulated in the faid County of Derby, to appoint One other Commiflioner (not interetted in the faid Inclofure) in the Stead cf the laid John Nuttall, or luch other Commiffioner to be appointed in his Stead fo dying, refufing, or becoming incapable of ading as lad afore-faid ; and in cafe the faid William Duke of DevotJhiret his Heirs or Affigns, or the faid Parties latt aforefaid (as theCale may be), fnall at any Time make Default in appointing any fuch new Commiffioner within Thirty Days next after the Death of any Commiffioner, or his Refulal or Incapacity to ad ffiall be made known as aforefaid, and of which fuch Notice ffiall have been given refpedively as aforefaid, then the furviving or remaining Commiffioner ffiall and he is hereby required, from Time to Time, by Writing under his Hand, within Thirty Days next after the Expiration of the faid Thirty Days allowed to the reipedivc Parties for naming fuch new Commiffioner as aforefaid, to appoint One other Commiffioner (not interefted in the faid Inclofure) in the Room of any fuch

Commilfionar

2448	48“	GEORGII III. Cap. 12$.

Coir.mifTioner To dying*, refufing, or becoming incapable to adl as aforefaid ; and if 'he faid William Cauntby, or any Umpire to be appointed in his Stead as herein-afcer mentioned* Hiall, before the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby veiled in him, die, refufe, or become incapable of adling in the Premifes, then and in every fuch Cafe One other Pcrfon as Umpire, not interelled in the Lid Inclolure, lhall be appointed in the Stead of the faid William Gaunt ley, or fuch other Umpire fo dying, refofing, or becoming incapable of acting as aforefaid, by a .Majority in Value (to be ifeertained by the Land Tax AlTclTnicnt) of the Pioprietors or Periods i iterelled in the faid Open and Common Fields, Mdfne Inclofures, Wafles, Moors, Commons, and other unincloled Lands hereby diredled to be divided, allotted, and inclofed (including the laid William Duke of Devonjhire, his Heirs or Affigns), or their known Agents or Atrornies, or Perfons to be appointed for that Purpofe by Writing under their refpedtive Hands, who lhall be prefent at a pubiick Meeting to be appointed for that Purpofe by the faid Commiffioners within Thirty Days next after fuch lafl-memioned Death, Refulal, or Incapacity to adl as aforefaid, of which Meeting Ten Days Notice at the lealt lhall be given in Writing to be affixed on one of the moll pubiick outer Doors of the Parilh Church of Iiatherfage aforefaid, and alio by Advertifement to be inferred in the fa d Newlpaper called The Derby Mercury, or in l'ome other Ntwfpaper circulated in the laid County of Derby; and every Appointment of a Commiffioner or Umpire in purfuance of this Adi lhall be reduced into Writing, and figned by the Perfon or Perfons making the fame;, and every new Commiffioner or Umpire, to be appointed as «f.>re-faid, {hall have the like Powers and Authorities as if he had been named a Commiffioner or Umpire in this Ad.

Umpire to IV. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That no Perfon fhail take an oath. ge capab!e of acting as an Umpire in the Execution of this or the faid recited Adi, until he thall have taken and fubfenbed the Oath or Affirmation following *, (that is to fay),

« T	do fwear [or, being One of the People called Quakers,

*	do folemnly affirm]. That I will faithfully, impartially, and honeftly,

4 according to the belt of my Skill and Ability, execute and perforin

*	the feveral Trulls, Powers, and Authorities veiled and repoled in me ‘ as an Umpire, by virtue of an Adi for inclofmg Lands in the Pariffi of

*	Haiherfage in the County of Derby, according to Equity and good 4 Confcitnce, and without Favour or Affedlion, Prejudice or Partiality 4 to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever.

4 So help me GOD.’

Which Oath or Affirmation either of the faid Commifiioners is hereby empowered and required coadminifter; and the faid Oath or Affirmation lo to be taken and lubferibed by fuch Umpire, and alfo the Appointment of every new Umpire or Commiffioner, lhall be annexed to and inrolled with the Award of the Lid Commiffioners, and a Copy of the Enrolment thereof lhall be admitted as legal Evidence.

Allowance to V. And be it further enadted, That each of the laid Commiffioners ers'and Um" anc^ ^mP*re	ah°we^ ar,d paid by the faid Proprietors the Sum of

.pire. * Two Pounds and Two Shillings, and no more, for every Day which he lhai! attend and be employed at any Meeting or Meetings, or in going

* i*	.	to

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 129.

2449

to or returning from thence, or otherwife howfoever, in executing the Powers and Authorities hereby given to them, which faid Sum of T wo Pounds and Two Shillings (hall include all Expences whatfoever incurred by going to, returning from, or attending at any fuch Meeting or Meeting?.

VI.	And be it further enabled, That the faid Commifiioners (hall and they are hereby required to raufe publick Notice to be given by Writing under their Hands, to be affixed on one of the moft publick outer Doors of the Parifh Church of Hatherfage aforefaid, and alfo by Advertilement to be inferted in the laid Newfpaper called The Derby Mercury, or in fome other Newfpaper publiffied or circulated in the faid County of Derby, of the Time and Place of the Firft and every other Attendance for the Execution of this Ad, Seven Days at the lead before any fuch Attendance (hall be held, Attendance by Adjournment (which it ffiall be lawful for the faid Commifiioners or either of them to make) only excepted : Provided always that all Attendees of the faid Cotnmif-fioners and Umpire in the Execut’on of this or the faid recited AC't (hall be held within Eight Miles of the faid Parifh of Haiberfage.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That all other Notices ^hc[0N^tice*» neceflary or requifite to be made or given by the faid Commifiioners fhail glv^n° e

be made and given by Writing, to be affixed upon one of the mod publick outer Doors of the faid Parifh Church of Hatkerjage aforefaid, or by Advernfement in the faid Ne*lpaper, or in fume other Newfpaper publiffied or circulated in the faid County of Derby.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Commifiioners ffiall and Roads,

they are hereby authorized and required, before they proceed to the ^hef con^ Allotments herein-after mentioned, to fet out and appoint and dired, or venknees to caufe to be made, ereded, and completed, fuch publick and private	and

Roads and Ways, and alfo fech Bridges, Banks, Ditches, Drains, Water- Commiflioners couifes, and other Conveniencies, in, over, and within the faid Open ihiall appoint* and Common Fields, Mefne Inclofures, Waftes, Moors, Commons, and uninclofed Lands, intended to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, and.

alfo in, over, and within any of the old Inclcfures within the laid Town-fhips or Hamlets, as the Lid Commifliorers ffiall judge necellary or proper; and that as well all fuch private Roads and Ways, as alfo all Inch Bridge5, Banks, Ditches, Drains, Warercourfes, and other Conveniencies, (hall r**.ptdiveJv be made, ereded, and completed, and at all Times thereafter kept in Repair in fuch Manner, and by fuch Perfon or Petfons, and the Grafs, Herbage, and Soil of fuch private Roads and Ways, and other Conveniencies, ffiall appertain and belong to fuch Perfon or Perfons, and for fuch Purpofcs as the faid Commifiioners in and by their Award ffiall dired, and in the mean Time, and until their faid Award ffiall be made and executed, as the faid Commiflioners, in ard by any Writing under their Hands, ffiall order, direct, or appoint $ and the faid Commifiioners ffiall and may order and award, iffue and pay fuch Satisfadion and Reconipence as they (hail think reasonable to any Owner or Owners of Lands or Hereditaments which may be damaged or deflroyed by making or repairing any fuch Roads or Ways, or any fuch Bridges,

Banks, Ditches, Drains, Watercourfes, or other Conveniencies" as aforefaid.

[Lee. & Per.']

97 P

IX. And

*45®

1*01 Hopping up Roads.

Al'otment for

pubnck Watering Places, JcC-

Allotment 1 o His Majefty and other Perf ns, >n litu of Quit Rents, &c.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 129.

IX.	And be it further ena<5led. That it lhall be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners, with the Concurrence and Order of Two Jufiices of the Peace a&ing in and for the Paid County, fubjeit to Appeal as in the faid recited Adt is mentioned, to divert, flop up, difeontinue, alter or change any old publick Carriage or private Roads or Footways, leading into, through, over, or upon the faid Open or Common Fields, Mcfne Inclofures, Waites, Moors, or other unincloled Lands, or the old Inclo-fures lying within the faid Townfhips or Hamlets; and that fuch publick Carnage Roads as (hail be fo Hopped up and difcontmued lhall be deemed Part of the Lands and Grounds to be fold or divided, allotted, and inclofed purfuant to this Ait.

X.	And be ic further enabled. That the faid Commiflioners (hall and they are hereby required to fet out and appoint One or more Piece or Pieces of Ground (Part of the Waites, Moors, Commons, and unin-clofed Lands, hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclofed) in fuch convenient Situation or Situations as they lhall ihinK proper within the faid Townfhips or Hamlets, rot exceeding Ten Acres in the Whole, to be ufed f r the Purposes of publick Watering Places for Cattle, and for getting and burning Limeilone, and alio for getting Stone, Gravel, Sand, and otlur Materials for building or repairing any Houfes or other Build Tigs, Bridges, Walls, Fences, Drains, Watercourfes, and other Conveniences, and for repairing the Highways and Reads within the faid Townfhips or Hamlets, and for fuch other Ufes and Purpofes tor the general Benefit and Advantage of the Inhabitants of the faid Town-fhips or Hamlets, as the faid Commifiicncrs lhall dire&$ and that the Herbage growing and renewing as well in and upon the Land fo to be fee out as aforefaid, as alfo in and upon all and every the private Lanes, Roads, and Ways within the faid Townfhips or Hamlets, lhall be veiled in fuch Pcrfon or Per Ions, and applied to fuch Ufes as the faid Commif-fioners lhall in and by their faid Award dired or appoint.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Commiflioners lhall and they are hereby required to fet out, allor, and appoint unto the King's mod Excellent Majefty, His Heirs and Succeflois, in Right of His Duchy of Lancajter> or to any other Perfon or Perfons, fuch Parcel or Parcels of Land out of and from the Lid Waites, Moors, Commons, and uninclofed Lands hereby direde^l to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, as lhall in the Judgement of the laid Commiflioners be equal in Value to or an Equivalent for the faid Rent or Fee called Palfrey Silver, or any other Rents, Quit Rents, Fee Farm Rents, or other dry or unimprovable Rents which are now relpeftively due and payable to the faid King’s Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, in Right of His faid Duchy, or to any other Perfon or Perfons, from the Inhabitants of the faid Townfhips or Hamlets refpedlively, or out of, from, or in refpett of the faid Wsites. Moors, Commons, and uninclofed Lands, or any Part thereof, or out of, from, or in refpett of any MdTuages, Cottages, Lands, or Hereditaments, fituate, lying, and being within the laid Townfhips or Hamlets which belong to Perfons having Right of Common in and upon the faid Waites, Moors, Commons, and unincloled Lands: Provided neverthelcls, that the Lunds fo to be let our, allotted, and appointed as a Compenfa-tion or Equivalent for any Rents in refped of any fuch Meffuages, Cottages, Lands, or Hereditaments as Jail mentioned, lhall be deducted out

8	of

245*

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 129.

of or takejv from the fcveral or refpeftive Allotments of the Peifon or Perfons who now pay, or (hall or may at the lime of iuch Allotment be liable to pay iuch rcfpcdtive Rente.

XII.	And be it further enatfed, That the Did Commiffioncrs (hall and 'Allat^gfar they are hereby required, in the next Place, to fet 0Uu and allot unto the faid Vicar of Haiherfaga ard Curate, of Derwent aforefaid relpeftively, and their refpe£tive SuccefTors, fuch Parcels of l and. Part of the laid Waites, Moors, Commons, and uninclofed Lands intended by this Act to be inclofcd, as in the Judgement of the faid Comniffioners (hail be a full Equivalent and Compenfation for their refpedtive uninclofed Linds and Rights of Common for and in refpect of the Glebe Lands to which they are fevcrally entitled as aforefaid.

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed. That the faid Commiflioners (hall and they are hereby required, in the next Place, to fee out and allot unto U1 J and for the laid IVilliam Duke of Dcvonfoire, his Heirs and Afligns, and the faid Vicar of H.nberfage and his SuccefTors, fuch Part or Parts of the faid Waites, Moors, Commons, and uninclofed Lands intended by this A£t to be inclofcd, as fhall in the Judgement of the faid Commiffioncrs be equal in Value to One-eighth Part of the Whole of the inclofcd L inds within the (aid Townfh'ps or Hamlets (except fuch Lands, Part of ihe faid inclofcd Lands, as fnail be covered by any Modus or Modufes in rtfped of which no greater Allotment or Allotment' than the Value of Iuch Modus or Modufes lhall be made or allotted), and alio to One-ninth Part of the Whole of the faid Wafter, Moors, Commons, and uninclofed Lands within the faid Town (hips or Hamlets, the fame Allotments to be taken from fuch Part or Parts of the faid Waftes, Moors, Commons, and unincloled Lands, intended by this Ad to be inclofcd, as /hall in the Judgement of the laid Comm:flioners be of an average Value per Acre wiih the Refidue thereof j and that the faid Allotments refpectively ihall, by the faid Coiemiffioners, be divided and allotted unto and between the faid William Duke of Dtvonjhire, his Heirs and Afligns, and the faid Vicar of hiaiherjr.ge and his SuccefTors, in Pioportion to their refpedive Rights and L t. lefts, and in Iuch Manner as the faid Commiiiioners (hall adjudge right, and which faid Allotments refpcdiveiy /hull be and be taken in lieu of and in lull Satisfaction of and for all Tythes both Great and Small, and Modufes or other Payments in lieu of Tythes (Mortuaries, Eafier Offerings and Surplice Fees excepted) arifing or payable, or which might ariie or become payable within the fa:d Townfhips or Hamlets, or any of them.

XlV.	And be it further enacted. That if itfhall happen that any Pro- pr:ao?s of" pnetor or Proprietors of inclofcd Lands /hall not have or be entitled to a efficient Quantity of Land on the faid Waftes, Moors, Commons, or ncient Comi* unincloica Lands, to make Compenfution for the Tythes of his, her, or 111011 to com. their.irvclofed Lands} in Manner aforefaid, fuch Deficiency fhall be made Tyfhe^rhe up by and out of the cti.er Part of the faid Waftes, Mocrs, Commons, D fciency to or uninclofed Lands, and fuch Proprietor or Proprietors fhall pay fuch fiowthe°P Sum or Sums of Money as the laid Commiffioners fhall adjudge reafon- other Part of able, as an Equivalent for Iuch Deficiency; which Sum “«» Sums of a,u.Mo,rn-Money /hail be applied towards the Expcnces of carrying this A£t into paid hi iieJ! Execution, and (hall be levied and recovered in like Manner as Penalties

or Expcnces Of the Acr.

2452

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap-129.

or other Sums of Money are hereby and by the faid recited A& directed to be levied and recovered.

G'che and XV. And be it further enabled, That the Allotment and Allotments mentsto'bs" herein-b: fore refpettivelv directed to be fee out and allorted to and for the King-fenced, fud William Duke of Devonjhire, his Heirs and Afligns, and the faid Vicar of H>therfage and Curate of Derwent, in refpett of Glebe L<mds, or in lieu of Tythes or other Payments in re(pe& thereof, as before mentioned and fet forrh, (hall (fave and except on fuch Pa'ts and Sides thereof as the faid Commiflioners (hall order and direft to be fenced by any of the Owners or Proprietors of Lands whofe Allotments (hail adjoin thereto) be Ring-fenced and fenced on each Side of any publuk Carriage Road that fh 11 by the faid Commiflioners be laid our, or directed to be made or continued through the lame, with good Stone Walls of ihe Height of Six Feet and of the Breadth of Two Feet at the Bottom, and conftrudted in a fubftantial and workmanlike Manner, with culLmary Coping, and good Wooden Gates properly fet up and hung on proper Stone Pofts, in fuch Parts of the faid Allotments as che faid Commiflioners fhall think nectflary and dired, by and at the Expence of the refpedive Owners and Proprietors of Lands fubjed to the Payment of Tythes within the faid Townfhips or Hamlets, in fuch Proportions as ihe faid Commiflioners fhall dired or appoint; and that fuch Walls, Fences, and Gates, fhall for ever after the making theieof be maintained and kept in Repair by the faid William Duke of Devonjhire, his Heirs and Afligns, and the faid Vicar of Hatherfage and Curate of Derwent, and their Succefibrs for the Time being refpedively, fo far as their refpeCiive Allotments fhall extend ; and that from the Firft Day of 'November next after the faid Allo;ments for or in iieu of Tythes or Modufes, and Payments in lieu thereof, fhall have been allotted and fenced as aforefltid, all and all Manner of Tythes, both Great and Small, and all Modufes and Payments in lieu thereof. Mortuaries, Eajler Offerings and Surplice Fees excepted, as well for and in refpeft of the faid Waftes, Moors, Commons, and uninclofed Lands hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, as alio tor and in refped of the ancient Inciofure.% and all other Lands within the faid Townfhips and Hamlets, and each and every of them, fhall ceafe, determine, and be for ever extinguifhed.

Allotments to XVI. And be it further enabled. That the faid Commiflioners, after the ManorI having frt out the feveral Allotments hcrein-beforc direded, fhall and they are hereby required to fet out and alloc unco and for ihe laid William Duke of Devoijbire, as Lord of the Manor of Hatherfage aforelaid, his Heirs and Afligns, and the faid Afhton JJhton Shut tieworthy as Lord of the Manor or reputed Manor of Upper Padley aforefaid, fo much and fuch Parc and Parts of the then Rtfidue of the faid Walks, Moors, Common', and uninclofed Lands within the faid Manors refpe&ively, as in the Judgement of the faid Commiflioners fhall be equal in Value to One-eighteenth Part or Share of fuch Rtfidue of the faid Waftes, Moors, Commons, and uninclofed Lands, for and in lieu of and as a full Recom-pence and Satisfaction for their relpe&ive Rights to the Soil of the laid Waftes, Moors, Commons, and uninclofed Lands hereby intended to be inclofed, and for their refpe&ive Confents to the Indcfuie, which faid Allotment or Allotments fhall contain the Stone, Flag, and other Quarries now of^n and worked upon the Commons in the faid refpedive

Manors;

2453

4.8°GEORGII III. Cap. 129.

Manors; and that the fame Allotments refpt&ivdy flaall be by the Lid Commiflioners divided and fet out unto and berween the faid IViiliam Duke of D’vonjhire and AJhton AJhtan Shuttle worth, their refpedive Heirs and Afligns, in Pioportion and according to their refpedive Rights and Interefls tnerein as Lords of the Manors aforefaid.

XVII.	And be it further enad d. That the faid Commiflioners fhall and they are hereby- required to fet out and allot the. Refidue of the faid Open and Common Field-, Mefne Inclofures, Wades, Moors, Commons, and uninclofcd Lands, hereby intended to be div.idrd, allotted, and indofed, unto, between, and amongft the feveral Perlbns who at the Time of making fuch Divifion, Allotmen', and Inclofure, fhall be entitled thereto or interefted therein, in Proportion co their feveral and refpedive Shares, Edates, Rights Properties, and Interefls; and in m.king the federal Allotments to be made u ider and by virtue of this Ad, the faid Commiflionen fhall and they are hereby required to have due Regard to Siruation and Convenience, as well as to the Quantity and Quality of the Land to be allotted, fo as that the Allotment or Allotments of each Perfon be laid as near together, and as contiguous to their leveral Dwelling and Farm Houfes and Ellates as conveniently may be, confidently with the general Convenience of the Parties interefted iri the faid Divifion, Allotment, and Inclofure: Provided always* that it fhall be lawfdl for the faid Commiflioners, at any Time before executing their final Award, to make any fuch Alterations in the Allotments, or in the Fences which they may have fet out and ordered, or in any of the Orders and Directions relating thereto which they may have made in purfuance of this or the faid recited Act* as they may think right and expedient; and in cale any Perfon or Petfpns be injured by fuch Alterations, on Account of any Expences he er they may have been at, or otherwife the faid Commiflioners fhall afeertam and determine what Recompence fhall be made to him, her, or them for fuch Injury, and fliall order and direct by whom, and in what Manner fuch Recompence fhall be made.

XVIII.	And be ir further enacted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the laid Commiflioners to order and direct any Part or Parts of the laid Waftes, Moors, Commons, and uninclofed Lands to be left open and unincloled, and to be marked out only with Boundary Stones, and held in Severalty as a flinred Failure or Sheepwalk, or flinted Paftures or SheepwaJks, and to be fubjed to fuch Rules, Orders, and Regulations touching the future ufing, flocking, and enjoyment thereof, as the faid Commiflioners fhall think proper, and for the Advantage of the feveral Owners thereof, and fhali in and by their faid Award order and dired: P ovided neverthclefs, that the faid Commiflioners fhall and they are Ktreby required in and by their faid Award, to dired and appoint how much and what Part or Parts .of the Fence or Fences of iuch flinted Failures or Shccpwalks ihe refptdbve Proprietors fhall make or maintain i.i c«tc they ilia I, at any Time 01 Times after the Execution of the faid /:waui, agree to inclofe the lame.

XIX.	And be it further enifled. That wherever it fhall happen that n 1 Proprietors than One have Land in the fame Clofe or Parcel of the fxelcnc inciolecf Lands within the faid Townlhips or Hamlets, or either 01 any of them, i- (hall be lawful, for the faid Comnillioners, and they

[Lee. (4 fir.]	27	are

Allotment of Refidue to Pioprictors.

Cotumitffion-ers may make any Alteration before Execution of their Award.

Black Moors may be left

Certain in-clo.'ed Lands to be allotted as open Fields.

8454

4SsGE0RGII III. Cap. 129.

are hereby authorized and required in every fuch Cafe, at the Kequcfl of the Parties interfiled therein, to be fignified by Writing under their relpe&ive Hands, to divide, allot, and award every fuch Clofe or Parcel cf the prefenc inclofed Land, in the fame Way and Manner as if the fame were Part of the- Open and Common Fields hereby direded to be divided, allotted, and inclofed.

Allotment# XX. And be it further etva&ed, That the faid Commiflioners fhall, and they are hereby authorized to aflign, let out and allot unto any Ptr-cniet or other (on or ’Perfons who fliall or may be entitled to any Fee Farm Rents, Cl i f Rents. Rents, Quit Rents, or other dry and unimprovable Rents or Payments whatfoever, from or out of any Mtfiuages, Cottages, Lir.ds, Tenements, or Hereditaments belonging ro any cf the faid Owne s or Proprietors, or Perfons interelled as afore (aid, and entitled to any Alotment or Alio:-ments under and by virtue of this Ad, fuch Portion or Pontons oi ! Allotment or Allotments of fuch Owners or Proprietors, or P ens interefted as afortfaid, as in the Judgement of the laid Commifiiontia (hall he equivalent in Value to the Fee Simple and Inheritance of any fuch Rents or Payments, and in lieu of and full Satisfaction for the fame.

Lands to be XXI And be it further enaded, That all and every the Lands and Tenure Hereditaments wh'ch (hall b<- allotted by virtue of this or the laid recited thofe in Right A ' {hall be holden and fhall be deemed and taken under and fubjtd to al*h<y an<* t^le ^ enure' Fenls» Fines, Cuftoms, Heriots, and Services, Sotted/ * as the Lands and Hereditaments in right or in refpedl of which fuch Allotments fhall be made; and that the fevtral Lands and Hereditaments which fh II be allotted in righc or in refpeft of Freehold Lands or Hereditaments fhall be deemed Freehold, and fhall be holden as fuch under the fame Rents and bv the fame Services, as the Freehold Lands and Hereditaments in right or in refpedl of which they fhall be fo allotted j and that the feveral Lands and Hereditaments which fhall be allotted in right or in refptd of Copyhold or Cuftomary Lands or Hereditaments within or holden of the faid Manor of Hatberfage (hall be deemed Copyhold or Cuftomary Lands and Hereditaments, and (hall be holden as fuch by Copy of Court Roll, at the Will of the Lord, according to the Cuftom of the faid Manor of Hatherfoge, by, under, and fubjedt to fuch and the like Tenure, Rents, Fines, Cuftoms, Heriots, and Services, and (hall pafs by fuch and the like Surrenders, Admittances, or other Adts, Deeds, or Jnftru-ments, and by and under fuch and the like Rules and Orders of Defcent or otherwife, as the Copyhold or Cuftomary Lands and Hereditaments in right or in refptcl of which they fhall be fo allotted ; and that the Quantities in Acres, Roods, and Perches, of fuch Copyhold or C.ufto-ma'y Allotments, with their refpedive Boundaries and Abuttals (where the fame can be alcertained), (hall be by the faid Commiflioners in their faid Awaid fet forth and deferibed j and that all and every Perfon and Perfons to whom any fuchCopyhold or Cuftomary Allotment lhall be made, lhall, within Six Calendar Months from the Execution of the faid Award, be admitted Tenant or Tenants of the fame refpectively according to the Cuftom of the faid Manor of Hatherfage, without paying any Fine on fuch Admiffion, or any other Charge than the Stamp Duties and Parchment, and the accuftomed Charges and Fees of the Steward of the Court; but in cafe any Perfon or Perfons, to whom fuch laft*meationed Lands or

Hereditament*

2455

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 129.

Hereditaments fhall be To allotted, fball die without Admiflion within the faid Six Calendar Months, then the cuftomary Fine or Fines, Heriots, and other Payments, fhall be due and payable on the Admiflion of the Perfon or Perfons entitled to the faid Lands and Hereditaments; and after every fitch firft Admiflion, the Copyhold Lands and Hereditaments fo to be allotted fhall at all Times thereafter be holdcn under and fubject to the fame Tenure, Fines, Duties, Heriots, and other Payments, as the Copy-hold Lands and Hereditaments in right or in refpeCfc of which they fhall be fo allotted.

XXII.	And be it further enabled, That all Encroachments which fhall Rrfpectfr.g appear ro the laid Commifiioners to have been made at any Time within Thirry Years previous to the Firft Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and eight, upon the faid Waftes, Moors, Common, and unin-

clofed Ground*, fhall be deemed Part thereof, and (hall be divided and allotted accordingly; and in cafe any Difpute or Difference fhall arife touching any fuch Encroachments, or the Extent thereof, fuch Difpute fhall be fettled by the faid Commifiioners, and all fuch Encroachments as fhall be deemed Parts of the faid Waftes, Moors, Commons, and unir.-clofed Lands, in cafe the fame fhall be allotted to the refpeCtive Parties who may have improved the fame, or to the faid William Duke of Devon• fliirey his Heirs or Afligns, within the Manor of Hatberjage aforefaid, or the faid Ajhton AJhton Sbuttlewortb, his Heirs or Afligns, within the Manor of Upper Padley aforefaid, fhall be valued as if in an unimproved State, and without confidering the Improvements made thereupon in building or otherwife; but if fuch Encroachments fhall be allotted to any other Perfon or Perfons, then and in fuch Cafe the Perfon or Perfons who fhall receive the fame fhall pay and allow to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall or may have improved the fame fuch Compenfation or Satisfaction, and in fuch Manner as the faid Commiflioners fhall think reafonable, and by Writing under their Hands, or in and by their faid Award, order and direCt.

XXIII.	And be it further enaCted, That in cafe any Difference or Dif- Commirnon-pute fhall arife with or between any Perfon or Perfons interefted in the

faid intended Divifion, Allotment, and Inclofure, touching their refpec- Claims! but live Shares, Proportions, Rights, Intereits, Claims, or Demands, or relating to the Boundaries to be fet out by the faid Commiflioners in pur- me 1 e8’ fuance of rhis or the laid recited ACt, the faid Commiflioners or Umpire fhall, and they are hereby authorized and required, to hear and determine the fame: Provided, that nothing herein contained fhall authorize the faid Commiflioners or Umpire to determine any Difference or Difpute touch* mg the Title of any Perfon or Perfons in or to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatfoever.

XXIV.	And be it further enaCted, That in cafe the faid Commiflioners commiffion-or Umpire, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, coihay award Objection or Objections, Difference or Difpute, which fhall be brought ° before them under and by virtue of this or the faid recited ACt, (hall fee

Caufe to award any Cofts or Charges to any of the Parties concerned therein, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Commiflioners or Umpire, upon Application made to them for that Purpofe, to fettle, affefs, and award fuch Cofts and Charges as they fhall think reafonable, to be paid

to

2456	4^’GEORGII	III. Cap. 129.

to the Party or Parties in whole Favour any fuch Determination of the faid Commiflioners or Umpire lhall be made by any Perfon or Peifons wh'ife Claim or Claims, Objtdion or Objections fhail or may, by loch Determination, be difallowed or overruled; and (uch Colts and Charges fhall/and tray be levied and recovered in the fame Manner as the Expences of paflr g and executing this Ad are direded and authorized to be recovered.

Si-ticslo tr' XXV. And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any Ptrfon or Perfons thlir irijht^ interefted or claiming to be interefted in the laid intended Divifion, W n iffue at Allotment and Inclofure, lhall be diffatisfied with any Decei minatton of Law‘	the fa d Commiflioners or Umpire, touching or concerning any Claim or

C'aims of the Right to the S -il, or of any Right of Common or ether Right or Intere ft, in, over, or upon, or in relpect of ti e laid Open and Common F elds, Mefne Idclofures, W iftes, Moors, Commons, and other uni clTd Lands, or any Part thereof, or relating to the Boundaries to be let our a<> afo tfaid, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating ro the Lid Diviflon, Allotment, and Inclo ure, it lhall and may be lawful f r the Perf n or Perfons fo diffatisfied to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Mutter determined by the faid Commiflioners or Umpire, at the Fir ft or Second Aflizes then next folio wi; g to be holden for the faid County of Derby; and for that Ptirpofe the Perfon or Perfons who lhall be oifla’ sfh-d with the Determination of the faid Commiflioners or Un piic as afurefaid lhall catife an Adion to be brought on a feigned Iffue againft the Perfon or Perfons in whofe Favour fuch Determination fhail have been made, within Three Calendar Months next alter fuch Determination of the faid CommiflioneiS or Umpire; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Adi< n or Actions fhail, and he, fhe, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who lhall appear thereto or file Common Bail, and accept one or more Iffue or Iffues, whereby fuch Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled upon or in Diipute, may be tried and determined (fuch Iffue or Iffues, in caie the Parties fhail differ abour the fame, to be fettled by the proper Officer of the Court in which fuch Adion or Actions fhail be commenced); and the Verdi&or Verdicts which lhall be given in fuch Action or Adions fhail be final, binding, and conclufive upon all and every Perfon or Perfons whomfoever (unlefs the Court wherein fuch Adion or Adions fhail be brought lhall fee afide fuch Verdid or Verdids, and order a new Trial to be had thereon, which it fhail be lawful for the Court to do, and alio upon . ent Caufe (hewn to put off the Trial of fuch Iffue, as is ufual in	other Ca	es); and that after fuch	Verdid or Verdids (hall

be obtained	and not	let afide by the Court,	the laid Commiflioners

fhail and they are hereby requred to ad in conformity thereto, and to allow or dilallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined according to the Event of fuch Trial or Trials, and the Verdid or Verdids to be . given thereon as aforefaid : P.ovidcd always, that the Determination of JiUIJcJii-	the faid Commiflioners	or Umpire touching any	fuch Claim or Claims as

Kftiffi.ners ur	afortfaid, or	touching	or concerning any other	Matter or Thing relating

finaf ^f *not* to the faid Divifion, Allotment, and Inclofure, which fhail not be objeded duiy’obiected to, or being objeded to, the Party or Parties objecting lhall not in relped to and tried, therc0f (ju]y caule fuch Adion at Law to be brought and proceeded.in as afortfaid, fhail be final and conclufive upon all Parties.

8

XXVI. And

3

Dr

tn

ms

rts

i«d

103

vxh let 1 a tall

iwi i a pr xn-

303

3 ur ritf fOO, for, hall

*7S

I to fio

) be

not

tftd

iifl

pi

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 129.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted, That if any of the Parties in anv Aftion to be brought in purfuance of this or the faid recited Aft (hall die pending the lame, fuch Aftion (hall not abate by reafon thereof, but (hall be proceeded in as if fuch Event had not happened.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Suic or Suits fhall be commenced or profecuted, touching or concerning the Tide of any Perfon or Perfons to any Mefiuages, Lands, or Tenements, in the faid Townfhips or Hamlets, fuch Suit or Suits (hall not impede, delay, or hinder the faid Commiffioners from proceeding in the Execution of the Powers veiled in them by the faid recited Aft and this Aft; but the laid Divifion, Allotment, and Inclofure, (hall be proceeded in norwithftanding fuch Suit-or Suits-, and the Allotment or Allotments to which (uch Suit or Suits (hall relate may be had and taken by the Perfon or Perfons who, upon the Determination of fuch Suit or Suits, (hall become entitled to the fame.

XXVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons in whofe Favour any fuch Determination as aforefaid fliall have been made, and againfl; whom any fuch Aftion or Aftions might have been brought if living, lhall die before any fuch Aftion or Aftiot.s fliall have been brought, and before the Expiration of the Time herein-before limited for bringing fuch Aftion or Aftions, it (ball be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, who might have broughc iuen Aftion or Aftions againfl: the Perfon or Perfons fo dying, to bring the lame within the Time fo limited as aforefaid againfl fuch Perfon or Perfons as if actually living, and to ferve the Clerk of the faid Commif-fieners with Procefs for commencing fuch Aftion or Actions, in the fame Manner as che Party or Parties might have been ferved therewith if living; and it lhall thereupon be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, or other Perfon or Pcrlcns who fliall claim the Benefit of fuch Determination as aforefaid, to appear and defend fuch Aftion or Actions in the Name or Names of the Perfon or Perfons fo dead, and Proceedings lhall be had therein in the fame Manner as if fuch Perfon or Perlons had been aftually living; and the Rights of all Parties (hall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of fuch Aftion or Aftions.

XXIX.	Provided ajfo, and be it further enafted, That nothing in this Aft contained lhall extend to enable the faid Commiffioners to determine any Right between any Parties contrary to the Poflcffion of any of fuch Parties, except in cafes of Encroachments made within the Period of Thirty Years, as herein-before mentioned ; but in cafe the faid Commiffioners lhall be of Opinion againfl the Right of the Perfon or Perfons fo in Pof-ieffion, they (hall forbear to make any Determination thereupon, until the Poffcflion (hall have been given up, or recovered from fuch Perfon or Perfons by Ejeftment or other due Courfe of Law.

XXX.	And be it further enafted. That the faid Commiffioners (hall and they are hereby empowered to direft and order all or any of the Water-couffes4;r Springs ot Water in the faid Open and Common Fields, Mel'ne Ioclo.ures, Waftes. Moors, Commons, and other uninclofed Lands, or any Pait ihereof, to be diverted, turned, or varied, and to be carried and conveyed in fjch Courfcs, and through fuch Lands and Allotments as they

[Lee. Per.]	27	R

2457

If Partiea die

Pjoc--edings rot to abate#

Suits not to delay the Inclofure.

Pi orifion in cafe of Death of Parties before Actions brought.

Right of Poffeffion of Perlons not to be determined by Commiiiion*

For d' verting Water-

2458

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 129.

fball in their Difcretion think proper; provided that fuch Watercovlrfcs or Springs of Water fhall not be diverted, turned, or varied, without the Content in Writing or the Perfon or Perfons who may at the Time be entitled to the Benefit and Ufe thereof, and the Content in Writing of the Perfon or Perfons from or into whofe Lands or Grounds fuch Springs or Watercourtes (hall be diverted, turned, or varied, carried through or conveyed as aforefuid.

Commiifien- XXXI. And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Commiffioners (hall, the Cour/eo? as ^00n a^ter Puffing of this Act as conveniently may be, by fome Huibandry. Wri-ing or Wiitings under their Hands, to be publifhed as herein-before direded, order and direft the Courfe of Hufbandry that fhall be uted in, over, and upon the Lands and Grounds intended by this Ad to be inclofed, until the Time when they fhall have made and completed the faid intended Divifion and Allotments, as well with refped to the laying down, ploughing, fowing, fallowing, and tilling thereof, as to the flocking and earing the Fallows or Stubbles, and alfo to the cutting of Turf, Peat, Furze, Thorns, or Bufhes, getting or digging of Peat or Stone, cutting of Wood, Or doing any Injury unto or upon the Lands intended by this Ad to be inclofed, and by the fame or any other Writing or Writings under iheir Hands, to be affixed upon the mcft'puhluk outer Door of the Ghorch of Halherfage aforefaid, upon fome Sunday immediately preceding Divine Service, fhall and may make fuch Orders and Regulations, touching the Conduct of Fanners and Tenams within the faid Towr.lhips or Hamlets, for preventing them from committing Wafte or Dcftrudion upon any of the faid Lands and Grounds in the faid Townfhips or Hamlets in the mean Time, and until the Allotments or Divifion thereof (hall be effeded, as to them fhall teem expedient, all which Orders and Regulations of the faid Commiffioners fhall be binding and conclufive upon ail Parties in-terefted therein, their Farmers and Tenants ? and that the faid Commit-* fioners (had fet and impofe fuch pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures, not exceeding Five Pounds per Acre, on every Perfon not conforming to fuch Orders and Regulations as they ffiiil think neceffary, which Penalties and Forfeitures fhall be paid to fuch Perfon or Perfons, and for fuch Ufes and Purpofes as the Commiffioners frill by any Writing or Writ.ngs under their Hands, or by their Award herein-after mentioned, direct or app >int; and the fame fhall be recovered and recoverable in a fummary Way before any One Juftice of the Peace for the faid County of Derby, who is hereby authorized and required, upon Complaint made before him, to fummon the Party accufed, and to examine any Wimefs or Wiineftes upon Oath (to be adminillered by him), and to proceed to Judgement and Conviction as in Cates of a fimilar Nature j and if any fuch Penalties and Forfeitures (hall be adjudged to have been incurred, then it fhall be lawful for any fuch Juftice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to caufe fuch Penalties to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parti, s offending, together with reafonable Cofts, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels.

CcramiSloners XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the faid Commiffioners fhall

lo much and Inch convenient Part or Parts of the laid Waftes, Moors, Commons, and unincloled Lands, as in the Judgement of the faid Conv-

miffioners

2459

48* GEORGII III. Gap. 129.

miflioners fhall be fufficient fo raife a competent Sum of Money for paying the Charges and Expences of patting and executing this Att, and to fell the Lands fo let out (the Situation and Extent being by the faid Commifiioners fir ft laid before a Meeting of the Proprietors or Pcrions interefted in the faid Inclofure)* >n fuch Manner and fubjvdt to fuch Conditions and Regulations as by the faid recited A£t of the Forty-firft Year 'of His prefent Majefly is provided in that Behalf; and the Receipt or Receipts of the faid Com mi fli oners for the Purchafe Money fhall be a full and complete Difcharge or full and complete Diicharges to the Purchafer or Purchasers for the Conflderation Money which fhall be therein ex-prefTcd to be received; and fuch Put chafer or Purchafers, alter fuch Receipt or Receipts, fhall not be obliged to fee to the Application of fuch Purchafe Money or any Part thereof, or be anfwerable or accountable for the Mifapplication or Non-application thereof, or of any Part thereof; and after Payment of the full Purchafe Money for any fuch Allotment or Allotments, the Purchafer or Purchafers fhall thereupon relpeftively have and take to himfelf, herfelf, or thcmfelves, and his, her, and their refpec-tive Heirs and Affigns, an abfolute and indcfeafible Eft ate of Inheritance in Fee Simple of and in the Lands which fhall be comprized in fuch his, her, or their Purchafe or Furchafes; and the Lid Commifiioners {hail and they are hereby authorized and empowered either to award the faid Part or Parcs of the faid Wattes, Moors, Commons, and uninclofed Lands, when fold, to the Purchafer or Purchafrrs thereof refpectively, his, her, or their Heirs and Afligns for ever, in and by their faid Award, and fuch Award fhall be a good and fufficient 'Title in Fee Simple to fuch Purchafer or Purchafers; or other wife, if the Purchafer or Purchafers fhall requett the fame, the faid Commiffioners fhall and rhey are hereby authorized and empowered to convey in Fee Simple, by Leafe and Rcleafe, made and executed by the faid Commifiioners to the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof refpeclively, his, her, and rheir Heirs and Attigns, the faid Allotment or Allotments, and the fame fhall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purpofes; and the Money arifing from fuch Sale or Sales fhall be applied by the faid Commifiioners in defraying the feve’ivl Charges and Expences aforefaid : Provided always, that in cafe the Money arifing by the Sale of fuch Allotment or Allotments as aforefaid fhall not be fufficient to defray all the Charges and Expences as aforefaid, then the Deficiency fhall be made up by the fevcral Perfons interefted in the faid Inclofure (other than and except the faid William Duke of Devonjhire, his Heirs and Afligns, and the faid Vicar of Hatherfage and Curate of Derwent for the Time bring refpeclively, fo far as relate to the Allotments hereinbefore directed to be made to the faid William Duke of Devonfhire, and to the faid Vicar of Hatherfage and Curate of Derwent, in refpeft or in lieu of Glebe Land* or Tythes), and fhall be paid in fuch Shares and Proportions, and . within fuch Time or Times, and to fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Commifiioners (hill diicfl, nominate, and appoint; or in cafe any Expencts fhall be incurred in the Execution of any of the Powers and Piovifions of this A£l, which ought to be borne and defrayed by any particular Pedon or Pcrions, and not out of any Money to be raifed for the general Purpofes of this Aft, then the fame (hall be paid in fuch Share-, and Proportions, and by fuch Perfon or Perfons, and within fuch Tune and to fucti Pericn or Perfons, as the faid Commifiioners fhall direfl, nominate, or appoint: Provided always, that if there fhall beany Overplus of the Money arifing by fuch Sale, the fame fhall be applied in

the

The Djfici*

railed by (he Proprietors*

2460	48' GEORGII III. Cap.129.

the Manner directed by the laid recited Ad, with refped to Money to be paid for the Purchafc or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out, in the Purchale of other L nds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the fameUfes.

deduced from XXXIII. And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the laid

Allotments to Commiffioners, and they are hereby rtquired, in caie they ffiail be re-

Liie^o*!°r fuelled fo to do by any Tenant for, Life or in Tail, or other Pcilon being

Expences/ in Pofftffion of but not having the abfolute Ellate or Intereft in any Meflfuages, Land', Tenements, or Hereditaments within the laid Town-Ihips or Hamlets (fuch Rtqueft being in Writing under the Harfd or Hands of luch Perfon or Per Ions as afortfaidj, to feil fo much of the refpeitive Allotment or Allotments to be made to fuch Perfon or Perfons in refped of fuch Mefliaages, Lands, Tenement',, or Hereditament', as lhall in the Judgement of the faid Commiffioners be equal in Value to the refpedive Proportions of any Part of the Expences of obtaining and carrying this and the Lid recited Ad into Execution, which fuch Perfon or Perfons may be charged with, and the Expences of fencing, ditching, inclofing, and putting into a proper State for letting the Allotment or Allotments of luch Perfon or Perfons as afortfaid; and the laid Conimif-fioners lhall afiign, allot, and award the faid Lands fo to be fold tdiany Purchaftr or Purghafejs thereof upon Payment of the Value of fuch Allotment or Allotments by him or them to the faid Commiffioners, who fhall apply the fame in or to the Payment of fuch Expences, and in fencing, ditching, inclofing and putting into a proper State for letting the faid Allotment or Allotments refpe&ivtly: Provided always, that if there lhall be any Overplus of the Money arifing by fuch Sale, the fame lhall be applied in the Manner direded by the faid reeked Ad with refped to Money to be paid for the Purchale or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchafc of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the lame Ufes,

Leafes at Rack Rent t< be void.

XXXIV.	And be it further enaded, That all and every Leafe and Leafes, or other Agreement at Rack Rent fubfifting, of all or any Part or Parts of any Mefluage, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the Lid Townffiips or Hamlets, for any Term or Number of Years unexpired, lhall, immediately upon fuch Allotments being made, or fo foon after as the faid Commiffioners ffiail by their faid Award direct, ceafe, determine, and be void, in refped of the faid Open and Common Fields, Mefne Inclolures, Waites, Moors, Commons, and other uninclofcdLands, the refpedive Owners and Proprietors of the faid Mtfiuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo in Leafe as afoiefaid, making luch Satif-Ldion to fuch Ltflee or Lefties, Tenant or Tenants, as the laid Commiffioners ffiail dired or appoint, for or in refped of Inch Leafe or Leafes cr other Agreements, or as an Equivalent for the lame: Provided always, that if there ffiail be any Leafe of Lards, Pait of which fhall lie in the faid Townffiips or Hamlets, and Part in any adjoining Townffiip or Hamlet, all and every fuch Leafe or Leafes at Raik Rent no.v lubfiiling may be vacated ; but where fuch Land ffiail have been taken in exchange, the Whole of which Land ffiail be under Leafe, and wholly fituate in an adjoining Townffiip or Hamlet, the Leafe of fuch Ia'd-mcntioned L3nd

ffiail

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 129;	2461

fhall not be vacated: Provided alfo, that nothing herein contained (ball extend to make void any Leafe or Leafes of the prefent inciofed Lands or vv|lere a fine Hereditaments, or of any Part or Parts of the Lands or Grounds by this lm been paid. A a directed to be divided, allotted, and inciofed, upon the making or Renewal whereof any Fine or Fines hath or have been paid.

XXXV.	And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where an Allot-	ta

ment or Allotments of any Part of the faid Open and Common fields,

Mefne Inclofores, Waftes, Moors, Commons, and other uninclofed for Lois ot Lands, fhall be made for and in refpeft of the Rights and Interefts K'Sh,s' belonging to any Perfon or Perfons for or in refpeft of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the faid Townlhips or Hamlets, which are held hy any Tenants, or Occupiers for a Term of Years by virtue of any Leafe or Agreement thereof made; and if fuch Tenants or Occupiers do not or lhall not come to an Agreement with the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Allotments lhall be made for the Ufe, Occupation, and Enjoyment thereof, fuch Tenants or Occupiers (hall not be entitled to enter upon, occupy or hold the faid Allotment or Allotments, but fhall nevertheh fs have and receive from the refpeftive Owners or Proprietors thereof, fuch an Abatement from the yearly Rent or Rents refervad and made payable in and by fuch Leafe or Leafes, Agreement or'Agreements, for the Remainder of the Term or Terms then to come then-in, as the faid Commiffioners’ (hall adjudge to be a reafonable Compenfation for the Lofs which he or they lhall fuftain thereby.

XXXVI.	And be it further enacted. That it (hall and may be lawful Exchange! to and for the faid Commiffioners to fet out, allot, and award any Lands, may cma Tenements, or Hereditaments whatfoever, within the faid Parifh of Ualher-fage, in lieu of ai.J in Exchange for any other Lands,. Tenements, and Hereditaments whatfoever within the faid Parifh, or within any adjoining Parifl'i, Hamlet, Townfhip, or Place ; provided that all fuch Exchanges be afeertained, fpecified, and declared, in the Award of the faid Commiffioners, and be made with the Confent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which lhall be fo exchanged, whether fuch Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, ffiali be a Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtefy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Conlent of the Guardians, Truftees, Feoffees for charitable or other Ufes, Hufbands, Committees or Attornies of or aQing for any fuch Proprietors or Owners as aforefaid, who at the Time of making fuch Exchange or Exchanges lhall be refpeftively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunsticks, or under any other legal Incapacity, or who lhall be beyond the Seas or otherwife difablcd to aft for themfelves, himfelf, or herfelf, fuch Confent to be teftified in Writing under the Common Seal of the Body Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, ar.d under the Hands of the other parties confenr-ing refpeclively; and all and every fuch Exchange or Exchanges fo to be made lhall be good, valid, and effeflual in the Law, to all Intents and Pur-pofes whatfoever: Provided neverthelefs, that no Exchange lhall bemade of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditamems held in Right of any Church,

Chapel, cr other Ecclcfiaftica) Benefice, without the Confent teftified as aforefaid of the Pamn thereof, and of the Lord Bifhop of the Diocefe

[_Lx. CS3 Per.~]	27	S	in	^

48° GEORGII III. Cap.129.

in which fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo to be exchanged, fhall lie or be fltuate : Provided always, that the Cofts, Charges, and Expences attending the making and completing any Exchanges or Partitions under the Powers and Authorities in this Ad and rhe laid recited Act, or either of them contained, (hall be paid and borne by the ftverai Perfons, Bodies Pol tick, Corporate or Collegiate, making fuch Exchanges or Partitions, in fuch Manner and in fuch Proportions as the faid Com-miffioners lhail order and direct.

Tenants to XXXVII. And be it further enacted. That all and every Tenant changed634'	and Occupier under any Leafe or Agreement for any Term of Years

Lands.	of any of the old Inclofures within the faid Tcwnlhips or Hamlets

and Parilh, which fhall be exchanged by virtue of this Ad, fhall, immediately after the Execution of the Award of the faid Commif-fioners, or within fuch further Time as the faid Coma?iflioners, fhall appoint, and whereof Notice in Writing fhall be given lor that Pur-pofe, give up and r fign the full and peaceable Pofieftion of fuch exchanged Lands to the Pcrfon or Perfons to or with whom the fame lhail be refptdively exchanged, fuch rdpcdlive. Tenants and Occupiers receiving from the faid refpedive Owners and Proprietors of fuch exchanged Lands fuch Satisfaction as the faid Commiflioners fhall afeer-tain, order, dired, or appoint to be paid to fuch Tenant or Tenants refptdively on account thereof, or as an Equivalent for the Lofs or Lcffes he, fhe, or they fhali refptdively fuftain thereby 5 and if the Money fo to be afteriained as aforefaid lhail not be paid to the Perfon or Perfons entitled to receive the fame, within Three Calendar Months after Demand made thereof, it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby required, to raife and levy the fame for the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons entitled thereto, by fuch Ways and Means as the Cofts, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Aft, can or may be raifed or recovered.

Propr'etors XXXVIII. And be it further enabled. That it fhall and may be lawful lot nen'rs'be" f°r any ^cr^oR cr Perf°RS fhall he entitled to any Allotment or Allot-fore ,he E\e- ments under or by virtue of this Ad, in Fee Simple, to give, grant, bar-AwSVand6 gam» demife, mortgage, limit, devife, convey, allure, and difpofe Se^Ri^ht of the fame, or all or any Part of his, her, or their Eftate and Intereft of Co 1 mi on, therein, or Right thereto, at any Time before the Execution of the faid tUir<othcrm Award of the faid Commiflioners-, and every fuch Gift, Grant, Bargain, Property. Sale, Demile, Mortgage, Limitation, Affurance, Devife, Conveyance, 2nd Difpofition thereof, fhall be of the fame Force and Validity as if made after the Execution of the faid Award; and alfo that it lhail and may be lawful for any of the Owners or Proprietors of any Common Right upon the Waftes, Moors, Commons, and uninclolcd Lands hereby dnedtd to be divided, allotted, an 1 incloled, to fell and difpnle of the* fame, or of the Allotment or Allotments to be made or fet out in refpect thereof by virtue of this Ad, frparate and diftind from the Eftate in Right of which lie or fhe is entitled to fuch Allotment or Allotments, in fuch Manner as he or flic might have done at any Time after the Execution of the faid Award and it lhail be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to award all and every fuch Allotment or Allotments which fhall be fold and difpofed of, or be made and fet out in lieu of auy Common Right fo fold or difpofed of, to the

Purchafer

2462

Expences of Exchanges, hvw to be borne.

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 129.	24.63

Purchafer op Purchafers thereof, or other Perfon or Perfons, who (hall be entitled to the fame by virtue of any fuch Sale or Difpofition.

XXXIX.	And be it further enabled. That all and every Perfon and Mortgages ■ Perfons to whom any Grant, Mortgage, Leafe, or Demife, (ball be made	af'

by virtue of this or the faid recited A&, as a Security for any Sum or Sums by him, her, or them lent and advanced on the Credit of and for the Purpofes mentioned in this Act or the faid recited Ad, or who (hall be entitled to the Money thereby fecured, (hall and may from Time to Time, by any Deed or Deeds, Surrender or Surrenders, Writing or Writings under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to be executed in the Prefence of and attefted by Two or more credible Witnefles, aflign, and transfer the fame Security or Securities, or the Principal Money and Inter eft thereby fecured, and all Benefit and Advantage thereof, and all his, her, or their Eftate, Right, Title, or Intereft, and Term of Years then to come and unexpired, of, in, and to the fame, unto any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, who may again in like Manner aiTIgn the fame, and io toties quoties; and fuch Mortgagee or Mortgagees, Affignee or Aflignees, his, her, or their Executors or Adminiftrators, and all Perfons claiming under him, them, or any of them, fhall and may ule, take, and purfue all fuch lawful Methods, Courfes, and Expedients, in Law or Equity, for recovering or obtaining Pofleflion of the Premifes fo mortgaged, demifed, or afligned as aforefaid, in cafe of Non-payment of the Principal Money and Intereft thereby fecured, or any Part thereof, as is or are, or can or may be ufed, taken, and purfued, in Cafes of Money due upon Mortgage in general.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That all Money Mortgages©* charged upon Copyhold Lands within the faid Manor of Ilatberfage (hall beSadeln10 be iecured by Mortgage or Mortgages, or Alignments thereof, in the the Lord's Court of the Lord of the faid Manor of Hatberfage> according to the Courr-Cuftom of the fame Manor; and on fuch Mortgage or Mortgages, or Alignments thereof, the cuftomary Fine (hall be paid to the Lord of the faid Manor of Hatberfage, with all the cuftomary Court Charges and Fees ufually paid to the Steward on fuch Occafions.

XLI. And be it further enaded, That all and every Sale and Sales made S.iles to be in by any Perfon or Perfons in pursuance of this or the faid recited Act of the Lor«'» any Allotment or Allotments, where the fame (hall be in refped of Copy- Court* hold Property within the faid Manor of Hatherfagey (hall be made by the cuftomary Surrender and Admiflion in the Court of the Lord of the faid Manor of Hatherfage, on which the cuftomary Fine (hall be paid to-the Lord of the fame Manor, and alfo the ufual Court Charges and Fees to the Steward thereof on fuch Occafions (hall be paid.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein No settle contained (hall extend, or be conftrued, deemed, adjudged, or taken to ment, win, revoke, make void, alter or annul any Settlement, Deed or Will, or to ?c;t,jbe prejudice any Perfon or Perfons having or claiming any Jointure, Dower * ^ ’ Portion, Rent Service, Mortgage, Debt, Charge, or Incumbrance in’ out of, upon, or affeding any of the Lands and Grounds to be divided’ allotted, and inclofed as aforefaid, or any Lands, Tenements, or Her-ditaments, which fhall be exchanged or divided by virtue of this Ad or

9	the

2464	48‘GEORGII	HI. Cap. 12$.

the faid recited Ad, or any Parc or Parcel thereof refpedively, but that the feveral Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, fo to be affigned, allotted, exchanged, or divided as aforefaid, fhall, immediately after making fuch Allotments, Exchanges, Partitions, or Divifions refpectively, be, remain, and enure, and be held and enjoyed; and the leveral Perfons to whom the fame (hall be affigned and allotted, or given in Exchange, fhall from thenceforth hand and be feifed and poficiTcd thereof refpec-tively to fuch and the fameUfes, and to and for fuch and the fame Eftates, and with and under fuch and the fame Powers and Authorities, and fubjed to the fame Wills, Limitations, Conditions, Settlements, Ptovifions, Remainders, Reverfions, Mortgages, Debts, Charges, and Incumbrances, as the feveral Meffuages, Lands, Grounds, and Common Rights, in lieu or in refped whereof fuch Allotments and Exchanges fhall be made, now (land limited or liable to, or would have been liable to in cale this Adi had not been made.

M^ney ad- XL1II. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall repaid with6 advance any Sum or Sums of Money lor defraying the Expences of Interdt. obtaining and palling this A<5t, or of carrying the fame and the faid recited Ad into Execution, every fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall be repaid the lame, with Intereft after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, out of the firlt Monies that lhall be raifed or received by the laid Commiffioners by virtue of this Ad for defraying fuch Expences.

Award to be XLIV. And be it further enaded, That the Award to be made by the depofited. (aid Commiffioners, when inrolled in Manner direded by the faid recited Ad, lhall be depofited and kept in the Cheft belonging to the Parifh Church of Hatberfage aforefaid, where the other Writings belonging to the faid Parilh are ufually kept, in order that all Perfons interefted in the faid Inclofure may have Recourfe thereto at all feafonable Times.

Extrafv from XLV. And be it further enaded. That the faid Commiffioners (hall and tbey are hcreby recE‘ired» within Three Calendar Months after the Exe-AUormtnr to cution of the Award, to make an Extrad on Parchment under their be iraBfmitted Hands of fo much thereof as lhall contain an accurate Defcriprion of the totheUuc y Allotment or Allotments which lhall be made to His laid Majelly, together with fuch Regulations or Provifions relative to fuch Allotment'or Allotments, or to any other Rights or Interefts of His faid Majelly, as may be contained in fuch Award; and lhall annex to fuch Extract a Map or Plan of fuch Allotment or Allotments, and tranfmit the fame to the Clerk of the Council of His Majelly’s Duchy of Lancajler for the Time being.

Comroiffion- XLVI. And be it further enaded. That once at leaf! in each and every ers Accounts ytar during the Execution of this Ad (fuch Year to be computed from Sforeajuf. the Day of the palling thereof; the faid Commiffioners lhall and they are tice.	hereby required to make a true and juft Statement or Account of all

Sums of Money by them received and expended, or due to them for rhtir own Trouble and Expences, in the Execution of this and the faid recited *	Ad; and fuch Statement or Account when fo made, together with the

Vouchers relating thereto, lhall be by them laid before any One or more of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Derby, to be by him or them examined and balanced, and fuch Balance lhall be by fuch

Juftice

4.5" GEORGII III. Cap. 129.	2465

Juftice or Juftices dated in the Books of Accounts to be kept in the Office of 1 he Clerk to the faid Commiffioners*, and no Charge or Item in fuch Accounts (hall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unlcfs the fame lha.l have hem duly allowed by fuch Juftice or Jufticcs.

XLVII. And be it further enaded, That the faid Proprietors (hall pay Proprietor* their own Expences when they attend the faid Commiffioners at any of ^n^xp^nces. their Meetings to be holden for putting this A6t into Execution.

XLVflI. And be it further enaded, That if any Petfon or Perfons fhall think himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved by any Thing done in pur- seflion*. f ance of this or the faid recited A£t (other than and except fuch Claims,

Matters, and Things as are herein*before directed or authorized to be afeertained, fettled, tried, or determined by the Verdi61 of a Jury, or where by any < f the Provifions of the faid recited A6t or of this Ad:, the Determinations of the faid Commiffioners are direded to be final and conclufive), then and in every fuch Cafe he, lhe, or they may appeal to the General Quarter Seffions of rhe Peace which fliall be holden for the Jaid CoJnty of Derby, whhin Four Calendar Months next after the Caufe of Con plainc (hall have arifen, on giving to the faid Commiffioners and to the Paity or Parties concerned Fourteen Days Notice in Writing of fuch Appeal, and of the Matter thereof; and thejuftices (not interefted in the Premifcs) in their faid General Quarter Seffions are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every fuch Appeal, and to make fuch Order therein, and award fuch Cofts and Damages, as to them in their Diferetion fhall feem reafonabie, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Cofts and Damages which fhall be fo awarded, by Diftrefs and Sale of toe Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reafonabie Charges of fuch Warrant,

Diftrefs, and Sale; and the Determination of the faid Juft.ces fhall be final and conclufive to ail Parties concerned, and Hull not be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Pr< cels whatfoever, into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Weftminjler, or elfcwherej but in cafe fuch App -al fhall appear to the faid Juftices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then the faid Juftices fhall award fuch Cofts tube p id by the Appellant or Appellants as to them in their Diferetion lhall feem reafonabie, and to be levied in Manner aforefaid.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That nothing in Right of this A& contained Audi bar, prejudice, leffien, or defeat the Rights Milunsre-Tul s, and In erefts, which the faid William Duke of Devonjhire, o^any fcrved' of His Maj Ity’a Subjects, now have and enjoy, or fhall or may hereafter claim have and enjoy, of digging for, fearching, working, and carrying or Mines of Le?d Ore, and taking and enjoying fuch Lead Ore, in upon, and « t of all the faid Commons, Moors, and Walk Grounds within the laid Town (hips or Hamlets intended to be divided, allotted and inciokd as aforefaid; but that all and every His Majefty’s Subjeds lhalL fiom henceforth for ever hereafter have and enjoy fuch Riohts of Min .ig I or Load Ore, and ufe and exercife fuch Liberties and Privileges in refpe t thereof, in and throughout all and every Part of the Lid Open and C mn on Fields, Mefnc Inclofures, Waftes, Moors, Commons and on nclofcd I amis, intended to be divided, allotted, and inclofed as afore-[_Loc. Cl” Per.']	27	r	'	"	faic)>

24-66	4^*	GEORGII	III.	Cap.	129.

faid, in as ample and extenfive a Manner as they have hitherto of Right enjoyed and txercifed the fame, making Satisfaction lor any Damages that fhall be done thereby ; any Thing herein contained to the conn ary thereof in anywife notwithflanding.

Savng R>gnt L. Provided always, and be ir further enudted, That nothing in this theMa-5 Adi contained (hall prejudice, IcfiVn, or defeat the Right, Title, or nor*,	Interefi: of the faid William Duke of DtvonJl:irey his H irs or AfTigns,

Lord or Lo ds of the Lid Manor of Hatherfnge, or the laid AJhton AJhton Shuttlewortb, his Heirs or AITigns, Lord or Lords of the laid M«nor or reputed Manor of Upper Padley, of, in, or to the Seigniories and Royalties incident or belonging to the faid Manors, 'or either of them reflectively ; but that fuch Lord or Lords for the Time being fhall and may from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter hold and enjoy all Rents, Services, Courts, Perquifkes, and Profits of Courrs, Beds, and Quarries of Limeflone, Waifs, Eftrays, and all other Royalties, Jurifdic-tions, Pre-eminences, and Privileges whatfotver to the laid Manor incident, appendant, belonging, or appertaining (other thin and except the Right of the Soil of the faid Wafles, Moors, Commons, and uninclofcd Lands, for which a Compenfation is hereby before dircdled to be made), in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purpofes, as the fame might or could have been held and enjoyed in cale this Atl had not been made.

General	1,1.	Saving	always	to	the King’s moil Excellent Majefty, His Heirs

Rights,0^ anc^ Succeffors, and to all and every other Peifoi or Perfons, Body or Bodies Pdirick, Corporate or Collegiate, his, her, and their Hci^s, Suc-cefiors. Executors, and Adminiftrators refpedlively (other than and except the feveral Perfons, Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, co whom any Allotment or Allotments of Land or other Compilation fhall be made or provided by virtue of this Adt, in refpedl of the Intereft or Property for which fuch Allotment or Allotments, or Compenfation, fhall bemad', his, her, and their Heirs, Succeifors, Executors, Adnunillra-tors, and Affigns, and except fuch other Rights and interefls as the Intent and Purpofe of the Divifion, Allotment, and Inclofurc hereby authorized fhall abfolutely require to be barred, deflroyed, or extin-guifhed, by virtue of this Aft), all fuch Effaces, Rights, Titles, and Interefts, as they, every, or any of them had or enjoyed of, in, ro, or out of the Lands and Grounds hereby diredled to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, before the palling of this Adi, or could, might, or ought to have held or enjoyed, in cale this Adi had not been made.

Aft to be	LII. And be it further enadled. That this Adi fh.rll be printed by the

primed by Printer to the King’s inoft Excellent Majefty; and a Copy thereof fa Printer?* printed fhall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Juftices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty. 1808.

ANNO OUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*******************************************************

Cap. 130.

An A& for allotting Lands in the Paiilh of Chertfey and Manor of Chertfey Beomond, in the County of Surrey.	[	I	8til June 1808.J

WHEREAS there are within the Pari(h of Chertfey and Manor of Chertfey Beomond, in the County of Surrey, certain Open Common Arable Fields, and a certain Open Meadow called Chertfey Eajl Mead, and alfo feveral Commons and Wade Lands within d	and	belonging	to	the	fa>d	Manor,	containing	together	Two Thoufand

Acres or thereabouts: And whereas the King’s molt Excellent Majefty, in Right of His Crown, is Lord of the said Manor of Chertfey Beomond,

:	and	as	fuch	is	entitled	to	the Right of Soil of the laid Commons and

Wade Lands: And wheieas Sir Jcfepb Maubcy Baronet, is Impropriate Re£tor of the Redloty, and alfo-Patron of the Vicarage and Patifa Church ,	of	Chertfey	aforefaid,	and	as	fuch is ftifed cfand entitled unto the whole of

the Great an’d to reitain Paits of the Smail Tyihes to the laid Re&ory belonging •, and the Reverend 'Thomas Charles May Clerk, is Vicar of the Parilli Church cf Chertfey aforefaid, and as fuch is entitled to a Vicarage Houfe and to the Vicarial Tythes arifing and accruing from certain Lands and Grounds within live laid Manor: And whereas His laid Majefty, ar.cl the Right Honourable lltnry Lord Montfort, the Right Honourable Lord Petre, and the laid Sir J'feph Ma ivbey, and George Holme Sumner, Henry [Loc.	Per.2	27 U	Chawner,

2470

48* GEORG 11 III. Cap. 130.

Cbawner% and Rolen Kirkpatrick Efcott Enquires, and fever a 1 other Perfons* are Owners and Proprietors of rhe faid Open Common Arable Fields and Open Meadow Land, and of divers Mefluages, Lands, Tencmencs and Hereditaments within the faid Manor, and in refpect thereof or otherwise are entitled to Right of Common upon the faid Commons and Wafte Lands: And whereas an Ad was paffed /n the Forty-firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An Ad for confolidcting into One certain Provisions vfually infer ted in Aids of Jndofure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the fever al Pads ufually required on the faffing of fucb Ads: And whereas the Lands and Grounds ot the refpeCtivc Proprietors in the faid Open Common Arable Fields, and in the faid Open Meadow called Chertfey Eaji Mead, lie intermixed and difperfed in fmall Parcels, and the fame and alfo the faid Commons and Wafte Land* in their prelent State are incapable of much Improvement, and it would be of great Advantage to the feveral Perfons intcrefted if the faid Open Common Arable Fields were divided and inclofed, and the faid Meadow divided, and fpecific Parts thereof allotted by Metes and Bounds to the leveral Proprietors thereof, in Proportion to their refptdive Property therein j and if the faid Commons and Wafte Lands were divided and inclofed, and fpecific Parrs thereof allotted to the feveral Perfons intcrefted according to th« ir refpedive Rights therein ; and if Allotments were made in lieu of the Tythes of the faid Open Common Arable Fields and Open Meudow, Commons and Wafte Lands, in Manner hrrein-afeer mentioned : But fuch Divifion, Allotment and Inclofure cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enacted; and be it enaded by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty* by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affemb'ed, and by the Authority of the fame. That Abraham Purfhoufe Driver of Kent Road in the County Commiflion- of Surrey, John Bofwell of the Borough of Southwark, in the fame County, and Thomas Crawler of Cohbam% in the fame County, Gentlemen, and their Succtffors, to be elected in Manner herein-after directed, (hall be, and they are hereby appointed Commiflioners for dividing, allotting, and inciofing the faid Open Common Arable Fields, Open Meadow, Commons and Waite Lands, and for putting this Ad in Execution, in ihe Manner and fubjed to the Rules, Orders, and Directions herein mentioned and contained, and fubjed alfo to the Regulations of the faid recited Ad (except in fuch Cafes where the fame is hereby altered or varied ;) and that all Ads, Matters, TwoCommif- and Things, authorized or neceflary to be done and executed by the faid act]CrS ^ Commiflioners for effeding the Purpoles aforefaid, may be done and executed by any Two of them, and the lame (hall be as valid and effedual as if fuch Ads, Matters and Things, had been done and executed by all the Commiflioners herein nominated and appointed, or their Succdfors.

Appointment II. And be it further enaded. That if the faid Alraham Purfhouft rsT* Driver, or any Commiflioncr to be appointed in his Stead *s herein-aficr mentioned, (hall die, or rtfufe to ad, or become incapable of ading as a Comm fliuntr in the Execution cf this Ad, before ail the Powers and Authorities hereby tepofed in the faid Commiflioners (hall be fully executed and performed, then and in every fuch Cafe it (ball be lawful for His Majefty

or

247*

48°GEORGII III. Cap, 130.

Or His Succeflbrs, Lords of the (aid Manor for the Time being, within One Calendar Month next after fuch Death, Refufal, or Incapacity fhail be fignified to the Surveyor General of His Majefty’s Land Revenue for the Time being, by the remaining Commiflioners or either of them, to eledt and appoint a new Commiflioner (not interefted in the laid Inclofue) in the Room of the laid Abraham PurfJoeufe Driver, or fuch Commiflioner fo dying, refilling, or becoming incapable of adting* and that if the laid John Bofwell, or any Commiflioner to be appointed in his Stead . s hereinafter mentioned, Ihall die, or refufe to ad, or become incapable of adting as a Commiflioner in the Execution of this Adi, before all the Powers and Authorities hereby repofed in the faid Commiflioners fhail be fully executed and performed,-then and in every fuch Cafe it fhail be lawful for the faid Sir Jofeph Mawbey, or the Rector for the Time being of the Impropriate Redtqry of the Parilh Church of Chertfey aforefaid, within One Calendar Month next after fuch Death, Refufal, or Incapacity fhail be figmfied to him the faid Sir Jofeph Mawbey, or to his Succeflbrs Impropriate Redtors as aforefaid, by the remaining Commiflioners, or cither of them, to eledt and appoint a new Commiflioner (not interelled in the faid Inclofure) in the Room of the faid John Bofwell, or fuch Commiflioner fo dying, re-fufing, or becoming incapable of acting ; and that if the faid Thomas Crawtery or any Commiflioner to be appointed in his Stead, as hereinafter mentioned, fhail die, or refufe to adt, or become incapable of adting as a Commiflioner in the Execution of tnis Adt, before all the Powers and Authorities hereby repofed in the faid Commiflioners (hall be fully executed and performed, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhail be lawful for the major Part in Value of the Proprietors of or Perfons interefted in the faid Open Common Arable Fields, Open Meadow, Commons, and Wafte Lands, fo diredted to be divided and inclofed as aforefaid (except the Lord of the faid Manor for the Time being, and the faid Sir Jofeph Mawbey, and his Succeflbrs Rectors as aforefaid) who fhail be prefent at a Meeting to be held for that Purpofe within Two Calendar Months after fuch Death, Refufal, or Incapacity fhail be fignified to them the faid Proprietors by the remaining Commiflioners or either of them, from Time to Time to eledt and appoint a new Commiflioner (not interefted in the faid Inclofure) in the Room of the faid Thomas Crawtery or fuch Commiflioner fo dying, refufing, or becoming incapable of adting, of which laft mentioned Death, Refufal, or Incapacity, and Meeting, Ten Days Notice at leaft in Writing fhail be affixed upon the molt public outer Door of the Parilh Church of Cbertfey aforefaid, before fuch Meeting; and that every fuch Eledtion and Appointment of a new Commiflioner fhail be reduced into Writing, and figned by the Perfon or Pei Tons making fuch Eledtion and Appointment, and fhail be delivered to the remaining Commiflioners or Commiflioner; and in cafe the faid refpedtive Parties or either of them [hall make Default in appointing any fuch new Commiflioner as aforefaid, then the remaining Commiflioners or Commiflioner for the Time being fhail and rhey and he are and is hereby required from Time to Time, by Writing under tueir Hands, or his Hand, within Ten Days afeer the Expiration of the Time allowed to the faid refpedtive Parties for naming fuch new Commiflioner or Commiflioners by them refpedtively as aforefaid, to appoint one other Commiflioner (not interefted in the faid Inclofure) in the Room of fuch Commiflioner lo dying, nfufing to adt, or becoming incapacitated ; and

every



2472

Cammlflion* era Clerk.

Allowance t' Commiilion

Commifllon ers and Proprietor* Ex-pemces.

ConrniCion-crs to give Notice of Meetings.

48‘GEORGII Iir. Cap. 130.

every fuch new Commiffioner To to be appointed, (hall have th.” Iikd Powers and Authorities for putting this Aft in Execution in all rtfpcfts whatfoevcr, as the Cemmifliontr in whofe Place he (ball have been appointed was inverted with.

III.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiffioners rtiall have Power and they are hereby authorized to appoint fome fit and proper Perfon or Perfons to be their Clerk or Clerks for affifting them in carrying this and the faid recited Aft into Execution •, and fuch Clerk or Clerks from Time to Time to remove, and nominate and appoint fome other fit and proper Perfon or fit and proper Perfons to fucceed him or them in fuch Office, as to the faid Commiffioners fliall feem meet.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That there (hill be paid to each and every cf the faid Commiffioners the Sum of Three Pounds and Three Shillings for each and every Day’s actual Attendance touching the Execution of this Aft, and no more,.and that no Commiffioner fliall require or be entitled to receive any Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatfoever, except the faid Sum of Three Pounds and Three Shillings -per Day ; and that at all Meetings to be held in purfuance of this Aft, the faid Commiffioners fhall pay their own F.xpences; and that the faid Proprietors, their Attor-nies and Agents rtiall pay their own Expences, when they or any of them iliall attend the faid Commiinoners at any of their Meetings to be held in purfuance of this Aft; and that the Surveyor and Clerk appointed and to be appointed by the faid Commiffioners, fhall be paid fuch Sum or Sums of Money, per Day or otherwife, for their rtfpeftive Fains and Trouble in attending the faid Commiffioners in the Execution of this Aft, as to the faid Commiffioners fhall feem juft and reafonable: Provided always, that in cafe only one of the faid Commiffioners rtiall attend any Meeting to be held in purfuance of this Act, fo that the Bufinefs of the Inclofure cannot then be proceeded in, then and in fuch Cafe fuch Commiffioner (hall not be paid any Sum of Money for fuch his Attendance.

V.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiffioners fhall give or caufe public Notice to be given in Writing under their Hands fpecifying the Time and Place of their Firft and every fubfequent Meetings for executing this and the laid recited Aft, to be affixed on the principal Outer Door of the P.irifh Church of Chertfey aforefaid, and alio by Adver-lilement to be inferted in the Newfpaper called The County Chronicle, or in fome other Newfpaptr circulated in the faid County of Surrey, Fourteen Days at leaft before any fuch Mteting lhall be holden (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted); and it (haft be lawful for the laid Commiffioners to adjourn their Meetings from Time to Time as they rtiall fee Occafion for the Execution of this Aft ; and if only v,ne Commiffioner fhall be pre-fent at any fuch Meeting, ir fhall be lawful for fuch Commiffioner to adjourn fuch Meeting from Time to Time until Two Commiffioners fhall be prefent, and theCcmmiffiorier making fuch Adjournment is hereby required forthwith to give Notice thereof to the abfent Comm ifioners ; provided that no fuch Adjournment (hail be made for a longer Space of Time than Three Calendar Months j and all the Meerings of the faid Com-nvftioners rtiall be held at Chertfey, or at fome other Place within the Diftance of Eight Miles of the Boundary of the faid Parifh.

9	VI..	Provided



f**pet Kji» C hi

*0 5;

*® in

i Th:« Eet» quite;

i tictpt ‘ rh« at uSonefs r Auor. f thtm held ii d i3d i: or Sums rouble in is ro the rsjs, 1# Brsiie t cant dull co:

reifying mgs for prnncipai rid«-mikcr buried 5)’Ad* ffioncri Ccafion be^rc-• toad-n to! kM

ianrJIi

;:«d

‘Co®

iiJIltf

irided

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 130.	2473

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enaftcd, That all other Notices other Notice, nectffary or requifite to be made and given by the laid Coinmifliohers, ^ “n“ lhall be fo made and given by Advertifemebts in the faid Newfpaj er

called The County Chronicle, or In feme other Newfpaper circulated in the faid County of Surrey.

VII.	And be it further enabled. That in cafe any Difpute or Diffe- Commifnon* rence (hall arife between any of the Parties intereded or claiming to be £>jfpUtes. intereded in the faid Divifion, Allotment or Inclofure, touching or concerning the refpeilive Rights or Intercfts which they or any of them fhall

have or claim to have in the fame, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the laid Divifion, Allotment or Inclofure, it fhall be lawful for the faid Commillioners to examine into, hear, and determine the lame: Provided always, that nothing in this or the faid recited Ad contained, (hall authorize the faid Commillioners to determine the Title to any Mvlfuages, Cottages, Lands, or Hereditaments wharfoever.

VIII.	And be it further enabled, That in cafe the faid Commillioners fhall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims,

Objection or Objeftions, to be delivered to them in purfuance of the faid recited At\ or this Act, fee Caufe to award any Cods, it lhall be lawful for the laid Commillioners, and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpofe, to fettle, aflels, and award fuch Cods and Charges as they lhall think reafonable to be paid to the Party or Parties in whofc Favour any Determination of the faid Commillioners lhall be made, by the Perfon or Perfons whofe Claim or Claims, Obje&ion or Objections (hall be thereby difallowed or over-ruled; and in cafe the Per-f n or Perlons who lhall be liable to pay fuch Colls and Charges fhall neg-Ic&or refufe to pay the fame on Demand, then, and in fuch Cafe it (hall be lawful (or the faid Commillioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, dire&ed to any Perform or Perfons whomfoever, to caufe fuch Cods and Charges to be levied by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons fonegleding or refufing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Perfon or Perfons whofe Goods and Chattels diall haye been fo didrained and fold, after deducting the Cods and Charges attending fuch Diftrefs and Sale.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons inter- Allowing eded or claiming to be intended in the faidintended Divifion, Allotment JSrRihw* or Inclofure, fhall be diflatisfied with any Determination of the faid Com- by ani^ue at miffiontrs, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of any Right of Law* Common, or other Rights or Intereds, in, over or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and mcloled, or any

Part thereof, it (hall be lawful for the Perfon or Perlons fo diflatisfied to proceed to a J rial at Law of the Ma<ter fo determined by the faid Commil» doners, ac the then next or at the following Aflizeb to be holden for the faid C vunty ot Surrey, and for that Purpofe the Perfon or Peifons, Bodies Politic or Cor peace, who (hall be diflatisfied with the Dtterminat on fif the f "d C >miTi dinners, diall caufe an Action to be brought upon a \l$c. Ss9 Per.'}	2j X	feigned

2474	4«'GEORGII	III. Cap .1%c.

feigned Iffue againfl the Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, in vvhofe Favour fuch Determinat on fhall have been made, within Three Calendar Months next after fuch Determination of the faid Commiffioners; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Action or Adions (hall, and he, (he, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who fhall appear thereto or file Common Bail, and accept one or more Mire or Blues, whereby fuch Claim or Claims and the Right or Right9 thereby infilled upon may be tried and determined, fuch Iffue or I(Tues to be fettled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the la d Adion O! Adions (hall be commenced, in cafe the Parties (hall differ about the fame; and the Verdidor Verdids which (hall be given in fuch Action or Adions (hall be final, binding, and conclufive upon all and every Perfon ar.d Perfbhs whomfoever, Body or Bodies Corporate or Collegiate; unlefs the Court wherein fuch Action or Adions (hail be brought (hall fei afidc fuch V. raid or Verdids, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it (hall be lawful for the Court to do, as is ufual in other Cafes; and after fuch Vrrdid or Verdids (hall be obtained and not fet afide by the Courr, the laid Commiffioners (hall and they are hereby required to ad in Confi tn ty thereto, and to allow or difailow the Claim or Claims thc-eby dete mined, a cording to the Event of fuch Trial o' Trials: P o-Determim- videff always, that the Determination of the laid Comm.(Tuners, touching tion of com- fuch L him r Claims of any Right of Common or other Rights or Imercfts befoul*^* ° *n’ ovcr» or uPon the Lands and Grounds hereby direded to be divided, allotted, and mrloftd, or any Part thereof, which (hall not be objedted to, or being objrded to, the Party or Parties objeding not caufing fuch Adion at L<.w to be brought and proceeded in 3S aforefaid, fhall be final and conclufive upon all Parties : Provided alfo, that no fuch Difference, Adion, or Proceeding as aforefaid, nor any Difference, Adion, or Proceeding, touching the Title to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, (hall impede or delay the faid Commiffioners in the Execution of this Ad, but the Divifion anti Inclofurc hereby direded to be made fhall be proceeded in notwithftanding fuch Difference, Adion, or Proceeding.

Suit snot to X. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That the Death of any

abate on the of the Parties, pending any fuch Iflue under or by virtue of this Ad fhall Parties?* *n novv>fe abate the fame, but that every fuch Blue (hall be proceeded in, finally heard and determined, in fuch Manner as if no fuch Event had happened.

XL Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfons in whofe Favour any fuch Determination as aforefaid (hall have been made, and againfl: whom any fuch Adion or Adions might have been brought if living, (hall die before any luch Adion or Adions fhall have been brought, and before the Expiration of the Time herein-before limited for bringing fuch Adion or Actions, it (hall be lawful for the Per. fon or Perfons, Bwdies Politic or Corporate, who might have brought fuch Action or Actk ns againfl the Perfon or Perfons fo dying, to bring the fame within the Time fo limiced as aforefaid, againft fuch Perfon or Pertons as it actually living, and to ferve the Clerk of the faid Commiffioners with Procefs for commencing fuch Action or Actions, in the fame 8	Manner,

In Cafra of Deaths of Panies before Actions brought, the fame to be carried on and defended in their

4S* GEORGII III. Cap. 11,0.	2475

Manner a? the Party or Parties might have been ferved there™ ith if living; and it fhall therein alfo be incumbent on the He r or Heirs, or ot her Per-fon or Perfons who Oiall claim the B-nefit of luch Determination ac ifore-fai-j, to appear and defend luch Action or Actions in the Name or Names of the Per ton or Perfons lo dead, and Proceedings fhall be had therein in the fame Manner as if fuch Perfon or Perlons had been actually living; and the Rights of ail Parties (ball be equally bound and concluded by the Event of fuch Action or Actions.

XII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted. That nothing i,n this p^JnVn not Aft contained fhall extend to enable the faid Commiflioners to determine tobemoleited any Right between any Parties contrary to the PolTellion of any of fuch Par-

ties, except in Cafes of Encroachments made within the Period of Thirty Years, as herein-after mentioned j but in cafe the faid Commiflioners Hull • be of Opinion againft the Rights of the Perfon o. Perfons fo in Pofleflion, they fhall forbear to make any Determination thereupon, until the Pol-feffion fhall have been given up by or recovered from luch Perfon or Perfons by Fjtftment, or other due Cuurfc of Law.

XIII.	And be it further enafted. That the faid Commiflioners fhall Allotment and they are hereby authorized and required, in therirft Place, to fet out

and appoint one or more Piece or Pieces of Ground within the faid Manor, 0ut. c not exceeding Ten Acres, being Part of the faid Commons and Waite Lands hereby intended to be divided, allotted and inclofed, in fuch convenient Place or Places as they fhall think proper, for a public Pit or Pits to get Gravel Irorn, and other MarerLls for making and repairing the Roads and Ways already made or to be fet ou: by virtue of the faid recited Aft and chis Aft.

XIV.	And be it further enafted. That if it fhall appear to the faid Com- Power to turn miflioners that any ancient Footway or Path in, through, or over any of any FootwaJr* the ancient inclofed Grounds within the faid Manor, cr in, through, or

over any of the Common Arable Fields or Open Meadow Land aforefaid, fhall, by reafon of the intended Divifion and Inclofure, or otherwife* become or be found by them to be unneedfary to the Inhabitants of the faid Parifli of Chirtfey, or inconvenient or injurious to luch ancient inclofed Ground or Common Fields, or Meadow Land aforefaid, then and in any fuch Cals it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby authorized and required (if they fhall think proper fo to do, but not otherwife) by and with the Concurrence in Writing of any Two Juf-tices of the Peace afting in and for the faid County (fubjeft to Appeal as in the laid recited Aft is mentioned) to flop up or turn fuch ancient Footway or Path; and if it fhall appear to the laid Commiflioners that any Compenlation ought to be made by the Owner of fuch ancient inclofed Grounds for whole Accommodation any ancient Footway or Path may be flopped up or turned as aforefaid, it fhall be lawful for the faid Com-miflioners to afeertain and receive the fame, and apply it towards the general Purpoles and Expcnces of this Aft; and the faid Commiflioners are hereby direfted to fet forth in their Award, herein-after mentioned, a Defqription of fuch Footway or Path fo flopped up or turned ; and that from and after the Execution ot the faid Award, or at fuch earlier Time

2+7&	48'GEORGII	III.	Cap.	130.

as ihe faid Commiflioners (hall direct, the faid Compenfation (if any) firft duly paid, fuch Footway or Path (hall be anti is hereby declared to be difcontinued, and from thenceforth it (hill not be lawful for any Perfon or Pcrfons to make ufeof the lame or an) Part thereof, any Thing herein or in the (aid recited Act contained to the contr.iry notwiihftanding : Provided always, that no Footway leading through any ioclofed Ground (hall be turned into any other inclofed Ground, without the Confent of the Owner ■ or Owners thereof refpedively in Writing under their Hands.

iccntf1'0*1* XV. And be it further enaded, That all Inclofures and Encroachments which have been made upon or taken f*om the (aid Commons and Wade Lands (fave and except fuch as have been peaceably and quietly enjoyed for the 5pjee of T hirty Years Lftp-ft or upwards, without any Interrup-ti jn or Payment of any A knowlcdgCment, and except fuch as have already been granted by Copy of Court Roll) (hall be denied Part and Parcel of the faid Commons and Wade Lands lo to br divided, allotted and nclofed ; and in cafr any Difference or Difpute (hail atife touching any fuch Inclofures or Encroachmencs being deemed Pa:t or Parcel of the faid Commons and Wafte Lands, luch D fference or Difpute fhall be examined into and determined by the faid Commiflioners.

To be allotted	XVI. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That the faid Com-

Foffcflioi?8^" m‘^oners (hall and they are hereoy required, in all Cafes where the fame can be done without Prejudice or Inconvenience to the Occupier of the adjoining Mcffuages or Lands, to aflign and alloc all and every luch Encroachments to the Perfon or Perfons who (hall at the Time of making the faid Allotments be in the Puffelfion of luch Encroachments, or in the Receipt of the Rents and Profits thereof, as the Whole or Parc of the Share or Proportion of the faid Commons and Wafte L:nds to which fuch Perfon or Perfons will be entitled by virtue of this Ad, without confidcr-ing the Value of any Eredions thereon or Improvements made thereto; and if luch Perfon or Perfons (hall not be entitled to any Allotment under this Inclofure equal to the Value of fuch Encroachments, but (hall be willing to purchafe the fame, then the faid Commiflioners (hall (where the lame can be done without fuch Prejudice or Inconvenience as afore-faid) afeertain the Price thereof, or of fuch Part thereof as (hall exceed the Rights of fuch Pofleffo or Pofiefibis thereof in refped of any other Property as aforelaid ; in afeertaining of which £rice the faid Commiflioners Ihall nut value ;he Buildings or other Improvements thereon, but (hall value the Land only, and that at fo much Money per Acre as the fame fhall in their Eftimation be worth, having Reference to the Wafte next adjoining; and upon fuch Perfon or Perfons paying fuch Price per Acre to the laid Commiflioners at fuch Time or Place as they (hall tor that Purpofe appoint, and taking their Receipt or Receipts for the fame, every fuch Encroachment, or fuch Part thereof as (hall be fo purchafed, and alfo all Buildings and Improvements thereon, (hall thereupon become by virtue of this Ad veiled in fuch Purchafer or Purchalers, and his and their ;efpedive Heirs and Afligns, in Fee Simple, without any fur.her or other Conveyance, Affurance, Inftrument or Writing whatfoever; and the faid Commillioners (hall apply fuch Purchafe Monies as Part of the Monies to be railed as herein-after mentioned for defraying the Expenccs

ot

2477

48° GEORGII III. Cdpj 130*

of obtaining and patting this A ft, and of carrying the fame into Execution; and from and after fuch Allotment and Payment of the Confederation Money for the Purchafe of fuch Encroachments as aforefaid, all Rent Charges and other Sum or Sums of Money heretofore payable for or in refped thereof, Hull for ever thereafter eeafe, be extinguifhed, and no longer payable.

XVII.	And be it further enafled. That the faid Commillioners fhal1 Allotment for and they are hereby authorized and required to let out, allot, and award unto and for the faid Sir Jofeph Mawbey, and his Succfcflbrs Impropriate ancl Vicar Redors, and unto and for the faid Thomas Charles May, and his Succef-fors Vicars as aforefaid, according to their feveral and relpedive Rights and Intereftsfor and in lieu of and as a full Compenfation for their ref-pedive Tythes both Great and Small, and all Modufes, Cnmpofitions, and other Payments in lieu of Tythes, and all other ecclefiaftical Dues and Payments wnatfoever (except Mortuaries, Eafter Offerings, and Surplice Fees) growing, arifing, accruing, ifiiiing, or payable, in, ou: of, from, and upon the faid Open Common Arable Fields, and Open Meadow,

Commons and Wafte Lands, hereby intended to be divided and allotted or inclofed, fuch feveral Plots, Parcels, or Allotments of the fame Lands ar.d Grounds rdpedively, as fhall in the Judgement of the faid Comaiil-fioners be equal in Value to One Fifth of the laid Open Common Arable Fields, and One Ninth Part of the faid Open Meadow, Commons and Wafte Lands within the faid Manor which fhall remain after the feveral public and private Roads, the Allotments for the Repairs of Roads, and the Allotment for the Ule of poor Occupiers, to be lit out and allotted in purfuanceofthis or of thejfaid recited Aft, fhall be deduded therefrom.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded, That the faid CommifTioners fhall AJlonnents^ and may with the Content of the faid Sir Jofeph Mawbey or his Succefiors and vicar in Impropriate Redors as aforefaid, and of the faid Thomas Charles May, lieu of or his Succeflfors, Vicars, as aforefaid, and of the Owners of any ^indorSe* old Inclofure# within the Manor aforefaid, to be fignified in Writing with Confent under their refpedive Hands fet out and allot to the faid Sir Jofeph Mawbey of Pamcl* as Impropriate Redor of the Redory of Chertfey aforefaid, and his Succefiors Redors as aforefaid, and to the faid Thomas Charles May, and his Succefiors Vicars as aforefaid, fuch Plots or Parcels of the faid new Allotments or old Inclol'ures within the faid Manors, as in the Judgement of the faid Commillioners fhall be equalsin Value to One Fifth of the old inclofed Arable Lands and Grounds, and to One Eighth of the old inclofed Meadow and Pafture Lands belonging to every luch Owners thereof, and fuch Allotment or Allotments fo fet out and allotted to the faid Sir jofeph Mawbey * and his Succefiors Improprjatg Redors, and to the faid Thomas Charles May, and his SuccdTors Vicars as aforefaid, fnall be and be deemed and taken to be in full Satisfadiort and Compenfation to the faid Sir Jofeph Mawbey, and his SuccdTors Redors, and to the faid Thomas Charles May, and his SuccdTors Vicars as aforefaid, for the Great and Small Tythes anda!lotherbcelefiafticalDuesanilPiyment$whatfoever(Mortuaries,

Eafter Offerings, and Surplice Fees excepted) arifing, happening, and incrcafing, or renewing within, upon, out of, or from all fuch old In-clofures within the faid Manor lor which Allotments (hall have been made j>f. Isf. Per.]	i7T	in

2478

48° GEORGII III.

Cap. 130.

in lieu of Tythes as aforefaid ; and fuch Allotment or Allotments (hall be divided, let out, and allotted to and between the faid Sir JcfephMawbey and his SuccefTors Impropriate Rectors as aforefaid, and the faid Thomas Charles May, and his Succcflors Vicars as aforefaid, in fuch Shares and Proportions as the faid Commifiioners (hall adjudge and determine to be equal in Value to and a juft Compenfation for the leveral and refpe&ive Rights and Interefts of the faid Sir Jofeph Mawbey, and his Succcflors Impropriate Re&ors as aforefaid, and the faid Thomas Charles May, and his SuccefTors, Vicars as aforefaid, in and to the Great and Small Tythes arifing, happening, increafing, or growing due, within, upon, out of or from the faid old Inclofures of every fuch Owner fo exonerating the fame from Tythes as aforefaid.

Se LortTof0	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Comm ill) oners (hall and

the Manoi for they are hereby required, after fetting out fuch Roads and Gravel Pits KightofSoil. as aforefaid, and the Allotment herein-after given for the Ufe of poor Occupiers, and the faid Tythc Allotment, to fee out, allot, and award unto and for the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, as Lord of the Manor aforefaid, One SixteenthPartof theRemainderof theCommons and Wafte Lands lying within theManor aforefaid, inlicuof and as aRecompence for his Right as Lord of the Manor aforefaid to the Soil of the faid Commons and Wafte Lands, exclufive of the Allotments of Lands to be allotted to His faid Majefty in lieu of His Right and Intereft in the faid Commons and Wafte Lands in refpedt of the fevtral Mrfluages, Cottages, Demefne Lands, and other Lands belonging to His laid Majefty within the faid Manor.

XX.	And whereas it is intended to give and allow to fuch Poor as are real and true Occupiers of Cottages within the faid Manor of Chertfey th ui'e of the ^eomona Share and Intereft of and in the faid Commons and Wafte Lands Poor for°everC 'n rtfped of their Occupation thereof and Refidence therein only, as herein after mentioned; be it therefore further enabled, That the Lid Commif-fioners (hall and they are hereby requiredto fetout andallot fo much and fuch Part or Parts of the faid Commons and Wafte Lands hereby dire&ed to be inclofed, not exceeding Fifty Acres thereof, in one or more Piece or Parcels, as the laid Com mi (hone rs fhall think proper, which faid Piece or Parcels of the faid Commons and Wafte Land fo to be fee out and allotted (hall be and remain to and for the Ufe of the real and true Occupiers only ofCottages (landing and being within the faid Manor, the Yearly Rent of which (hall not exceed Five Pounds, and having no other Houfe and Place of Refidence; and fuch Occupiers for the Time being (hall atall Times afterwards have the foie and exi lufive Right of ufing the faid Piece or Parcels of the faid Commons and Wafte Lands fo to be let out and allotted for the Purpofe of Pafture, and of cutting Turf, Furze, and Heath for Fuel, in equal Propottions, according to the Number of the faid Houfes and Cottages without paying any Thing for fuch Ufe ; and when and fo. foon as the faid Allotment (hall be affigned and fet out, the fame (hall refpeflivdy be and become veiled in the Minifter, Churchwardens, and Overfeers of the Poor of the faid Parifhof Chertfey for the Time being, and their Succeftbis, and in all the Landholders of One hundred Pounds per Annum, to be for that Purpofe refpe&ively chofcn at Veftries to be

held

The faid Allotments veiled in Truftees for

2+79'

4S#GE0RGII III. Cap. 130.

held at Eajler, in every Year, who ora Majority of them fho.il have full Powers to make fuch Rules, Orders and Regulations as they (hall think proper, for the proper Ule, Management, dividing, levelling, and other Improvements, of or for the Stints of the Commonage thereof,, and for the Protection and Prefervation of the Ground and Soil thereof, and for the Employments and Appointments of proper Perfons to execute fuch Rules and Orders, and to overlook the Paid Lands, and to impound Cattle which (hall be found trefpafling thereon contrary to fuch Regulations, and to order Payment of all necefiary Expences thereby incurred, not exceeding in One Year the Sum of Ten Pounds, out of the Rates made for the Relief of the Poor of the laid Parifh, which Sum the Over feers of the Poor of fuch Parifh are hereby required and authorized to pay accordingly, and which (hall be allowed to them in their Accounts; and in cafe any other Perfon or Perfons not really and truly occupying a Houfe or Cottage of fuch Yearly Value and Defcriptions as herein-beforc mentioned (ball at any Time or Times turn out Sheep, or Cattle of any Son, or dig, take, or carry away the Soil on the faid Piece or Parcels of che laid Commons and Wade Lands fo to be fet out and allotted as next before-mentioned, every fuch Perfon fo offending, being thereof convi&ed before a Juftice of the Peace for the faid County of Surrey, dull forfeit 2nd pay for each fuch Offence any Sum not exceedingTwenry Shillings, to be recovered and levied by Diftrefs upon the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon fo offending, under and by virtue of a Warrant to be granted by the Judice of the Peace before whom fuch Perfon dull be convicted, and to be applied in Aid and in Part Difcharge of the Poor Rates of the faid Parifh oi Chert fey.

XXI.	And be it further enaCted, That after the feveral Dividons and ASlotmeatof Allotments herein-before directed to be made of the faid Commons and iheRefidue. Wade Lands, (hall have been affigned and fet out in the Manner herein-

beforc directed, and fuch Sale or Sales as are herein-afeer mentioned dull have been made, then the faid Cr.mmiffioners (hall divide, fet out, and allot all the Refidue and Remainder of the laid Commons and Wade Lands within the faid Manor hereby intended to be divided, allotted, or inclofed as aforefaid, unto and araongd the feveral Proprietors of and Perfons inte-reded in the Meffuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the faid Manor, in fuch Quantities, Shares, and Pioportions, and in fuch Manner as by the faid Commifiioners (hall be adjudged and determined to be ajud and fu 1 Compenlation and Satisfaction for, and equal to their feveral and refpetfrive Rights and Intereds of, in, and over the faid Commons and Wade Lands, in refpeCt of their feveral and re-fpe<d;ve Mdiiiages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements and Heredit.iments.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further enaCled, That nothing herein pOWcr«of conraincd (hall authorize or empower the laid Commiffioners to divide, the Actr.ot allot, or inclofc a certain Common or Open Pafture called Laleham J°3|eV*ncl to But way, fituate within the Lid Parifh of Chertfey, the Rights of Paf- BuA.y” ttrage or Commonage ot which is uled and claimed by the Proprietors

and Occupiers of Edates within the Manor of Laleham, in the County of Middlefex.

24-8©

Leflee* and

as have only a Righrof

Co.-mon whilft unin-cloted) to enjoy the Allotments on paying fir.h additional Rent it the

C

fiontr* Dial 1 affix.

Allotment* of the Open L'ommon Field* and Meadow.

Courfe of Hulbandry.

48s GEORGII III. Cap. 130.

XXIII.	And it further enabled. That the feveral LefTeei or Tenants who have in Lealc any Eftate or Eftates, in relped ot which any fuch Allotment or Allotments :f Wafte Land flull be made as aforefad, (except luch as have only Right of Common on the faid Commons and Wafte Lands to be allotted and inclofed as aforclaid, whi 1ft the fame fhali remain uninclofed) (h..ll during the Conti nuance of their refpedive Leafeis unlefs it is thereby otherwife provided, have, hold, and enjoy the feveral Parts and Shares of the faid Commons and Waft* Lands that dial I be allotted and fetout for and in relped of fuch Eftates andas appurtenant tothe fame, upon paying fuch additional Rent to the Lefibrs or Owners thereof, as the faid Commifli oners fhali in and by their faid Award or any other Writing fix and appoint; and in afeerraining and fixing fuch Rent, the faid Cpmmiflioners (hall take into Confideration, as well the Expence fuch Leffors or Owners may be put unto in fencing fuch Allotments, as alfo the Lofs fuch Lefifees or Tenants may fuflain by being deprived of their Com* mon Rights.

XXIV.	And be it further enaded, That the (aid Commiflloners fhali and they are hereby authorized and required to divide, fee out, andalJot the faid Open Common Arable Fields and Open Meadow, unto andamongft the feveral Proprietors thereof, equally and indifferently, lb that each and every of them may have and hold a juft, equal, and proportionate Part and Share entire, and lying together as near as Circumfiances will admit of the faid Open Common Arable Fieidsand Open Meadow, rateably and proportionably according to the Quantities, Qualities, and Situations of the Lands there, which they the faid Owners and Proprietors now refped-* ively hold and enjoy •, and the faid Com mi dinners fhali alfo mark out the feveral Allotments of the faid Fields and Meadow by proper Metes, Bounds or Landmarks, and fhali alfo dired the faid Fields and Meadows to be ftocked by the Owners thereof with Cattleof fuch Sorts, in fuch Numbers, at fuch Times, ant! for fuch Seafons of the Year, and lubjed to fuch other Regulations as to the future Enjoyment thereof, and under fuch Penalties not exceeding Ten Pounds for any one Offence, as the faid Commiflloners fhali in their Judgement think proper, and by- their Award order and dired ; but that all other Common and other Rights in and upon the laid Fields and Meadow ihali thereafter be extioguiihed.

XXV.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Commiflioners lhall, as foon after the pafling of this Ad as conveniently may be, by fomc Writing or Writings under their Hands to. be affixed on One of the principal Outer Doors of the Parifh Church of Chertfey. aforeiaid, order and dired the Courfe of Hufbandiy that fhali or ought to be uled, in, ever and upon the Lid Open Common Arable Fields intended by this Ad to be divided and allotted, until the d ime when they (hall have made and compieated the faid intended Divifion and Allotments thereof, as well with refped to the lay ing down, ploughing, rowing cf Grafs Seeds, and fallowing and tilling thereof, as to the flocking or ieedin" of the Fallows or Stubbles, and alfo to the cutting of Tuif, Heath, Furze, Thorns, or Bufhes, upon the Commons and Wafte Lands intended by this Ad to be inclofed, and by the fame or any other Writing,or Writings under their Hands to be publifhed as aforefaid, (hall and may make fuch

9	furthef

•*l

;iiua

caicii

■vffal

Mtie

S

■ k

lUCQ

(oti<

lUq,

Hull

?UJC

*

uod

fcn

dmic

and

ns of Ept& .: :-.c loads «be

chef

liict

vrs

tier

the

ail,

me

'he

'ft

iis

if.

*

48’GEORGII III. Cap. 130.	2481

further Orders and Regulations touching the Conduct of the Farmers and Occupiers ofthcLmds and Grounds fo hereby directed to be divided and allotted for preventing them from committing Watte upon any of the laid Lands and Grounds, in the mean Time and until the Diuifions and Allotments thereof fhall be effected, as to them fhalt feetn expedient ; all which Orders and Regulations of the laid Commillioners (hall be final, binding, and conclulive upon all Parties concerned; and that the faid Commillioners lhall fee and impoi'e fuch pecuniary Penalties &nd Forfeitures on every Perfon not conforming to fuch Orders and Regulations as they fhall think necefiary, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds for any one Offence ; and the faid Commillioners (hail alfo fettle and determine what additional Rent fhall be paid in refpc& of fuch Lands and the Tythes thereof refpe&ively, as lhall in the Stafon immediately preceding the palling of this Adt be found to have been cropped other-wife than in the cuftomary Way, or contrary to any fubfiltmg Agreemenr, fuch additional Rent to be paid and payable at the fame Time and in the lame Manner as the original Rent, and alfo what Portion of the Manure lhall belong to the Landlords and Tenants refpec-tirely in fuch Cafes where the Tenant is entitled by his Agreement to the Manure ariftng from the Lands in his Occupation.

XXVI.	And be it further enabled, That it lhall be lawful for the Owners and Proprietors of the faid Open Common Arable Fields and °„

Open Meadows, when and as the feveral Allotments and Divifions thereof and Mratiow, fhall be made tothcmrefpt&ively, under and by virtue of this A£t, or for ciof^wuh"' any or cither of fuch Owners and Proprietors who lhall be defirous of the Leave <>t ike fame, by and with the Confent of the faid Commillioners, fuch Content to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the faid Commiffione<6, and alfo in and by the Award of the laid CommilTioners, ro be made by virtue of this or the faid recited Ad, to inclofe and fence at his, her, or their own Expence, fuch Allotment or Allotments; and that from and after any fuch Allotment or Allotments (hall be fo inclofed and fenced as aforclaid, all and every the common Rights of the Owners and Proprietors, Owner or Proprietor, making fuch Inclofure or Fence, of and in the Refidueof the faid Open Common Arable Fields and Open Meadow, and alfo all Common and other Rights, in, over, or upon fuch Allotment or Allotments fo to be inclofed and fenced as aforefaid, fhall ceafe and be for ever after extin-guilhcd, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithflanding: Provided always, that nothing herein contained lhall authorize any Perfon or Perfons to whom any Allotment or Allotments of the faid Open Meadow fhall be made or fet out, to fence his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments, by throwing up any Mound or Embankment, or by making any Ditch or Ditches whatfoever, except in fuch Part or Parts thereof as the faid Commillioners lhall in and by their faid Award, or any Writing under their Hands direct: Provided alfo, that from and immediately after the Execution of the Award of the faid Commif-fioners, no Proprietor or Occupier of Land in the faid Meadow lhall in-clolc or fence his or their Allotment or Allotments, unlefs fpecially authorized fotodo by fuch Award, but the fame lhall for ever thereafter remain open and uninclofed.

[Lee. & Ptr.2

27 Z

XXVII. And

"I'emue of

Ettingmlh-

anentof

*Tythe6.

48* GEOR.GII III. Cap. 130.

XXVII.	And be it further enafted, Thar all fuch Lands and Grounds ns lhall by Authority and in purfuance of this Act be allotted to any of the Lid Proprietors, {hall be held by fuch Proprietors refpeftively under the fame Tenures, Rents, Cuftoms and Services, as the Lands or other Property in rtfpeft of which fuch Allotments lhall be made were refpeftively held and enjoyed by the laid Proprietors before the palling of this Adi, or would have been held and enjoyed in cafe this Aft had not been made; and the feveral Lands and Grounds which in the (aid Award ihall be diftinguilhed to have been allotted in lieu of Freehold Lands or other Property, (hall from the making and executing thereof be deerntd Freehold Lands, and lhall from thenceforth be held of the Lord of the Fee under the fame Rents and by the fame Services as the Freehold Lands or other Property in lieu of which they were allotted, •were before that Tims held; and the feveral Lands and Grounds which fhall be therein diftinguilhed to have been allotted in lieu of Copyhold Lands or other Property, lhall in like Manner be deemed Copvhold or Cuftomary Lands, and lhall be held of the Lord of the Fee thereof, under the fame Rents and by the fame Cuftoms, Duties, and Services, as the Copyhold Lands or other Property in lieu of which they were fo allotted were or ought to have been held, and lhall pals by the like Surrenders as the prefcnc Copyhold Meffuages, Cottage?, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in refpeft whereof fuch Allotments lhall be made, are now holden under or liable to ; and the Lands and Grounds which lhall be therein diftinguilhed tohave beenallotted in lieu of Leafehold Lands orother Leafehold Property, (hall be in like Manner deemed Leafehold, and lhall -be held under the lame Rents as the Lands or other Property in lieuwhereof they were fo refpeftively allotted were held; and the Reyerfiun thereof lhall be veiled in the fame Lcftb.refpeftively, as the Reverfion of fuch other Lands and Property werp veiled before the making this Aft, any Law, Cuftom, or Ulage to the contrary notwithftanding; and that all and every Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Copyhold Lands and Premises lhall be allotted as aforefaid, lhall within Twelve Calendar Months r.txc after the Execution of the Award of the faid Commiflioners, be admitted Tenant or Tenants of the fame, without paying any Fine or 01 her Charge to the Lord or Steward of thefaiu Manor (favc and except the Stamp Duties and the Copyhold Fees due to the Steward of luch Manor.)

XXVIII.	And be it further enafted, That immediately after the faid Commifhoners lhall have fet out the Allotments herein-before direfted to be made unto the faid Sir Jofepb Mawbey Reftor, and to the faid ‘Iho-rt as Charles May Vicar as afortfaid, and their SuccelTors, in lieu of and as a Compenlation for their refpeftive Rights of Tythe as aforefaid, and ihall have givm Notice thereof in Writing under their Hands, luch Notice to be affixed on one of the principal outer Doors of the la:d Parilh Church of Cbertjeyt allTythes both Great and Small, and all Modufes, Competitions, or other Payments in lieu of Tyihcs, and all other Ecclrfi-afticalDues and Payments whatfoever (except Mortuaries, Eajler Offerings, and Surplice Fees) growing, arifing, accruing, i flu tug, happening or payable in, out of, from, or upon the laid Open Common Arabic Fields, and Open Meadow, Commons and Watte Lands to be divided and

6	allotted

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 130.	2483

allotted or inclofed by virtue cf this Aft, fhcl! ceafe and be for ever extin-.gmfhed.

XXIX.	And be it further enafted, That the Lands fo to be fct out and Allotment*for aliened by virtue of this Aft in lieu of Great and Small Tythes of the laid /i^joncedat Open Common Arable Fields, Open Meadow, Commons and Wade the”Expence Lands, (ball be inclofed and fenced on the outwaid Boundaries thereof °fJ!r PropM* by the faid Commiflioners at the Expence of the Proprietors in general

(other than the Owners of the fa:d Tyrhes) in fuch Manner and in fuch Shares and Proportions, and at fuch Time or Time* as the faid Conunfl-fioners (hall by any Writing under their Hands or by their Award order or direft; and that all other Allotments fo to be made as aforefaid (hall be inclofed and fenced on the outward Boundaries thereof reiptftively, in fuch Manner and by fuch of the faid Proprietors, and at or before fuch Time or Times, and for ever aftei wards be repaired, preferved, and maintained, ae the faid Commiflioners (hall by Writing under their Hands or by their faid Award order and direft.

XXX.	And be it further enafted, That until the aforefaid D’mflon and Tythes pay-

Allotmcnt in lieu of Tythes fhail be made and finifhed in purfuance of	AI"

this Aft, the faid Sir Jofeph Mawbey% Impropriate Rcftor as aforefaid, and

the faid Thomas Charles May, Vicar as aforefaid, and their Succefibrs, (hail be entitled to and (hall receive and enjoy fuch and the fame Tythes as they could, might, or ought to have done in cale this Aft had not been made.

XXXI.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiflioners fnall commiffinn* and may fcour out and widen, or caufe to be fcoured out and widened, all «:-s;omake fuch ancient Brooks, Ditches, Drains, and Watercouifes, Tunnels and D,aw6“ Bridges within the faid Manor, and all'o (ball and may make, let out, and

Appoint fuch new Ditches, Drains, Watercourfes, 'Funnels, Gate?,

Banks, and Bridges, as well in, through, and over the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and allotted or inclofed, as alfo in, over and through any ancient Inclofures within the faid Manor, making fuch Satisfaction to the Proprietors of fuch ancient Inclofures for the Damage done thereby as they (hall think reafonable, and of fuch Depth and Breadth, and in fuch Directions as the faid Commiflioners (hall think proper; and the faid Commiflioners Ihall and may, and they arc hereby directed and required in and by their Award, to order and direft by whom and at whofc Expence and at what Time and in what Manner the faid Brooks,

Ditches, Drains, Watercourfes, Tunnels, Gates, Banks, and Bridges,

(hall be made, and afterwards cleaned, fcoured, repaired, and maintained:

Provided always, that nothing in this or the faid recited Aft contained (hall extend, or be deemed or conltrued to extend, to give the faid Commiflioners any Power or Authority to make any new Ditch, Drain, Wa-tercourfe, or Tunnel within the faid Manor, whereby or by reafon of which the Water flowing through any ancient Ditch, Drain. Watercourfe, or Tunnel, maybe in anywife impeded or diverted from its ufual and accu'-tomed Courfe or Channel to the Injury of the prefent Owner or Owners thereof.

XXXII.	And

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 130.

XXXII.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiffioners (hall and may from Time to Time as they fnall find convenient, deliver Pof-feffion to the feverai Perfons interfiled in tiieDivifion and Inclofure to be made and fetouc under this Adi* of their relpcctive Allotments, and iucli Poflrfiion when fo delivered fliall be kept and regained by the feverai Perfons entitled thereto againft all Perfons whomfoever, although the laid Award iierein-afcer dire&ed (ball not then be made and executed ; provided that no Aftion fnall be then pending or. commenced under the Provifion hereinbefore made for Trials at Law.

XXXIII.	And be it further emfti'd, That it (ball be lawful for the faid CommilTioners, and they arc hereby authorized at anv Time or Times

Common be- bc^ore *hc Lxccution of the faid Awaid, by Notke in Writing under their fore the Exe- Hands, to be affixed upon the principal Outer Door cf the Parifti Church Award0*taC of Cher I fey aforefaid, to order or di reft all or any Parc of the Righrs of Common, and all other Rights whatfoever, in, over, or upon all or any Part of the Lid Lands and Grounds hereby direfted to be divided and allotted or inclofed, to be extinguifhed, or the Exercife thereof to be fuf-pended for and during fuch Time as fhali be expreffed in fuch Writing; and that all fuch Rights of Common and other Rights as the faid Com-miffioners (hall by fuch Writing order and direft to be extinguished, or the Exercife thereof to be fufpended as aforefaid, (hall fro.n the Time of affixing fuch Writing on the faid Church Door ceafe, determine, and be for ever extinguifhed, cr the Exercife thereof be fufpended accordingly, any Law, Ufage, or Cuftom, to the contrary thereof potwithftanding; and that in cafe any PtrLn or Perfons fliall at any Time or Times after the Time of affixing luch Notice as aforefaid, cut, dig, take up., pull down, carry away, or deftroy any Tuif or Sods, Gravel, Sand* or Soil, Hedges, Banks, or Fences, from any Parc of the fame Lands and Grounds (except upon his, her, or their own fpecific Allotment or Allotments) every fuch PeTonor Perfons fliall (on Conviftion thereof before any one Juft ce of the Peace for the faid County of Surrey> by Confeffion of the Party offending, or by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Wit-Refs or Witneflcs) for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and which Penalty or Sum fuch Juftice fliall order and appoint to be levied by Diftrrfs and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of fuch Juftice •, and for want of fuch Diftrefs, the Offender or Offenders lhall, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of fuch Juftice, be committed to any Houfe of Cor-reftion within the Lid County of Surrey, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unlcls the faid Penalty fhall be fooner paid.

Not tore- XXXIV. And be it further enafted, That nothing in this Aft con-loSfaoy Wikf tained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to revoke, make void, alter, at Settlement, or annul any Will, Settlement, or other Deed, or to prejudice any Per-Ion or Perfons having any Right of Claim, Dower, Jointure, Portion, Eftate, Debts, Rents, or Incumbrances, out of, upon, or affefting any of the Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo to be divided, allotted, inclofed, or exchanged by virtue of this Aft or the faid recited Aft, cr any Part or Parts thereof refpeftively ; but that the refpeftive Per-

font

*4.84.

rMivrr 1\ fleffion of Aiiotnxem.*.,

48° GEORG 11 Iff. Cap. 130.

Tons to whom any Lands or Hereditaments fhajl be fo divided, allotted, or given in Exchange, by virtue of this Adt or the laid recited Acf, Inali be feifed thereof to fuch and the fame Utes, and for filch and the fame Effaces, and under and fubjeft to fuch and the fame Settlements, Limitations, Remainders, Jointures, Rents, Charges, and Incumbrances, and under fuch and the fame RefWiSibns, Covenants, and Agreements, as the feveral Mefluages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, whereof fuch Perfon was feifed or poffefled at or immediately before the Execution of the Award to be made by the faid CommilTioners, or for which or in lieu or in refpeft whereof fuch Divifion, Allotment:, or Exchange, fhall have been made as aforefaid, would have been fubjedf to, charged with, or affected by, in cafe this Ad had not been made'.	.	.

XXXV.	And whereas it will tend greatly to the Improvement of the faid Commons and Wafte Lands intended to be inclofed by virtue of this t0 gra,,t Ad, if any Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame fhall be allotted, who ^eanfe^ot ths fhall happen to be Tenant or Tenants for Life only of the Lands or Eftates y/nfie Laads. in refped of which fuch Allotments are to be made, were entitled to gram proper Leafes of all or any Part of fuch Commons or Wafle Lands which fhall be allotted to him, her, or them refpedivelyj be it therefore enaded. That it fhall be lawful for fuch of the faid Proprietors who arc Tenants for Life or for Years determinable on one or more Life or Lives, to grant any Leafeor Leafes to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, of the faid Commons and Wafts Lands fo to be allotted to them, or any Part or Parts thereof with the Appurtenances, fo that the Confent of the Lord of the Manor of any Copyhold Lands be firfl had and obtained by Licence or otherwife according to the Cuftom thereof, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Twenty-one Years, to be computed from the Date of the Award of the faid Commiffioners j and fo that the fame do commence in PoflefTion and not in Reverfion ; and fo that upon every fuch Leafe or Leafes there be referved and made payable, during the Continuance thereof relpeflively, the belt or mod improved Yearly Rent or Rents, or other Considerations that can be reafonably had and obtained for the fame, without taking any Sum or Sums of Money by way of Fine or Foregifr, for or in refpeef of fuch Leafe or Leafes; and fo that no Leltee or Lrfl'ces have thereby Power to commit Wade i and fo that in every fuch Leafe or Leafes there be contained a Claufe.of Re-entry on Non-payment of the Rent or Rents to be thereby referved ; and fo that fuch Rent or Rents to be thereby referved, be made payable to the Perfon or Perfons granting fuch Leafe or Leafes, and the feveral other Perfons who inSuccef-fion may be entitled to the fame Hereditaments, Lands, and Premi'es; and fo as the LefTee or Lefiees do at the fame Time execute a Courterpart or Counterparts of fuch Leafe or Leafes.

XXXVT. And be it further enabled. That all and every Leafe and Lea^s Leafes, or Agreements for a Leafe or Leafe -, for the letting or holding at be vacate!?.t0 Rack Rent of all or any Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds within the faid Manor hereby intended to be divided and allotted or inclofed, or by virtue of this or the faid recited Aft to be exchanged or divided amongft joint Proprietors as aforefrtri, (hall, immediately upon fuch Allotments,

Divifions, and Exchanges being madj, and fuch Award or Inflrument [Loc. & Per."]	aX	A	'	being

2'4-85	4-8* GEORGII III. Cap. 130.

being executed, or within fuch other Time as the faid Commifiioners ftu'll by inch their Award or Inffrumenr, or any other Writing din cl or -appoint, ceafe, determine, and be void *, but at the fame Time fo far only as may be necefiary to enable the faid Commifiioners to carry this Aft into Execution j the refpeftivc Owners and Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments fo in Leafe as afofefaid, making lucii reafonable Satisfaction to the LefiVc or Ldices, Tenant or Tenants, as the faid Commifiioners flrall direct or appoint, on account thereof or as an Equivalent for the fame: Provided always, that in cafe it (hall appear to the faid Commifiioners more equitable that the Land to be allotted in jight of any Eftatc held under or by virtue of any fuch Leafe or Leafes, Agreement or Agreements, as hereinbefore mentioned, fliould be field by the Tenant orTcnants, LefTee or Lefiees of any fuch Efface, during his, her, or their Term cr Intersil therein, then and fo often it fhall be lawful for the faid Commifiioners to afiign and allot the fame unco fuch Tenant ®r Tenants, LclTee or Leftees accordingly; and t® fix and fettle what additional Rent or Dedu&ion from Rent fhall be hereafter paid by or allowed to him, her, or them, unto or from the-Perfon or Perfons entitled to the Reversion thereof, for cr in refpedt of the Expences which fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall fuftain in the fencing or other necef-fary Improvements of the faid Lands fo to be allotted as afore-laid.

IPower to fdl XXXVII. And be it further ena&cd, That it fhall and may be Iaw-

Commou	ful for any Perfon or Perfons interefted in the faid intended Allotments or

Kigitts,	Inclofures, at any Time before the Execution of the Award of the faid

Commifiioners. to fell and difpofe of fuch Eft ace, Right, Tide, and In-tereft, which he, fhe, or they fhall have, in, to, or upon the faid Lands and Grounds htreby intended to be divided and Inclofcd, or in or to any Allotment to be made in refpedt of any Common Right or other Intereft therein refpedlively, by virtue of this Ait, and to convey the fame to the Purchafer or Purchafers feparate from the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Right whereof he, fhc, or they is, are, or fhall be fo entitled ; fubje£t neverthelefs to all Settlements, Mortgages, and Incumbrances affecting fuch Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments; and every fuch Sale being fpecified and fet forth in the faid Award, fhall be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever-, and the laid Commifiioners fhall award fuch Allotment or Allotments to the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof accordingly i and in cafe the fame fhall be purchafed by any Perfon entitled to Right of Common upon the faid Commons and Wafte Lands, the faid purchafed Premifes fhall and may be laid to and next adjoining the Allotment and Allotments of fuch Purchafer or Purchafers icfpeitively, upon Application to the Commifiioners for that Purpofe.

tt*PAaShow XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Goffs, Charges,

to be paid. and Expences of obtaining, and executing this A£t, and of all other Matters ard Things incident to or incurred relating to the faid Indo-lure, or to the Commons and Wafte Lands hereby directed to be in-clofed and allotted, fhall be paid in Proportion by the Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds hereby diredfed to be divided and allotted or inclofed,

to

48* GEORGII III.	Cap. 130.	2487

to whom any Allotments dull be made by virtue of this A£i (other than and except the laid Sir Jofeph Mawbeg% and his Supcefias Impropriate Redors, and the laid Thomas Charles May, and his Succeflors Vicars as afore laid,) or by Sale of fuch Part or Parts of the laid Commons and Watte Lands hereby dirc&ed to be divided, allotted, and inclol'ed, as the laid Commiflioners (hall in their Judgement think moft proper, and that in either of the Cafes aforefaid, the Money Hull be raifed or the Land fold (as the Cafe may be) in the Manner, and with, under, and fub-ject to the Powers, Rules, Orders, and Regulations refpe&ively mentioned and directed in and by the faid recited Ad : Provided always* that in cafe the faid Commiflioners lhall think it expedient to raife the Money nec.cf-fary to defray the faid Charges and Expences, partly by a Rate and partly by Sale of Land in Manner aforefaid, then and in fuch Cafe it .lhall and may be lawful for them fo to do, under and fubject to the Rules, Orders, and Regulations contained in the aforefaid recited Act.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted. That it (hall and may be lawful Pwer t* fell to and for the faid Commiflioners, before making the Divifion of fuch frontaSe~ Refidueas aforefaid, to fell by privare Contract unto any Perfon or Per-fons, any Parcel or Parcels of the faid Commons and Watte Lands adjoining to his or their Dwelling Houfe, provided that no Part or Parcels of Land fo to be fold by privare Contract in refpect of any Dwelling Houfe, lhall exceed in the whole Two Acres-, and the Purchafe Money of the faid Lands fo to be fold as aforefaid lhall be paid to the faid Commiflioners at fuch Time or Times as they lhall appoint ; and the Receipt or Receipts of the faid Commiflioners lhall be a fufficient Difcharge to the Purchafer or Furchafers for the fame; and immediately after luch Receipt or Receipts lhall be given to luch Purchafer or Purchafers, the Pieces or Parcels of Land fo purchafed by him, her, cr them, ihail by virtue of this A&. become vetted in him, her, or them, and his, her, or their refpe&ive Heirs and Afiigns in Fee Simple, without any further or other Conveyance, Aflurance, Inftrumenf, or Writing whatsoever; and the laid Commiflioners Cull apply the Monies to arife by fuch Sale or Sales in the defraying Part of fuch Colts, Charges and Expences as aforefaid,

XL. Provided always, and be it further enadted. That in cafe the faid Application Commiflioners (hall think ic expedient to raife the Money necefiary to Mo^nev^if defray the Charges and Expences aforefaid by Sale ot Land as herein- any) after before mentioned, and in cafe it lhall happen that any Part or Parts of Sjlc ofLanti*' the faid Commons and Watte Lands lhall be fold for more Money than will be required to defray fuch Charges and Expences as aforefaid, then and in fuch Cafe fuch Surplus Money lhall be divided and apportioned between the feveral Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, according to their feveral and relpective Interefts therein ; or otherwife fuch Surplus lhall be paid into the Bank of England, in Manner diiected by the faid recited Act, with refpect to Money thereby directed to be paid into the Bank for the Purchafe and Exchange of Lands.

XLI. And be ic further enacted. That it Ilia! 1 be lawful for the Lid Powfrfo Commiflioners to fet out, allot, and award any Lands, Tenements, clnn°c?“

24-83	4-8*	GEORGII III. Cap. 130.

Tythes, or Hereditaments whatfoever, within the faid Manor, in lieu of and in Exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, Tythes, or Hereditaments whatfoever within the faid Manor, or within any adjoining Parish, Townfhip, Hamlet, or Place; provided that all fuch Exchanges be afeertained, specified, and declared in die Award of the faid Commifiion-ers, and be made with the Conlent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of the Lands, Tenements, Tythes, or Hereditaments which fhal! be fo exchanged, whether fuch Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors fhall be a Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or by the Courtefy of England, or for Years determinable on a Lite or Lives, or with the Contenc of the Guardians, Truftecs, Feoffees for charitable or other Ufes, Hufbands, Committees, or Attor-nies of or afting for any fuch Owners or Proprietors as aforefaid, who at the Time of making fuch Exchange or Exchanges fhall be rdpe&ively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, or under any other legal Difability, or who (hall be beyond the Seas, or otherwife difabled to aft for themfeives, himfelf, or herfclf; fuch Conlent to be teftified in Writing under the common Seal of the Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other confenting Parties refpedtively \ and all and every fuch Exchange and Exchanges fo to be made fhall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, to all intents and Purpofes whatfoever: Provided never-thelefs, that no Exchange lhall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, held in Right of any Chur .h, Chapel, or other Ec» clefialtical Benefice, without the Confent teft ified as aforefaid of the Patron thereof, and of the Lord Bifhop of the Dioctfe for the Time being in which fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fo to be exchanged fhall lie and be fituate.

Fxpercer, of Exchanges and Partitions, how to be paid.

XL1I. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Cofts, Charges, and Expences attending the making and completing anv Exchanges and Partitions, fhall be paid and borne by the fever a I Prrfons making fuch Exchanges and Partitions, in fuch Manner and :n i'u< h Proportions as the faid Commiflioners fhall by their faid Award, or other leparate Deed or Inftrument, order and dirtft.

Commiflion- XLIIL And be it further e'acfted, That once at leaf! in each and every -to Say Year during the Execution of this A& (fuch Year to be computed from fore°T*l * Day of pairing thereof) the faid Commiflioners fhall and they are hereby juitices once required to make a true and juft: Statement or Account of all Sums of in every Year. JVIoney by them received and expended or due to them for their own Trouble, or Expences in the Execution of this Ad; and fuch Statement or Account when fo made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, fhall be by them laid before Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Surrey (not interefted in the Lid intended Divifion, Allotment and lnclofure) to be by them examined and balanced ; and fuch Balance fhall be by fuch Juftices dated in the Book or Books of Account to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the faid Commiflioners; and no Charges or Item in fuch Ac ount fhall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid iaLaw, unld's the fame fhall have been duly allowed by fuch Jul-ticts.

XLIV. And

4.8* GEORGII III. Cap. 130.	2489

XLIV. And be it further enafted, That any Perfon or Perfons who lhall advance and pay any Sum or Sums of Money in difcharge or the t,ey for Fees or other Exper.ces of obtaining and executing this Ait, (hall be r repaid the lame with Intereft after the Rateof Five Pounds per Centum i„tereft. per Annum, to be computed from the refpective Times of advancing and paying fuch Money, out of the Monies which (ball be firlt raifed by virtue of this Ait.

XLV. And be it further enafted. That the Award to be made by the

depolited.

{aid Commiflioners, when inrolled in Manner directed by the faid recited Aft, (ball be depofued in the Parifh Church of Chertfey afore-laid, or in fuch other Place as the faid Commiflioners lhall appoint.

XLV I. And be it further enacted. That the faid Commiflioners fhall and they are hereby required to make an Extraft on Parchment under an Extract of their Hands and Seals, of fo much ot their General Award herein-before ^h™j^harJfas directed to be made, as lhall contain an accurate Defcription of the Allot- deferibes iiis nient or Allotments fo to be made to His faid Majefty, together with fush Regulations or Proviflons relative to the faid Allotment or Allotments, or to any other Rights or Intcrefts of His Majefty, as may be contained in fuch Award, and alfo a Map or Plan of fuch Allotment or Allotments ; and cranfmit the fame to the Surveyor General of His MajeftyVs Land Revenue for the Time being within Six Calendar Months after the making and executing the faid Award, to be by him filed and kept among the Muniments of his Office.

XLVII. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons lhall think him, her, or themfelves aggrieved by any Thing done in purfuance ter Sciiions.* of this or the faid recited Aft, then and in every fuch Cafe (except where the Orders and Determinations of the faid Commiflioners are by this or the faid recited Aft direfted to be final and conclufive, and alfo where Provifion is made for Trial at Law as herein-before mentioned) be, flie, or they may appeal to any General Quarter Sefiion of the Peace which fhall be held for the County of Surrey within Six Calendar Months next after fuch Caule of Complaint lhall have arifen; and the Juftices at the fame Quarter Seffions are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter ot every fuch Complaint, and to make fuch Order therein, and award fuch Colts as they may think reafonable, and to direct the levying the Colts which final 1 be fo awarded by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods ar.d Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Owner or Owners, after deducting the reafonable Charge of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, which Determination of the laid juftices lhall be final and conclufive to all Parties concerned, and lhall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari or any other Writ orPrccefs whatfoever into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at IVeftminJisr or elfewhere.

XLVIII. Saving always to the King’s molt Excellent Majefty, His General Heirs and Succeftors, and to all and every other Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Stvins»‘ Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Succeftors, Executors, and Adminiftramrs, all fuch Eftate, Right, Title, and Intereft (other [Lie. b5 Per.]	at8 B	than

249°

Public AA,

48* GEORG 11 III. Cap. 130.

than fuch as are meant and intended to be barred and deftroyed by this Aft) as they and every of them had and enjoyed, of, in, to, or in refptft of the Lands and Grounds hereby direfted to be divided and allotted or inclofed, in cafe this Aft had not been made.

XL1X. And be it further enafted, That this Aft fhall be printed by the Printer to the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, and a Copy rhereof fo printed fhall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, juftices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty. 1808.



ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

^^**iif****^*«-i;***^-*5Sv5 ************ *#*****&^*#**$e$* *****

Cap. 131.

An A<51 for inclofing Lands in that Part of the Parifh of Saint Afaph, in the Counties of Flint and Denbigh, which is not within the Franchife of Rhudd-lan, in the faid County of Flint, [i 8th yune 18o8.]

WHEREAS there are within the Parifh of Saint Afapb, in the feve-ral Counties of Flint and Denbigh, fundry Commons and Wafle Lands, containing in the Whole, by Computation, One Thoufand Acres or thereabout, over and above that Portion thereof which lies within that Part of the faid Parifh which is fituate in the Franchise of Rhuddlan, in the faid County of Flint: And whereas the King’s mofl Excellent Majefly, in Right of His Crown, is Lord of the Manor of Denbigh and Denbigh Land, and entitled to the Soil of fo much of the faid Commons and Wafie Lands as lies within that Lordfhip, and alfo claims to be entitled to the Soil of all other the Commons and Wafie Lands intended to he in-clofed by virtue of this Ad (fave and except fuch Parts thereof as lie within the Manors of Uwcbterfyn and IJlerfyn, herein-after mentioned): And whereas Catherine Stapleton Spinfler, Watkins Williams Efquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, the very Reverend William Davies Shipley Clerk, Dean of Saint Afaph, and Barbara Tonge Spinfler, claim to be Lords and Ladies of the Manor and Franchife of Rhuddlan, and to be entitled to the Soil of fo much of the faid Commons and Wafie Lands as lies within the Town-ifyip of Cyrchynan, within the faid Manor of Rhuddlan : And whereas the [Lee tit. Peri]	28	C	Right

2494-

4&® GEORGII III. Cap.11 r.

Right Reverend the Lord Bifhop of Saint Afaph is Lord cf the Manors of Uwehterfyn and lflerfyn, and entitled to the Soil of fo much of the faid Com* mons and Wade Lands, as lies within thofe Manors refpedively : And whereas Peter Whitley, Robert Thomas, IVilliam Williams, and George Strong, Clerks, are Vicars of the Parifh of Saint Afaph aforefaid, and as fuch they, fome or one of them, are entitled to certain Glebe Lands within the fame Parifh, and in refpect thereof to Right of Common upon the Commons and Wafle Lands by this Act intended to be divided, allotted, and inclofed : And whereas the faid Lord Bifliop of Saint Afaph, and alfo the Right Honourable Other Archer, Earl of Plymouth, Sir Edward Pryce TJ'oyd, Sir John Williams, Baronets, John Lloyd, Edward Lloyd, Pierce Wynne Torke, 'Thomas Foulkes, El’quires, the faid Catherine Stapleton, Watkin Williams and Elizabeth his Wife, William Davies Shipley, Barbara Tonge, and Edward Hughes Clerk, and divers other Perfons, are Owners and Proprietors of fundry Meffuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the Parifli of Saint Afaph aforefaid, and are entitled, in refped thereof, to Right of Common, in, over, and upon all and every the Commons and Wafle Lands by this Ad direded to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, in Proportion to their feveral and refpeftive Eflates within the feveral Manors or Lordfhips and Town-fhip aforefaid : And whereas divers Perfons, Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within that Part of the faid Parifli of Saint Afaph which is fituated in the Franchife of Rhuddlan aforefaid, claim to be entitled, in refpedl thereof, to a Right of Common over and upon the Commons and Wafle Lands Ge*ier U::clo- by this Aft intended to be divided, allotted, and inclofed : And whereas an fure Aft.

Rhu-'t(:hn Franchife In-clofure Aft.

Utility of In •

Commiflicner.

4

Aft was palled in the Forty-firfl Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefly, intituled. An Apt for confol dating in One Adi certain Provifions iifually in-ferted in Ads of Inciofure. and for facilitating the Mode of proving the feveral Fads iifually required on the paffmg of fuch Ads: And whereas an Aft was palled in the Forty-feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefly, intituled, An Ad for inclofng Lands in the Parijhcs of Rhuddlan, Saint Afaph, Difcrth, and Cwm, in the County of Flint, which comprizes fo much of the Commons and Wafle Lands in that Part of the faid Parifli of Saint Afaph as lies within the Franchife of Rhuddlan aforefaid : And whereas the Commons 2nd Waite Lands herein-before firft mentioned are in their prefent State, of little Value, but if divided into fpecilic Allotments, and fuch Allotments inclofed, the fame might be very confiderably improved, whereby a manifefl Advantage would refult, not only to the feveral Perfons interefled therein, but fuch Inciofure would be of great public Utility : But fuch Di-vifion. Allotment, and Inciofure, cannot be ellablilhed and rendered effectual without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; may it therefore pleafe Your Majelty, That it may be enabled and be it enaded by the King’s moll Excellent Majefly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That all and every the Commons and Wafle Lands lying and being in the Parilh of Saint Afaph aforefaid, in the faid feveral Counties of Flint and Denbigh (fave and except fo much thereof as lies within the Franchife of Rhuddlan aforefaid, in the faid County of Flint) fhail be fet out, divided, and allotted, as foon as conveniently may be, by John Calveley, of Stapleford in the County of Chejlcr, Gentleman, who is hereby appointed Cominiflioner for fetting out, dividing, and allotting the fame, and for carrying this Ad into Execution, fubjed neverthe-kfs to the Rules, Orders, and Diredions, mentioned and contained in the

2495

48° GEORGII HI. Cap. 131.

faid fi.rH recited Ad, except in fuch Cafes where the fame are hereby varied or altered.

II.	And be it further enaded, That at a General Meeting of the Land $„ v,ycr. Owners within that Part of the Paritn of Saint Afaph aforefaid which comprizes the faid fevcral Manors or Lordffiips of Denbigh. Uwchterfyn, IJler-

jyjif and that Part of the faid Manor or Lordffiip of Rhuddlan which lies within the Town (hip of Cyrchynan aforefaid, to be held at Saint Afaph aforefaid, within the Soace of Two Calendar Months next after the palling ot this Ad, a Majority in Value of the faid Proprietors, or of their known or reputed Agents or Attornies who {hall be prefent at fuch Meeting (fuch Value to be afcertained by the Land Tax Alfeffments of the fame Pariffi)

{hall and may, and are hereby empowered, by Writing under their refpec-tive Hands, to appoint a Surveyor or Surveyors to ad in the Execution or this and the faid firft recited Ad.

III.	And be it further enaded. That if the faid John Calveky, or the For app3;nt. Surveyor or Surveyors fo to be appointed as aforefaid, or any or either of ing a new them or their refpedive Succeffors fhall die, or become incapable by Sick- a„7s\'irvcyui-nefs or otherwife of ading, or refufe to ad as Commiffioner, or Surveyor in tale of or Surveyors as aforefaid, or {kail, for the Space of One Calendar Month

wilfully negled to ad in their or his refpedive Office, before the Powers ;ai or NegU<ft vefted in them by this and the faidjirft recited Ad are completely executed, t0 at'-then and in fuch Cafe it {hall be lawful for the .major Fart in Value (fuch Value to be afcertained by the Land Tax Affeffments in and for the faid Pariffi) of the Proprietors or Perfoiis inferefted in the Lands and Grounds hereby direded to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, or their known or reputed Agents or Attornies who {hall be prefent at a public Meeting to be held for that Purpofe in purfuance of Notice in Writing figned by Two or more Proprietors, to be affixed upon the principal outer Door of the Parilh Church of Saint Afaph aforefaid at leaft Fourteen Days before fuch Meeting, to appoint by Writing under their refpedive Hands, a new Commif-fioner, and Surveyor or Surveyors, in the Room of the faid John Calvdey, and the faid Surveyor or Surveyors, or fuch of them or their refpedive Succeffors as fhall die, become incapable, refufe or negled to ad as aforefaid, and fo proceed from Time to Time as often as Occafion may require ; and every Commiffioner and Surveyor or Surveyors fo to be appointed,

{hall have the like Power and Authority, and fhall be fubjed to the fame Power of Removal and Reflridions as the Perfon or Perfons in whofe Place he or they {hall be appointed was or were vefted with and fubjed to by virtue of this Ad.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Commiffioner ffiall and he Commiin--n r is hereby required to caufe Notice to be affixed, uponfome Sunday during to «;ve n iue or immediately after Divine Service, upon the principal Outer Door of the o! S!t:;"Ss* Parilh Church of Saint Afaph aforefaid, of the Time and Place of holding

every Sitting and Attendance for the Execution of this and the faid firft recited Ad, at lead Fourteen Days before fuch Sitting or Attendance ffiall be held (Sittings or Attendances by Adjournment to the next or any other Day within One Week only excepted), and every fuch Notice ffiall exprefs the Purpofe for which fuch Sitting or Attendance is to be held ; and every Adjournment ffiall be made known to Four Proprietors at leaft before the Bufmefs of fuch Adjournment ffiall be proceeded upon ; and every Sitting

2496

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 131 •

©r Attendance, whether by Adjournment or otherwife, (hall be held at Saint Afapby and not elfewhere ; and all Claims (hall be in Writing, and delivered to the faid Commiflioner at his Firft or Second fitting or Attendance, of which Fourteen Days previous Notice (hall be given as aforefaid; and all Objections to Claims (hall alfo be in Writing, and delivered to the faid Commiflioner at his Second or Third Sitting or Attendance, of which Fourteen Days previous Notice (hall alfo be given as aforefaid ; and filch Objections (hall be determined by the faid Commiflioner at his next or Second Sitting or Attendance after fuch Objections (hall have been made, unlefsfuch Commiflioner (hall fee juft Caufe to allow further 'l ime for the Determination thereof; and the laid Firft, Second, and Third Sittings or Attendances of the faid Commiflioner, for receiving Claims and Objections as aforefaid, (hall continue from Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon until Six of the Clock in the Afternoon of each of fuch Days refpec* tively.

other Nonces V. Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That all other Notices gfven?bC neceflary or requifite to be made and given by the faid Commiflioner, in purluance of this or the faid firft recited Act, (hall be fo made and given by Advertifement to be inferted in one or both of the Chejicr Newfpapers, or if the fame (ball not be then publiflied, then in fome other Ncwfpaper or Newfpapers circulated in the faid feveral Counties of Flint and Denbigh.

Commiflioner VI. And be it further enacted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and to inquire into f0r the faid Commiflioner, and he is hereby authorized and required by mtm3.aCh' Examination of Witnefles on Oath, to be adminiltered by fuch Commif-fioner, and by fuch other legal Ways and Means as he (hall think proper, to enquire into and determine what Inclofures have heretofore been taken from and made upon the faid Commons ana Wafte Lands hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclofed ; and the Proprietors of all Inclofures which (hall be proved to the Satisfaction of the faid Commiflioner, to have been taken in and made thereon at any Time within the Memory of Man, (hall not be entitled to have Allotments from off the faid Commons and Wafte Lands, by virtue or in refpeCt of fuch Inclofures.

t'o SSST VII. And be it further enaCted, That in cafe any Difpute (hall arife jkkcs. C between any of the Parties interefted or claiming to be interefted, touching their Rights or Claims, Eftates or Interefls, in the Lands or Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclofed as aforefaid, the faid Commif-fioner is hereby authorized and empowered to hear and determine the fame : Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall authorize or empower the faid Commiflioner to determine any Difpute that (hall or may affect the Right or Title to any Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatfoever, within the faid Parifli of Saint Afapb.

rower to af- VIII. And be it further enaCted, That in cafe the faid Commiflioner (hall iety Cc s. Upon tjle hearing anj Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to him in purfuance of this or the faid firft recited Act, fee Caufe to award any Cofts, it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiflioner, and he is hereby empowered, upon Application made to him for that Purpole, to fettle, alfefs, and award fuch Cofts and Charges as he (hall think realonable to be paid to the Party or Parties in whofe Favour any Determination of the faid Commiflioner (hall be made, by the

Perfon

2497

4£“GEORGII lll.Cap.ili.

Perfon .or Perfons whofe Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, fhall be thereby difullowcd or over-ruled ; and in cale the Perfon or Perfons who (hall be liable to pay lech Colts and Charges fhall neglect or refufe to pay the fame on Demand, then and in fueh Cafe it lhall be lawful for the laid Commiffioner, and h$ is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under bis Hand directed to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever,' to caufe inch Colts and Charges to be levied by Diltrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons fo* neglecting or refufmg to pay the fame; rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Perfon or Perfons whofe Goods and Chattels lhall have been fo diltrained and fold, after deducing the Colts and Charges attending fuch Diltrefs and Sale.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That in cafe the King’s Allowing molt Excellent Majefty, His Heirs or Succelfors, or the Lords and Ladies of the faid Manor and Franchife of Rhuddlan, or the laid Lord Bilhop of atLjw.° Saint Ajhpb, or any other Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, interelted or claiming to be interefted in the laid intended Divifion and Inclofure, fhall be diffatisfied with any Determination of the Laid Commiffioner touching or concerning any Claim orClaims of theRighrto the Soil of the faid Commons and Wafte Lands hereinbefore mentioned, orefany Rights of Common, or other Rights cr Interefts, in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided,' allotted, and inclofed, or any Part thereof, it lhall be lawful for His faid Majefty, His Heirs or Succelfors, or the faid Lords and Ladies, or the faid Lord Bilhop, or the Perfon or Perfons fo diffatisfied, to proceed to a Trial at Law relative to the Matter fo determined by the faid Commiffioner, at the then next or feccnd Affixes for the County of Chejler (Notice of which lhall within One Calendar Month next after the Determination of the faid Commilfioner, be given to the faid Commiilioner, by entering the fame in a Book to be openly kept for that Put pole by the faid Commiffioner) and to that End, fuch Perfon or Perfon$ who fhall f>e»diffatisfied with the Determination or the faid Com-miffioner, lhall caufe an Action to be brought upon a feigned Iffue or Iffues, again ft the Perfon or Perfons in whofe Favour fuch Determination lhall ff .ve beeu made, within Three Calendar Months next after fuch Determination of the laid Commifiioner ; and the Defendant or Defendants in lucji ACtion or ACtions lhall, and he, ffe, or they, is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who ff all appear thereto, and accept fuch Iffue or Iffues,; whereby fueh Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled upon, may be tried and determined; and the Verdict or VerdiCts which lhall be given in fuch Action or ACtions lhall be final, binding, and conclufive upon all and every Perfon or Perfons whomfoever. Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, unlefs the Court in which fuch Action or ACtions Dial] be brought lhall fet afide fuch Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it fhall be lawful for fuch Court to do as is ufual in other Cafes ; and after fuch VerdiCt or VerdiCts lhall be obtained, and not fet afide by the Court, the faid Com-lnjffioner fliall and he is hereby required to act in Conformity thereto, and to allow or dilallow the Claim or C laims thereby determined according to the Event of fuch Trial or Trials; and the Colts of fuch ACdon or ACtions fliall abide and follow the. Event thereof, and be paid and recoverable by Execution, as other Cofts are paid and recoverable in the fame C t: Provided always, that the Determination of the faid Commiffioner Detfr-mna-- ing fuch C laim or Claims of the Right to theSoil of the faid Commons ’ >ons o* ue lloc.tf Per,]	28 D	andUm niflion-

549s

er wh'ch (hall not l>.- objected 'o, to be filial.

Perfons dying th* C 'dimif-" jeeiKng nor

In Cnfes of the Deaths of Part ies t e-tore Actions brought, the tame to be carried on and defended.

Perfons in

Pofleflion not to be molefted but by due Ccurfeof Law.

-Commifiion-

to fet our Common Pai-lurca.

4g° GEORGII nr. Cap. 13.x.

and Wafte Lands herein-befor£ mentioned,1' br other Rights or Interdfts in, over, and upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed' to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, Or any'Part thereof, which (hall not 'befobjedted to, or being obje&ed to, the Party or Parties objecting not caufing fuch Adtion at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforefaid, fhall be final and conclufive upon all Parties.

X.	And be it further enacted. That if any Perfon or Perfons, by or for whom any Claim or Claims of Right of Common fhall be made , fhall happen to die before the faid intended Divifion and Inclofure fhall be made and perfected, and before the faid Commiflioner fhall have made his Award touching the fame, then and in fuch Cafe the Powers and Authorities hereby given to the faid Commiflioner fhall not be any ways determined, fufpended, or affected by fuch Death or Deaths ; but that the faid Com-miffioner fhall and may proceed in and execute the faid Powers and Authorities and every of them, in fuch and the like Manner as he could or might have done if fuch Perfon or Perfons had not died ; and if any of the Parties in any Adtion to be brought in purfuance of this Adt fhall die pending the fame, fuch Adtion fhall not abate by reafon thereof, but fhall be proceeded in as if no fuch Event had happened.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That if any Perfon or Perfons in whofe Favour any fuch Determination as aforefaid fhall have been made, and againfl whom any fuch Adtion or Adtions might have been brought, if living, fhall die before any fuch Adtion or Actions fhall have been brought, and before the Expiration of the Time hereinbefore limited for bringing fuch Adtion or Adtions, it fhall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who might have brought fuch Action or Actions againfl the Perfon or Perfons fo dying, to bring the fame within the Time fo limited as aforefaid, againfl fuch Perfon or Perfons as if actually living, and to ferve the Clerk to the faid Commiflioner with Procefs for commencing fuch Action or Actions in the fame Manner as the Party or Parties might have been ferved therewith if living; and it fhall thereupon be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, or other Perfon or Perfons, who fhall claim the Benefit of fuch Determination as aforefaid, to appear and defend fuch Action or Actions in the Name or Names of the Perfon or Perfons fo dead, and Proceedings fhall be had therein in the fame Manner as if fuch Perfon or Perfons had been actually living ; and the Rights of all Parties fhall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of ftich Adtion or Adtions.

XII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That nothing in this Aft contained fhall extend to enable the faid Commiflioner to determine any Right between any Parties contrary to the Pofleflion of any fuch Parties (except in Cafes of Encroachments made within the Period of Twenty Years, as hereinafter mentioned); but in cafe the faid Commiflioner fhall be of Opinion againfl the Right of the Perfon or Perfons fo in Pofleflion, he fhall forbear to make any Determination thereupon until fuch Pofleflion fhall have been given up by, or recovered frem fuch Perfon or Perfons by Ejedtment, or other due Courfe of Law.

XIII.	And be;it’ further enadted, That in cafe any of the Proprietors entitled to Rights O&Common in or over the Lands and Grounds hereby

6	directed

Sfor

“Mall

‘.“Bait

•And

■witefa

tatiimi,

WC<®. •! AeHo. orimt

?of|: 6 pa. but Hall

Wbncr all hait

5tafc woU nitfe the ?f-giifiri iaj tit or Per-tHSoner Manser and it Perfon iorefaid, s of the it hut ad tilt at of

is At! le any ’arues ffeoty ■0 ilioiii £o» is bj

a-

ttf

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 131.

direded to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof, fhall requefl to have their Common Rights compenfated by a Common Paflure inflead of diftfnd Allotments of Land, and fhaU give Notice thereof to the faid Com-miffioner within fuch Time as the faid Commifiioner fhall for that Pnrpol'e appoint, and the Commifiioner fhall be of Opinion that the Number of Proprietors who have made fuch Requell fhall be fufHcient to enable the faid Commifiioner to fet out fuch an Allotment or Allotments as will anfwer the Purpofe of a Common Pafturc, then it fhall be lawful for the faid Commifiioner, and he is hereby required to fet out and allot to and for the Proprietors making fuch Requefl, from and out of fuch Part of the Commons and Wafte Lands aforefaid, molt convenient for that Purpofe, fuch Parcel or Parcels thereof as fhall in the Judgment of the faid Commifiioner be an Equivalent and Compenfation for the Rights of Common to which the Proprietors making fuch Requefl fhall be entitled to; and in cafe it fhall appear to the faid Commifiioner (without any fuch Requefl to him made) that any of the Commons or Wafle Lands w'ithin the faid Parifh of Saint Afaph, by reafon of Situation, the Smallnefs of the Quantity, or Interfedion by Roads or other Circumftances, cannot be divided and inclofed to the A dvantage of the Perfons interefled therein^ the faid Commifiioner is hereby authorized to ftt out and allot the Herbage of fuch Commons or Wafle Lands as and for Common Paflures, to fuch of the Proprietors of or Per* fons having Common Rights or other lnterefls in the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, to whom the fame fhall in the Judgement of the faid Commifiioner be mofl convenient and .valuable in Situation, in or towards Satisfadion for the Rights and lnterefls of fuch Proprietors refpedively ; and the Land lb to be allotted for Common Paflures, whether the fame fhall be allotted at the Requefl of fuch Proprietors as aforefaid, or without fuch Requefl, fhall be ufed and enjoyed by therefpec-tive Proprietors to whom the fame fhall be allotted, and by their Succef-fors and Tenants refpedively, in fuch Proportions, and fhall be flocked with fuch Kinds and Number of Cattle, and at fuch Seafons and Times of the Year, and fubjed to fuch Regulations and Orders; as the faid Com-miflioner, by the Award to be by him made, fhall eflablifh and dired, fubjed neverthelefs to the getting of Building Stones, Sand, and Gravel, and Materials lor Building, for the Ufe of the Freeholders of the faid Parifh only ; and alfo for making and repairing the Roads within the faid Parifh ; and with full Libertyoflngrefs, Egrefs and Regrefs, for the Agents or Perfons employed by the Counties of Hint or Denbigh, to enter the fame for the Purpofe of making or repairing fuch Fences as may be necefiary for repelling the Depredations made or hereafter to be made by the Rivers Clivyd and Elwy.

XIV.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Commifiioner fhall (after the Boundaries direded to be fet out and zfcertained by the faid nrfl recited Ad, fhall have been fo afcertained and fully determined, and after the letting out of the Roads, and of the feveral Allotments herein-before direded) afiign, fet out, and allot unto and lor the Ufe of the King’s mofl Excellent Majelly, His Heirs and SuccefTors, fo much and fuch Part or Parts of the faid Commons and Wafle Lands hereby direded to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, lying within theLordfhip of Denbigh aforefaid, as fhall be equal to One full Twentieth Part or Share thereof in Value refpedively, and alfo fhall afiign, fet out, and allot unto and for the Ufe of the King’s mofl Excellent Majcfly, His Heirs and SuGcefibrs, or unto and for the Ufe

of

2499

Allotment to the Kins'* moll Excellent

M jeay.

Allot ment to

the Pruiixie-

2500

Allotment to theBilh, p..f SJiit Afaph.

A'lotments o tne Reiidnt « the fewa] Prcpiietoi s.

48° GEORGII III. Cep. T31:

the faid Catherine Stapleim^y/atkln Williams and Elizabeth his Wife, Wih Ham Davies Shipley, and Barbara Tonge, their Heirs and Afligns, fuch Part or Parts of the faid Commons and Wafte Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, andinclofed, lying within the faid Townfhip of Cyrchynan, Its fhall be equal to One full Twentieth Part or Share thereof in Value re* fpe&ively as aforefaid ; and alfo fhall aflign, fet out, and allot unto and for the Ufe of the faid Lord Bifhop of Saint Afaph, and his Succefibrs, fuch Part or Parts of the Refidue of the faid Commons and Wafte Lands hereby directed to beinclofed, as fhall be equal to One full Twentieth Part or Share thereof in Value refpeflively as aforefaid, for and in lieu. Satisfaction, and Extinction of the Rights and Interefts of His faid Majefty, His Heirs and Succelfors, and of the faid Catherine Stapleton, Wat kin Williams and Elizabeth his Wife, William Davies Shipley, and Barbara Tonge, their Heirs and Afligns refpe&ively, and of the faid Lord Bifhop and his Succefibrs refpeClively, in, over, and upon the Soil of the fa:d Commons and Wafte Lands fo directed to be divided, allotted, and inclofed as aforefaid.

XV.	And be it further enaCted, That after the faid R oads, and the feve-ral other Allotments herein-before directed, /hall have been fet out as aforefaid, the faid Commiflioner fhall aflign, allot, and appoint in Severalty, the Refidue and Remainder of the faid Commons and Wafte Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, unto and amongft the faid Lord Bifhop of Saint Afaph, the faid Earl of Plymouth, Sir Edward Pryce Lloyd, Sir John Williams, John Lloyds Edward Lloyd, Pierce Wynne 7'orke, Thomas Foulkes* Catherine Stapleton, Wat kin Williams and Elizabeth his Wife, William Davies Shipley, Barbara Tonge, and Edward Hughes, and the feve-ral other Perfons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, entitled to Right of Common in and upon the faid Commons and Wafte Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclofed as aforefaid (fave and except fuch Perfon or Perfons who may claim any Allotment or Allotments in Right or by virtue of fuch Lands and Hereditaments as have been acquired by Purchafe under the Powers of an ACt, palled in the Thirty-fourth Year of His pre-fent Majefty*s Reign, intituled, An Adi for embanking and otherwife fencing from the Sea, the Lands on the Sea Coci/ls of the Parijh of Abergele, in the County of Denbigh, and Rhuddlan Marfli, in the feveral Parijhes of^ Abergele aforefaid, and of Saint Afaph and Rhuddlan, and the Franchife of Rhflddlan in the County of Flint, and fundry other Marfhes, Commons, and Wafte Lands, in the faid Parifn of Rhuddlan, and in the feveral Parijhes of Dilerth and Meliden, in the faid County <7/Flint, and to cut and make in or through thefame, or fome Part thereof, one or more Aqueducts or other Water-coui fes and Drains, and to inclofe, divide, and fell competent Parts of the faid feveral Marfhes, Commons, and Wajle Lands, to defray the Expences of the faid Works, and to raife a Fund for the future Repair and Prefervation thereof , and alfo, fave and except fuch Perfon or Perfons who may claim any Allotment or Allotments in Right or by virtue of any Inclofures or Incroach-ments which have been taken from and made upon the faid Commons and Wafte Lands at any Time within the Memory of Man as aforefaid), ratea-bly, and in due Proportion to the Value of their refpeCtive Meflliages, Tenements, Lands, and Hereditaments, in refpeCt whereof they are feverally entitled to fuch Right of Common as aforefaid, fuch Value to be afeer-tained and fixed by the faid Commiflioner; and the faid Commiflioner /kill not upon any Account, or under any Pretence, give any undue Preference

4.80 GfiORGil ill. Cap. lit.	250*

fercnce to any of the Pardee intefefted in the faid Divifion, Allotment, and Inclofure, in their or any of thejr Allotments or Shares of the faid Commons and Wade Lands, but the faid CommHIioner, in making the Divifion and Allotment ^hereof, {hall have due Regard -to the Quality, Situation, and Convenience, as well as the Quantity of the Land to be allotted ; and {hall, if or as far as the fame can conveniently be done, make all the Allotments near ro the Lands and Hereditaments they {hall belong to, within that Part of the faid Panto of Saint Afaph which is not within the Franchise of Rhtidd-lan ; and {hall alfo fet out, and allot the Share or Shares of every Perfon refpeclively, in One entire Parcel, where the fame can conveniently be done, and as near to every Perfon’s Lands and Tenements relpedtively as the fame conveniently may be.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Cbmmiflioner fhall, and Corrmvflnriet1 he is hereby required, to make an Extra ft on Parchment under his Hand e*JJJc*5V0 and Seal, offo much of his Awaid as fhall contain an accurate Defcription m-ich of his of the Allotment or Allotments to be made to His faid Majefty as aforefaid,

together with Rich Regulations or Provifions relative to fuch Allotment or Kill's Allot-. Allotmenrs, or to any other Rights or lnterefts of His Majefty, as may be contained in fuch Award, and alfo a Map or Plan of fuch Allotment or i the Allotments, and tranfmit the fame to the Surveyor General of His Majefty’s Office- of the Land Revenue for the Time being, within Three Calendar Months next Generator Hi* after the making and executing the faid Award, to be by him filed and kept M..jeitv*« among the Muniments of his Office.	La,,cl Revc~

XVII.	Provided always^and be it further enacted, That in cafe it fhall happen that the fame Perfon or Perfons is or are feifed of MeiTuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, for Life only, and of the Fee Simple and Inheritance of other Mfeffuages. Lands,’ or Hereditaments, within the feveral Manors or Lord (hips and Town f hip aforefaid, and any other Pcrfcn or Perfons having Or claiming to have Rights and Interefts in the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inejofed, and fhall be entitledor claim to be entitled to Right of Common in refpedt of both fuch Eftates, then and in fuch Cafe theCommiffioner, upon the Requeft in Writing of fuch Perfon orPerfons, or of his, her:, or their Agent or Attorney, toali fet out and allot the Share or Proportion of fuch Perfon or Perfons in refpesft of his, her, or their different Eft ate, in diftinct and fepavate Parcels from each other, fo that the Proportion of Common Land awarded in refpeft of the Meffuages, Lands, or Hereditaments held for Life, or fettled Eftate, be no way intermixed with, but kept feparate from, the Portion awarded in refpeft of the unfettled Eftate.

XVIII.	And be it further ena&ed. That all Encroachments, exclufive Fncroach-of the Cottages and other Erections thereon, taken from the faid Commons ments* and Waite Lands herein-before deferibed within the Space of Twenty

Years next before the paffing of this Act, or that have been laid open within the faid Space of Twenty Years, fhall be deemed Part and Parcel of the fame Commons and Waite Lands hereby directed to be divided and inclofed, and the fame fhall be fet cut and allotted to the Perfon or Perfons in Poffeffion thereof, if fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall be entitled to any Share or Allotment upon the faid intended Divifion and Inclofure, and fhall have been in Poffeflion of fuch Encroachment before the Firft Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and feven. and fhall requeft the fame in [Loc £9*. iVr.J	28	E	Writing

Allotments to Tenants for L ife and in Fee Simple.

3 5°-*

Gfommiflion-er may make any Altera* tions in the Alio ments before the . Execution of the Awaid.

Notice for

perilling Schedule and Map of intended Allotments to -je given*

Award to be depafitcd.

4§° GEORGII III. (Tap. 131.

Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, or under the Hand of his, her, or their Attorney or Agent, at or before the Third Sitting or Attendance of the faid Commiflioner, fo that fuch Encroachment or Encroachments, with the additional Road leading thereto from any general Road, which the laid Commiflioner is to Value as Common or Wafte Lane, without confidering the Erections and Improvements made thereon, do not exceed in Value the Allotment or Allotments to which fuch Perfon or Perfons {hall be entitled in lieu of his, her, or their Right of Common ; and if the fame {hall fo exceed fuch Allotment or Allotments, the Surplus lhall be fevered and fenced out at the Expence of the Perlon or Perfons fo having encroached, and {hall be allotted to fome other Perfon or Perfons entitled to an Allotment or Allotments ; and when it (hall happen that fuch Encroachments or Erections have been made by Perfons not entitled to any Right of Common, in fuch Cafe the faid Commiflioner {hall fet a Value on all fuch Eredions, and the fame {hall pafs with the Lands on which they fhall happen to {land, to the Perfon or Perfons to whom the faid Commiflioner fhall allot fuch Land, he, fhe, or they paying to the Perfon or Perfons at whofe Expence fuch Eredions were made, fuch Sum of Money as the faid Commiflioner {hall have valued fuch Erections at j and if fuch Perfon to whom fuch Land fhall be allotted fhall refufe to pay fuch Valuation, then the Perfon at whofe Expence fuch Eredions fhall have been made lhall have and enjoy fuch Cottages and Eredions for fuch Time, and at fuch Ground Rent or Acknowledgement, payable to the Perfon to whom the faid Land lhall be allotted, and in fuch Manner, as the laid Commiflioner {hall dired and appoint.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That it lhall be lawful for the faid Commiflioner, at any Time not exceeding Twelve Calendar Months next after the faid Allotments fhall be fet out, to make fuch Alterations in the Allotments and Fences which he may have fet out and ordered as he lhall think right and expedient ; and in cafe any Perfon or Perfons {hall happen to be injured by fuch Alterations, or on Account of any Expences he, fhe, or they may have been at, the faid Commiflioner lhall afeertain and determine what Recompence fhall be made to him, her, or them, and {hail dired by whom, and in what Manner, fuch Recompence lhall be made.

XX.	And be it further enaded. That when and as foon as the faid Commiflioner 4hall have afeertained the refpedive Shares, Rights and Jnterefts, of the faid Proprietors in the faid Commons and Wafte Lands direded to be inclofed by virtue of this Ad, and alfo the refpedive Shares and Proportions by him propofed to be allotted to fuch Proprietors ref-pedively in lieu thereof, the faid Commiflioner lhall give Notice, in Manner aforefaid, of fome convenient Time and Place when and where all Proprietors and Perfons interefted may perufe a Schedule of fuch intended Allotments, and a Map or Plan whereon the fame lhall be fet out and delineated, and may have and receive a Copy of fuch Schedule, as far as the fame relates to luch Proprietors refpedively.

XXI.	And be it further enaded. That the Award to be made by the faid Commiflioner, when inrolled in Manner direded by the faid firft recited Ad, fhall be depofited in a Tin Box, and kept in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the Courty of Flint, and a true Copy thereof fhall be

written

48’GEORGII III. Cap.i^ti	2503

written on Parchment, and lodged in the Parifh Church of Saint AJaph aforefaid among the Documents of the faid Parifh, for the Perufal of all Perfons interefted therein.

XXII.	And be it further enafted, That it {hall be lawful for any Per- Proprietors, for. or Perfons interefted in the faid Commons and Wafte Lands hereby directed to be inclofed as aforefaid, at any Time before the Execution of before the the Award of the faid Commiflioner to fell and difpofe of all fuch Eftate,

Right, and Intereft, as he, ihe, or they hath or have into or upon the fame Commons and Wafte Lands, or in or to any Allotment or Allotments to be made in refpeft thereof, by virtue of this A<ft, feparate from fuch Eftate in Right whereof he, {he, or they is, are, or fhall be fo entitled ; and in cafe of any fuch Sale, it {hall be lawful for the faid Com-millioner, and he is hereby authorized and required to allot the fame to the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof refpeftively, who {hall, immediately after the Execution of fuch Award as aforeiaid, have, hold, ule, arid enjoy fuch Allotment or Allotments, and {hall have, ufe, andexercife any Act of Ownerlhip in and upon the fame, in as full, large, ample and beneficial a Marnier, to all Intents and Furpofes, as the former Proprietor or Vendor thereof could or might have done in cafe any fuch Sale or Sales had not been made.

XXIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That nothing in this or the faid firft will* arid recited Act contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to revoke,

make void, alter, or annul any Will, Deed, or Settlement, or to preju- affected, dice any Perfon or Perfons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure,

Portion,. Debts, Rents, or Incumbrances out of, upon, or aflefting any of the Lands; Grounds, and Hereditaments to be divided and allotted* or which (hall be exchanged or afligned in Compenfation for any other Eftate or Right by virtue of this or the faid firft recited Aft, or any Part or Parts thereof refpeftively; but as well the Lands allotted, as the Tenements and other Hereditaments which fhall be afligned in Exchange or in Compenfation for any other Eftate or Right, {hall, immediately after fuch Allotment, Exchange, or Aftignment fhall be made, be vefted, remain, and enure, and the feveral Perfons to whom the fame fnall be allotted, afligned, or given in Exchange as aforefaid, fhall thenceforth ftand and be feized and poflefled thereof refpeftively, and fubjeft and liable to fuch and the fame Wills, Deeds, Settlements, Dowers, jointures, Portions, Debts,

Rents or Incumbrances, as the Ivlefluages, Tenements, Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments, in refpeft whereof fuch Allotments, Alignments, and Exchanges fhall be made, would have been fubjeft to be charged with or aftefted by in cafe this Aft had not been pafled.

XXIV.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enafted, That it -fhall Not to altef not be lawful for the faid Commiflioner to alter or change the Courfe of Wat^‘ ^ any ancient Watercourfe or Land Drain for the Purpofes aforefaid, or for cour*cs» any other Purpofe or Purpofes whatfoever, without the Confent in Writing of the Proprietor or Proprietors of fuch Lands and Hereditaments into

whofe Lands fuch Water {hall be conveyed, or who fhall or may be deprived of, or prejudiced in, the Ufe or Benefit to be derived from the Water or Drainage which might otherwife have pafled through his, her, or their Lands, if the Direftion of fuch Watercourfe or Land Drain had not been changed or altered, but that the fame fhall be and remain as the

fame

*5<*4	48"	GEORGII III. 'Cap. i3r.

lame hath heretofore ufually been ; any Thing in this Aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Pajm'M of XXV. Apd be it further enafted, That the Coftg, Charges, and Ex-

Exjience*. pences of obtaining and pafling this Aft, and of holding the Commif-fioner’s Sittings, and of furveying, meafuring, planning, dividing, and allotting the laid Commons and Wafte Lands hereby direfted to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, and of fetting out and appointing the Roads and Highways in the faid firft recited Aft mentioned, and of making, executing, and depofiting the Award and Plan of the laid Commiflioner, and making a Copy thereof, andall other incidental Charges and Expences whatfoever, which may arife or be incurred under this Aft, until the fame {hall be finally executed, {hall be feverally and refpeftively borne and defrayed from.Time to Time, as the fame {hall be incurred, by the feveral Perlons to and amongft whom the faid Commons and Wafte Lands hereby direfted to be inclofed, fhall be allotted in the faid Parifh (except the King’s Moll Excellent Majefty, His Heirs and Succeflors) by Rates or Taxes to be from Time to Time and at any Time or Times hereafter, as Occafion may require, a defied, laid, and charged by the faid Commiflioner (wherein {hall be exprefied the Purpofe to which every Rate {hall be applied) equally upon and according to the Value, as near as can be eftimated by the faid Commiflioner, of the re-fpeftive Allotments (except as aforefaid), the Proportions of which Rates upon the Perfons liable thereto fhall be paid to fuch Perfon or Perfons for fuch Purpofes, Ufes, or Services, at fuch Times not exceeding One Calendar Month next after every or any fuch Rate {hall be fo aflefled, as the faid Commiflioner, by an Order or Orders in Writing figned by him, fhall direft or appoint, which Orders refpeftively {hall be fufficient Authorities to the Perfon or Perfons receiving fuch Money ; and in cafe any Perfon or Perfons {hall refufe or negleft to pay his, her, or their Proportion of fuch Cofts, Charges, and Expences, according to fuch Order, Appointment, and Direftion as aforefaid, then and in fuch Cafe the fame {hall and may be recovered in the Manner direfted by the faid firft recited

rorhfrijfnoner XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enafted and declared, That Arrea^cf e if at the Time of the Execution of the Award of the faid Commiflioner the e aftePion	due from any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Po-

of'^Awarci! ^tic or Corporate, any Sum or Sums of Money which fhall have been ordered, direfted, or appointed to be paid by virtue of this Aft, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioner, and he is hereby authorized and required to levy and raife the fame in like Manner as he might and could have done before the Execution of his Award.

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That out of the firft Monies which fhall be raifed or borrowed under or bv virtue of this Aft, the faid Commiflioner fhall, and he is hereby required in the firft Place, to pay and defray the Charges and Expences incident to and attending the foliciting, obtaining, and pafling this Aft, together with lawful filtered for the fame from the Time fuch Monies refpeftively {hall have been aftually advanced ; and after the Payment thereof, the laid Commiflioner fhall ?jid he is hereby required to apply the Refidue of fuch Monies in Manner herein-mentioned and direfted.

For paytnglhe Exp nccs of tfcu Act.

?

XXVIII. And

4S*GE0RGII III. Cap. 131.

XXVIII.	And be it further enabled, That all Cods, Charges, and Ex-pences, attending the making of any Exchanges or Partitions to be made by virtue of the faid firft recited Aft or this Aft, fhall be paid, borne, and defrayed by the feveral Perfons making fuch Exchanges and Partitions, in fuch Manner, and in fuch Proportions, as the faid Commiffioner fhall by his faid Award order or direft.

XXIX.	And be it further enabled. That once at leaft in each and every Commiffionei* Year during the Execution of this Aft (fuch Year to be computed from the 10 ac‘'ouuf* Day of the palling thereof) the faid Commiflioner fhall and he is hereby required to make a true and juft Statement or Account of all and every

Sum and Sums of Money by him received and expended, or due to him for his own Trouble and Expences, in the Execution of this and the faid firft recited Aft ; and fuch Statement or Account, when fo made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, fhall be by him laid before any Two of His Majefty’s Jufticesofthe Peace for thg l ime being for the faid County of Flint, or the County of Denbigh (not interefted in the faid intended Divi-fion and lnclofure) to be by them examined and balanced, and fuch Balance fhall be by fuch Juftices ftated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk of the faid Commiflioner ; and no Charge or Item in fuch .Accounts fhall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unlefs the fame fhall have been duly allowed by fuch Juftices.

XXX.	And be it further enafted. That the faid Commiflioner fhall be Com miffing allowed the Sum of Two Pounds and Two Shillings for every Day that he ,ow" fhall be aftually employed in any Bufinefs required of him as Commiflioner

by the faid firft recited Aft or this Aft, including Days of necelfary travelling as well as others, in full Satisfaction for his l ime, Trouble, and Expence refpefting fuch Bufinefs.

XXXI.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall think himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved by any Thing done in pur-fuance of this or the faid firft recited Aft (except in fuch Cafes where the Orders or Determinations of the faid Commiffioner are hereby, or by the faid firft recited Aft, direfted to be final and conclufive, or w'here an Iffue

,,at Law fhall be tried, as herein-before direfted, or any other Mode of Relief is herein-before appointed) then and in every fuch Cafe he, fhe, or they, may appeal to the General Quarter Seffions of the Peace to be held • in and for the faid County of Flint, or County of Denbigh, within Four Calendar Months next after the Caufe of Complaint fhall have arifen, giving Fourteen Days previous Notice of fuch Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, in Writing, to the faid Commiffioner; and the Juftices at their faid General Quarter Seffions, not being interefted in the Matter of fuch Appeal, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the fame, and to make fuch Order therein, and award fuch Damages and Cofts, as to them in their Difcretion fhall feem meet and reafonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy fuch Damages and Cofts, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels, after dedufting the reafonable Charges of every fuch Diftrefs and Sale ; which Determination of the faid Juftices fhall be final [Z-oc S* Fer.J	28	F	and

Per for* aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Saf-

2.505

For payingthe

Expences of

Exchangesand

Partitions-

2 5°6

Savins' the Right of the Rluntdlan Mnrfli Em* bankitent Comii)iflion-

For laving His Majelty’s Right* as to Mines, Mine-

Saving to His M-ijctty H.s Rights of Jurifdictioti.

Saving M.v nuiiil Right?.

43° G E 0 R G11 III. Cap. 131.

atid conclufive to all Parties concerned, and fhall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procafs whatfoever.

XXXII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing in this Aft contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend to defeat, leffen or abridge the Powers verted in the CommilTioners appointed in and by the faid herein-before recited Aft of the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty.

XXXIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That this Aft fhall not defeat or prejudice the Right or Interert of the King’s moft Excellent Majefty in or to any Mines, Ores, Minerals, or Coals, in or under fo much of the faid Commons and Wafte Lands as lies within that Part of the Lord-fhip of Denbigh aforcfaid which is fituate in the faid Parifh of Saint Afapb, or any Part thereof, but that Mis Majefty, His Heirs and Succeflors, and his, her, or their Heirs, Lefiees, and Grantees, Agents, Servants, and Workmen, may fearch for, work, dig, raife, and carry away all Mines, Ores, Minerals, and Coals therein and therefrom, as freely and effeftually as if this Aft had not been palled, fave only that they fhall, refpeftirely, do as little Damage as poffible in the Lands to be inclofed as aforefaid, and fhall make reafonable Satisfaction and Recompence from Time to Time to the Perfon or Perfons pofiefled thereof, for all Trefpafs and Damage that fhall be done thereto, or to any Part thereof, by fearching for, working, digging, raifing, and carrying away the laid Mines, Ores, Minerals, and Coals, or any of them.

XXXIV.	Provided alfo, and be it farther enafted. That nothing herein contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend to defeat, ielfen, or prejudice the Right, Title, or Intereft of His Majefty, His Heirs or Succef-fors, or of his or their Leffee or Lefiees, Steward or Stewards, or other Officers for the Time being, of and for the faid Manor or Lordfhip of Denbigh and Denbigh Land, or of and for the County and Manor of Flint, or either of them, or any Parcel or Member thereof, of, in, or to the Seigniories and Royalties incident and belonging to the fame, but that His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeflors, and his or their Leffee or Leffees, Stew-^ ard or Stewards, or other Officers thereof for the Time being, fhall and may, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, hold and enjoy all the Rents, Services, Courts, Perquifites and Profits of Courts, Deodands, Waifs, F.ftrays, Forfeitures, and all other Royalties, Privileges, Preeminences, Manerial Jurifdiftion and Appurtenances whatfoever to the fame, or to the Stewards or other Officers thereof, incident or appendant, belonging or appertaining.

XXXV.	Provided likewife, and be it further enafted and declared. That • nothing herein contained fhall lefifen, prejudice, or defeat the Right, Title,'

or Intereft of the faid Catherine Stapleton, Walkin Williams, and Elizabeth his Wife, William Davies Shipley, and Barbara Tongc, as Lords and Ladies of the Manor or Lordfhip of Rhuddlan aforcfaid, or of the faid Lord Bifhop of Saint Afaph, as Lord of the feveral Manors or Lordflrips of Uwchterfyn and IJlerfyn aforefaid, within the Jurifdiftion or Limits of which faid feveral Manors or Lordffiips reffectively the Lands and Grounds hereby direfted to be divided, allotted, and incloled, are fituate, lying, and being, of, in, or tc the Seigniories, Rights, and Royalties incident or belonging to the 5	fame

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 131.	2507

fame Manors or Lordfhips, or to the faid Catherine Stapleton, Watkin WiU liams, and Elizabeth his Wife, William Davies Shipley, and Barbara Tonge, or to the faid Lord Bifhop in refped thereof, or to any Perfon or Perfons claiming under them or him ; but the fame Right, Title, and Interefi (other than and except the Interefi, and other Property, as is or are meant or intended to be barred by this Ad) fhall remain in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purpofes, as they the faid Catharine Stapleton, Watkin Williams and Elizabeth his Wife, William Davies Shipley, and Barbara Tonge, and the faid Lord Bifhop, might, could, or ought to have held or enjoyed the fame before the palling of this Ad, or in cafe this Ad: had never been made.

XXXVI.	Saving always to the King’s mofl Excellent Majefly, His Heirs General _ and Suceeffors, and to all and every Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Corporate aiutifer and Politic, his, her, or their Heirs, Suceeffors, Executors, and Admi- Rights, niflrators, all fuch Right, Title, Eflate, and Interefi (other than thofe meant and intended to be barred and deflroyed by this Ad) as they, every

or any of them, had and enjoyed of, in, to, or out of the Commons and Wafle Lands hereby intended to be inclofedas aforefaid, or any Part thereof* before the palling of this Ad, or could or might have had or enjoyed before the palling thereof, or in cafe this Ad had not been made.

XXXVII.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad fhall be printed by This Act may the Printer to the King’s mofl Excellent Majefly, and a Copy thereof, fo be given in printed, mall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Juflices, and Evideacc‘ others.

LONDON : Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s mofl Excellent Majefly. i8c8.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 132.

An Adi for inclofing Lands in the Manor of Horton, in the County of Stafford. [18th June 1808.]

WHEREAS there are within the Manor of Horton, in which are fituate the Parifh of Horton, and the feveral Townfhips of Endor Longsdon and Stanley, in the Parifh of Leek, and the Town-fhip of Bagnall in the Parifh of Stoke-upon-Trent, all in the County of Stafford, certain Commons and Wafte Grounds, containing in the Whole by Eftimation, One thoufand Six hundred Acres, or thereabouts: And whereas Edmund Antrobus, Efquire, is Lord of the faid Manor, and as fuch is Owner of the Soil of the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds, and of all Mines and Minerals within and under the fame, and is alfo Patron of the Perpetual Curacy of Horton : And whereas the faid Edmund Antrobus, Proprietor#, the Moft Honourable George Granville Levefon Marquis of the County of Stafford, the Right Honourable George Earl of Macclesfield, Sir Thomas Fletcher Baronet, John Sparrow9 William Sneyd, John Fowler, John Haworth,

Thomas Mills, Michael Daintry, William Debank Hand, John Daniel,

Ralph Stevenfon, and feveral other Perfons, are Proprietors of and interefted in the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds: And whereas an A&. was Aft of 4.1G.3. faffed in the Forty-firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty King recUcd* Gco*ge the Third, intituled, An Adi for confolidating in One Adi certain Pro-vifioris ufually infected in Adis (f Inclofure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the feveral Fadls ufually required on the puffing of fuch Adis: And \_Loc. iff Per.J	28	G	whereas

$»5*o

4$° G E O R G11 III. Cap. 132.

ci'i'urc °J ! l' w^ereas ^ would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the feveral Perfons who are Proprietors of and interefled in the faid Commons and Wafle Grounds if the fame were divided and inclofed, and fpecific Parts and Shares thereof affigned and allotted unto the feveral Proprietors and Perfons interefled, according and in proportion to their feveral and refpeftive Properties, Rights, and Interefls therein: but fuch Divifion, Allotment, and Inclofure cannot be effeftually made and eflablifhed without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; may it therefore pleafe Your Map-fly that it may be enabled : and be it enafted by the King’s rnoft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority

Corarritfioner. 0f the fame, That Thomas Rowley, of Overton in the County of Stafford, Gentleman, fhall be and he is hereby appointed the Commiffioner for fetting out, dividing, and allotting the faid Commons and Wafle Grounds in Manner herein-after direfted, and for carrying this Act into Execution, and alfo fuch of the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Rules, Orders, Claufes, and Provifions contained in the faid recited Act, as are not varied or altered or otherwife provided for by this Act.

For detfing a II. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if the faid Thomas

fioTer"°aUIi'*" Rowley, or any Commiffioner to be hereafter appointed in Manner herein after mentioned, fhall, before the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby and by the faid recited Act in him veiled, die or become incapable of afting as a Commiffioner in this or under the faid recited Aft, or without fome lawful Caufe negleft to attend a Meeting for putting this Aft or the faid recited Aft into Execution for the Space of One Calendar Month after he fhall have received Notice in Writing, from any Perfon interefled in the faid Inclofure, of the paffing hereof, or requiring him to attend as a Commiffioner, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall be lawful for the faid Edmund Antrobus, his Heirs and Affigns, Lord or Lords of the Did Manor, and the Perfons who refpeftively for the Time being {hall be interefled in the faid Commons and Wafle Grounds fo intended to be divided and inclofed as aforefaid, or the major Part of them in Value (to be afeertained by the Land Tax AfTeffments) who {hall attend by thein-fielves or their Agents or Attornies at a Meeting to be called by or bv the Order of One or more of the faid Proprietors for that Purpofe, at fomp convenient Place in Leek aforefaid, in purfuance of Notice to be given by Advertifement to be infer ted in the Newfpaper called The Stajfordjhire Advertifer, if then publiffied, and if not, then in fome other Newfpaper circulated in the Neighbourhood cf Leek aforefaid, and to be affixed oil one of the principal outer Doors of the refpeftive Parifh Churches of Horten, Leek, and Sioke-upon-Trent, at leafl Ten Days before fuch Meeting, by ■Writing under their Hands, or the Hands of their Agents or Attornies, to nominate, eleft, and appoint from Time to Time fome other fit and proper Perfon (not interefled in the faid Divifion and Inclofure) to be a Commiffioner in the Place of fuch Commiffioner fo dying, refufing, neg-lefting or becoming incapable to aft as aforefaid ; and fuch Commiffioner when elefted in Manner as aforefaid fhall, after taking the Oath preferibed in that Behalf, have the fame Powers and Authorities in all Rclpefts for carrying this and the faid recited Aft into Execution, as if he had been originally named and appointed a Commiffioner in and by this Aft.

III. And

48*GEORGII III. Cap. 132.	2511

TIT; And be it further enabled. That all fuch Surveys, Admeafurements ^'.rJe£'J’rs ip' and Plans as fhall be rquifite and ncceflary to be made and taken for the p Purpofes of carrying this Aft into Execution, fliall be made and taken by Matthew We/ion of Rudyerd Hall, in the Parifh of Leek aforefaid, and Charles Heaton, of Leek aforefaid, Land Surveyors, or by fuch other Fcr-fbn or Perfons as the laid Commiflioner fhall from Time to Time nominate and appoint, in cafe he or they fhall think proper to difeharge them, or either of them, or any future Surveyor.

IV.	And be it further enabled, That the faid Commiflioner fliall caufe ^ public Notice to be given upon fome Sunday before Divine Service, by Writing to be affixed upon one of the principal outer Doors of each of the

Pari!h Churches of Horton, Leek, and Stoke-upon-Trent, and alfo by Ad-vertifement to be inferted in the faid Ncwfpaper called The Staffordfiire Advert ifer, if then publiffied^md if not then in fome otherNewfpaper printed or circulated in the Neighbourhood of Leek aforefaid, of the Time and Place of the firft and every fubfequent Attendance for the Execution of this.

Act or the faid recited Aft, Ten Days at lealt before every fuch Attendance fliall be held (Attendances by Adjournment only excepted) ; and the faid Commidioner fliall attend from Time to Time as he fliall fee Oc-cafion, at fome Place within the Manor of Horton, or at fome other Place within the Diftance of Eight Miles from the Boundary of the faid Manor of Horton ; and all other Notices necefiary or requifite to be made and given by ihe faid Commiflioner in the Execution of this Aft or the faid recited Aft, (hall be made and given by Writing and Advertifement in like Manner as herein-before is mentioned,

V.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Commiflioner fliall be a!- coaSffijBer. lowed the Sum of Two Pounds twelve Shillings and Sixpence for his Trouble and Expences for each Day he fliall necelfarily attend in the Execution

of the Powers of this Aft or the faid recited Aft, and that out of fuch Allowance he fhall pay and defray his own Charges and Expences.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That it fliall not be lawful for any Per-

fon whomfoever, from and after the pafling of this Aft until the Execution out Leaw'of" of the Award of the faid Commiflioner, to cut, dig, pare, flay, get or carry the Commit-away any Turf, Clay, Soil, Stone, Gorfe or any Dung, in, upon or from the fioner' faid CoramonsandWafteGrounds, oranyPart thereof, withouttheLeaveand Licence of the faid Commiflioner firft had and obtained in Writing under his Hand, which Leave and Licence he is hereby empowered to grant under fuch Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Reftriftions, as he fliall think proper ; and if any Perfon fhall, after the pafling of this Aft, cur, dig, pare, flay, get or carry away any Turf, Clay, Soil, Stone, Gorfe or Dung, in, upon, or from fuch Commons and Wafte Grounds, or any Part thereof, without fuch Leave and Licence ofthe faid Commiflioner, or having obtained fuch Leave and Licence, fhall aft in any Manner contrary thereto, or to the Rules, Orders, P 'gulations, and Reftriftions therein contained, then and in every fuch Cafe every fuch Perfon being convifted thereof either by his or her own Confeffion, or upon Oath of one credible Witnefs before one of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Stafford, not being interefted (who may fummon the Parties concerned, and examino fuch Witnefles upon Oath relating to the faid Complaint) fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay fuch Sum of Money as the faid Juftice fhall 6	appoint,

25*2

Encroach-

E.-rcroach-ment*f ma.le

Years-

48° G E O R G11 III. Cap. 132.

appoint, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, which Penalty (hall be

recovered, paid, and applied towards the Difcharge of the Colts, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act.

VII.	Ard be it further ena&ed. That all Encroachments which fhall have been made upon or from the faid Commons and Waite Grounds without legal Interruption, or without having paid any Rent or Rents, or made any Attornment or Attornments to or for the Ufe of the Freeholders and Copyholders within thefaid Manor for Twenty Years orupwards previous to the Firlt Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and feven, and for which any Rent or Rents or Acknowledgment or Acknowledgments hath or have been paid to the faid EdnmndAntrobus, or his Predecelfors as Lords of thefaid Manor within that Period, fhall, with the Cottages and Buildings thereon, be deemed to belongto the faid Edmund Antrobus asLord ot the faid Manor; and all fuch other Encroachments as fhall have been made upon or from thefaid Commons and Waite Grounds for Twenty Years or upwards without legal Interruption, or without having paid any Rent or Rents or made any Attornment or Attornments to or for the Ufe of the faid Freeholders and Copyholders before the faid Fird Day of January, and for which no Rent or Rents or Acknowledgment or Acknowledgments hath or have been paid to the faid Edmund Antrobus, or his Predecelfors as Lords of the faid Manor within that Period, Ihall, with the Cottages and Buildings thereon, be deemed to belong to and are hereby veiled in the feveral Perfons who are the Owners and Proprietors thereof refpeflively, whether occupying by themfelves or Tenants, their feveral and refpe&ive Heirs and Afligns.

VIII.	And be it further enabled, That all Encroachments which fhall have been made upon or from the faid Commons and Waite Grounds, within Twenty Years next before the faid Firll Day of January, or for which any Rent or Rents or Acknowledgment or Acknowledgments fhall have been paid, or any Attornment or Attornments made to or for the Ufe of the Freeholders and Copyholders within the faid Manor, within fuch Period, fhall be deemed Part of fuch Commons and Wade Grounds; but all fuch lad-mentioned Encroachments, with the Cottages and Buildings thereon, ihall be allotted to the Perfon or Perfons who at the Time of palling this Aft fhall, in his, her, or their own Right, be in PoiTellion of, or in Receipt of or entitled to the Rents and Profits of fuch Encroachments, for his, her, or their Share or Proportion of thefaid Commons and Waite Grounds, by virtue of this Act, or fo far as the lame will extend in Value according to the prefent improved State ; but in cafe any fuch lad-mentioned Encroachments and Buildings Ihall in the Judgment of the faid Commiffioner be of greater Value than the Share or Proportion of the faid Commons and Wade Grounds which the Perfon or Perfons fo entitled ought to have by virtue of this Art or the faid recited Act, then and in fuch Cafe the faid Com-milTioner is hereby authorized to fell and allot fuch Encroachments or Parts of Encroachments to fuch Perfon or Perfons w'ho, if he, Ihe, or they was or were entitled to a diffident Allotment from the faid Commons and Wade Grounds, would-be entitled to have the fame allotted as aforefaid, at fuch Sum or Sums of Money as he Ihall adjudge the fame to be worth in its prefent State, and the fame Ihall be paid to the faid Commiffioner, and when received by him Diall be applied towards defraying the Cods,

■Charges,

25*S

48* GEORG 11 III. Cap. r3z.

Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this A£t; and if any fuch lad-mentioned Perfons (hall refufe or neglect to pay fuch Sum or Sums of Money as the faid Commiffioner fhali fo adjudge, at the Time fixed by him for that Purpofe, then the faid Commiffioner is hereby required to allot fuch furplus Part of fuch lad-mentioned Encroachments unto fuch other Perfon or Perfons fo entitled as he ffiali think proper, in Part or in full of his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments, as the Cafe may be, but according to the improved State: Provided always, that in cafe any fuch laft-mentioned Encroachments or any Part or Parts thereof, fliall in the Judgment of the faid Commiffioner be thought proper or more convenient to be laid to the Lands of any other Perfon entitled to an Allotment or Allotments from the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds, then and in fuch Cafe the faid Commiffioner is hereby required to allot fuch laft-mentioned Encroachments, or fuch Part thereof as he fliall think proper, according to the prefent improved State, unto fuch other Perfon or Perfons fo entitled, in Part or in full of his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments, as the Cafe may be.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enabled. That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons fliall at the Time of the paffing of this Aft be in Pofleffion of, or in his, her, or their own Right, in Receipt of or entitled to the Rents and Profits of any of fuch laft-mentioned Encroachments or Buildings, who fliall not be entitled to any Allotment from the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds under or by virtue of this Aft or the faid recited Aft, then and in any fuch Cafe the faid Commiffioner is hereby authorized to fix fuch Price on fuch Encroachments and Buildings, or fuch Part or Parts thereof that he may think proper to be fold, as he ftiall confider a full and fair Value for the fame in the prefent State ; and in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons fo in Pofleffion or entitled as aferefaid, fliall pay the Purchafe Money or Price fo fixed for the fame to the faid Commiffioner at fuch Time as he ihall appoint to receive the fame, then and in fuch Cafe every fuch Encroachments with the Buildings thereon, for -which the full Purchafe Money fliall be fo paid, fliall immediately thereupon be abfolutely difeharged of and from the Common and other Rights thereon or therein (other than fuch as are hereby referved to the faid Edmund Anlrobus as Lord of the faid Manor as aforefaid) and be veiled in Fee Simple in and thenceforth held in Severalty by fuch Purchafer or Purchafcrs thereof refpe&ively, as his, her, or their own Property, and fliall be allotted accordingly by the faid Commiffioner, and the faid Purchafe Money fliall be applied by the faid Commiffioner towards defraying the Charges and Expences of this Ad, and carrying the fame and the faid recited Ad into Execution ; and if any fuch lad-mentioned Perfon or Perfons fliall refufe or negled to pay fuch Price as the faid Commiffioner fliall fo fix at the Time appointed by him for that Purpofe, then fuch Encroachments with the Buildings thereon (if any) w hich Ihall not be fo paid for as aforefaid, fliall be allotted as Common and Wafte Grounds : Provided always, that in cafe any fuch laft-mentioned Encroachments, or any Part or Parts thereof, fliall, in the Judgment ofrhe faid Commiffioner, be thought proper or more convenient to be laid to the Lands of any Perfon entitled to an Allotment or Allotments from the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds, then and in fuch Cafe the faid Commiffioner is hereby required to allot fuch laft-mentioned Encroachments, or fuch Part thereof as he ihall think proper, according to the prefent improved State, unto fuch other Perfon or Perfons fo entitled, [Loc. Es8 Per.]	28	H	ia

Power for

Comniifltener to frl, Enas do not 1I--t.ifsre with Propi tetors, a* he Ihall think proper at a full and fair Valuation.

25*4-	4S0	GEORGII	III/	Cap.	132-.

in Part or in full of hi?, her, or their Allotment or Allotments, as the CaTe may be

s-’r-y'- s pro- X. Provided always, and be it enabled, That in cafe the Sum or Sums t/h/div/ecjS Money fo received by the fa id Commiflioner fliall be more than brtwren Pro- fufHcient for the Purpofe of defraying- the Colls, Charges, and Expences of a'c-idn'" fo'*	and executing	this	A	Cl,	then and in fuch Cafe fuch Surplus

thcii iriiercrts, Money fhall be divided and apportioned between the feveral Proprietors th^ott tWC>n an^ Perfons interefted in the Lands hereby dire61 ed to be divided and pi-m/as'0’ inclofed, in fuch Shares as fhall be in Proportion to fuch their refpeciive •dii ci-'ed hy Property, Rights and Interefts ; and the refpe6tive Shares of fuch of them Ai", 41 G 3‘ as fliall be Tenants in Fee Simple of their refpe6live Allotments fliall be paid to them refpe6lively ; and the Shares of fuch other Proprietors or Perfons of and in fuch Surplus Money fhall be applied and difpofed of in Maimer dire£led by the faid recited A 61, in cafe any Money is to be paid for the Purchafe or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the fame Ufes.

Commiffirnfr XI. And be it further enafled. That if any Queftion or Difpute fhall t.. fitt:e D.f- arjfe between any Perfon or Perfons interefted in the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds before the fetting out and allotting the fame in Manner herein-after mentioned, touching or concerning the refpeftive Rights and Interefts which they or any of them fhall have or claim to have, in, upon or over the fame Commons and Wafte Grounds, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the faid Divifion, Allotment or Inclofure, then it fhall be lawful for the laid Commiflioner to examine into, hear, and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing herein contained fliall extend or be conftrued to extend fo as to enable the faid Commiflioner to determine the Title to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatfoever.

Power to atTcis	XII. And be it further ena6led, That in cafe the faid Commiflioner fliall

Cofts.	upon	the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Obje6Hon

or Objections to be delivered to him in purfuance of this A61 or the faid recited A£t, fee Caufe to award any Cofts, it fliall be lawful for the faid Commiflioner, and he is hereby empowered upon Application made to him for that Purpofe, to fettle, aflefs, and award fuch Cofts and Charges as he fhall think realonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whofe Favour any Determination of the faid Commiflioner fliall be made, by the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, whofe Claim or Claims, Obje6tion or Objedlions fhall be thereby difallowed or over-ruled; and in cafe the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who fliall be liable to pay fuch Cofts and Charges, fliall negle6t or refufe to pay the fame on Demand, then and in any fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Commiflioner, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand, dire6led to any Perfon whomfoever, to caufe fuch Cofts and Charges to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, fo negle6ting or refuting to pay the fame, rendering the Surplus (jf any) upon Demand, to the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, whofe Goods 6	and

2515

4.8* GEORG 11 III. Cap. 132.

and Chattels fhall have been fo didrained and fold, after deducing the Cofts and Charges attending fuch Bifircfs and Sale.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in cafe any Allowing Par-Perfon or Pcrfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, inte- alghtb by an relied or claiming to be interelled in the faid intended Divifion and Allot- iiiueat Law. roents, iliall be diffatisfied with the Determination of the faid Commiffioner, touching or concerning their refpective Rights or Interefis, in, over or upon

the faid Commons and Wade Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclofed, or any Part thereof, then and in every fuch Cafe it lhall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, fo diflatis.fied, to proceed :o a Trial at Law of the Matter fo determined by the faid Commillioner, at the then next or at the following Affizes to be holden for the faid County of Stafford; and for that Purpofe the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who lhall be diffatisfied with the Determination of the faid Coinmifiicner, fhall caufe an Action to be brought or commenced on a- feigned Ilfue againll the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, in whofe Favour fuch Determination lhai! have been made, within One Calendar Month next after fuch Determination of the laid Commiffioner lhall have been made known to fuch Perfon or Performs, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and lhall proceed to Trial thereon as aforefaid ; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Adtion or Actions fhall, and he, fire or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who lhall appear thereto or file Common Bail, and accept one or more Ilfue or Ilfues whereby fuch Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on may be tried and determined, fuch Ilfue or Ilfues to be fettled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the faid A£lion or A&ions lhall be commenced, in cafe the Parties lhall differ about the fame ; and the Verdict or Verdicts which lhall be given in fuch Adtion or Actions lhall be final, binding and conclufive upon and to all and every Perfon and Perfons, Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate whatfo-ever, unlefs the Court wherein fuch Aftion or Adlions lhall be brought fhall fet afide fuch Verdict or Verdi&s, and order a new Trial or new Trials to be had thereupon, which it fhall be lawful for the Court to do, as is ufual in other Cafes ; and after fuch Verdift or Verdicts lhall be obtained and not fet afide by the Court, the faid Commiffioner lhall and he is hereby required to a£t in Conformity thereto, and to allow or difallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of fuch Trial or Trials: Provided always, that the Determination of the faid Com- Determination miffioner, touching fuch Rights or Interefis. in, over or upon the faid fioner^o'be Commons and Waite Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and final if not inclofed, or any Part thereof, which lhall not be obje&ed to, or being ob- a&?o r° °r je£ted to, the Party or Parties objecting not caufing fuch A&ion at Law to brought, he brought and proceeded in as aforefaid, lhall be final and conclufive upon ail and every Perfon and Perfons, Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate.

XIV.	And be it further enafied, That if any of the Paities in any Ac- If any Party tion to be brought in purfuance of this A£t lhall die pending the fape, fuch ProceeJ* Action lhall not abate by reafon thereof, but lhall be proceeded in as if no abate, fuch Event had happened.

2516

lo. Cafes of Deaths of J’art'es before Act! 113 brought, the fame to be can i*d on and d,fended in beir Name*.

Ferfons in Poffellioo not f**» f>c molefted

CouileoiLaw-

AHctmentsfor Watering Places and jetting btone.

Not to affect Waters run-1.in * to Har-raclcs Mill,

4.8” GEORGII III. Cap. 132.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That if any Perfon or Perfons in whole Favour any fuch Determination as aforefaid fliall have been made, and againft whom any fuch Action or AClions might have been brought if living, (hall die before any fuch Action or ACtions fliall have been brought, and before the Expiration of the Time herein-before limited for bringing fuch ACtion or Actions, it fliall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who might have brought fuch Action or Actions againft the Perion or Perfons fo dying, to bring the lame within the Time fo limited as aforefaid againft fuch Perfon or Perfons as if actually living, and to ferve the Clerk of the faid Cominiflioner with Pro* cels for commencing fuch Action or Actions in the fame Manner as the Party or Parties might have been ferved therewith if living; and it lha.ll thereupon be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, or other Perfon or Perfons who lhall claim the Benefit of fuch Determination as aforefaid, to appear and defend fuch Action or Actions in the Name or Names of the Perfon or Perfons fo dead, and Proceedings lhall be had therein in the fame Manner as if fuch Perfon or Perfons had been actually living; and the Rights cf all Parties lhall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of fuch Action or Actions.

XVI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That nothing in this ACl contained lhall extend to enable the faid Commiffioner to determine any Right between any Parties contrary to the Pofifeffion of any of fuch Parties, except in Cafes of Encroachments within the Period of Twenty Years, as herein-before mentioned; but in cafe the faid Commiffioner fliall be of Opinion againft the Right of the Perfon or Perfons fo in Pofieflion, they fliall forbear to make any Determination thereupon until the Pofifeffion fliall have been given up by or recovered from fuch Perfon or Perfons by Ejectment or other due Courfe of Law.

XVII.	And be it further enacted. That the faid Commiffioner fliall and he is hereby authorized and empowered, after he fliall have fet out and appointed the necefiary public Carriage Roads and Highways through and over the faid Commons and Waite Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclofed, to affign, fet out and allot fuch and fo many Plots and Parcels of the faid Commons and Waite Grounds as he fliall think proper and necelfary to be ufed for the Purpofe of public Watering Places for Cattle, or for digging and getting Stone, Gravel and other Materials for the making or repairing the Bridges, Highways, and Roads within the faid Manor, and for the Ufe of the Proprietors of Eftates within the fame Manor, and their Tenants for the Time being, for and in refpeCt of their Eftates within the fame j and that the Herbage growing and renewing in and upon the Lands lo to be fet out as aforefaid lhall be veiled in fuch Perfon or Perfons and applied to fuch Ufes as the faid Commiffioner fliall by his Award direCt.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it enaCted, That nothing herein contained fliall enable or empower the faid Commiffioner to do any Acl or ACls to injure, affeCt or lcflerfthe Refervoir of Water on Longfdon-Mcor or the Pools, Streams, Springs, or Watercourfes which fupply the MilJ called Harrades Mill otherwife Horton Mill, the Property of the faid Thomas Mills, with Water; or any other Pool, Stream, Spring or Watercourfe, without the Confent in Writing of the Perfon or Perfons from whofe Lands

fuch

48° GEO RGII III. Cap- 134.	2S!7

fuch Pool, Stream, Spring or Watercourfe fhail be diverted or turned, and into whofc Lands the lame (hall be conveyed.

XIX.	And whereas a MelTuage or Tenement and Building was lately Aliment for erefted upon a fmall Piece of Land, Part of the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds, called The height or Leigh Road, and which contains half an

Acre, or thereabouts, for the Purpoie of a School for the Benefit of poor Children reftdent within the faid Manor ; be it therefore enafted, That the faid Commiffioner fhail and he is hereby authorized and required to affign, fet out and allot the faid Piece of Land, with the faid' MelTuage or lene-mentand Building thereon, unto Five or more Per Ions, being Freeholders reftdent in or near Horten, and their Heirs, together witli the Curate for the Time being of the faid Curacy of Horton, as Ttuftees for the faitie j and the faid Piece of Land, MelTuage or Tenement and Building thereon, hiall be veiled in the faid Truftees and their Heirs for ever, for the like Purpofes to which the fame are at prefent applied, but under fuch Rules and Regulations as the faid Commiftioner fhail in and by the faid Award direft.

XX.	And be it further enafted, That the faidfCommiflioner, after he A'^uneMt^to fhail have fet out the faid public Roids and .Highways, and the laid Allot-: ti,e jvian0i. mentsfor public Watering Places, getting Stojie,.and for other public Ufes

as aforefaid, and the faid Allotment to the faid Truftees to the faid'School-houfe, do and fhali fet out and allot unto and for the Lord of the faid Manor of Horton, fo much and fuch Part and Parts of the then Refidue of the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds as fhail, in the Judgment of the faid Commiftioner, be equal in Value to One full Sixteenth! Part or Shard of fuch Refidue of the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds,.in full Satisfaction for his Right and Intereft in and to the Soil of the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds which j fliall be inclofcd by virtue of this Aft, and the Stone {except Lirneftone and Ironftone) Slate, Gravel, Clay and Sand with' in and under the fame.

XXI.	And be it further enafted, That fuch Part of the Fences asthd Lords A,!oN faid Commiftioner fliall direct to belong to the Allotment or Allotments to £nced a° i if? be made to the faid Edmund Anirohus, as Lord of the faid Manor of Hor* Expense of the ton as aforefaid, by virtue of this Aft, fhail be walled or ditched and planted PrcPnetors* with Ouickfet, or otherwife well and fufliciently made utider the Direftion

of the faid Commiftioner within fuch Time, and paid for out of the Monies to be railed for the Purpofes of this Aft, and in fuch Manner as the faid Commiftioner fhail direft and appoint; but fuch Walls, Hedges,, Ditches, or other Mounds and Fences when made, fliall for ever thereafter be mam-* tained by the faid Edmund Antrobus, his Heirs or Afftgns.

XXII.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiftioner fliall and Allotments he is hereby authorized and required, in the next Place, to divide, fet out

and allot ail the Refidue of the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds hereby the Propiie. intended to be divided and inclofed, unto,, between and amongft the faid tc**‘ • Edmund Antrobus (as a Proprietor) and the feveral other Proprietors and Perfons who, at the Time of making fuch Divifion and Allotment, fliall be entitled to the Right of Common thereon, or otherwife intefefted therein, in Proportion to their ftveral and reipeftive Shares, Eftates, Rights,

Properties and Interefts; and, from and after fuch Divifion and Allot-\Loe, Id Per.]	28 J	mei>t

2518	4&°GE0RGII	III.	Cap.	132,

mefit fhall be made and perfefted, it is hereby declared, that all the Soil and Stone (except Ironftone and Limeftone) Slate, Gravel, Clay and Sand, lying and being within or under the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds, fhall go and belong to the Perion or Perfons in or under whofe Allotment and Allotments the fame fhall be fituate.

Fencing other	XXIII. And be it further enafted, That the Several Allotments to be

Allotments. made by virtue of this Aft (fave and except the Allotment or Allotments to be made to the Lord of the faid Manor as fuch Lord) fhall be well and fufhciently enclofed, walled, hedged, ditched and fenced at the Expence of the refpeftive Proprietors to whom fuch Fences fhall be direfted to belong, within fuch Time and in fuch Manner as the faid Commiflioner fhall by his faid Award, or any other Writing under his Hand, direft or appoint.

Allotments in XXIV. And be it further enafted, That it fhall be lawful for the faid orUothc?Ult Commiflioner, at the Requeft and with the Confent of the Parties in-Rents.	terefted, to be fignified by Writing under their refpeftive Hands, to aflign

and fet out unto fuch Perfon or Perfons as are entitled to any Fee Farm Rents, Chief Rents, Quit Rents, or other dry and unimproveable Rents, arifing or payable from or out of any Lands, or Hereditaments belonging to any cf the Proprietors of or Perfons interefled in the faid Commons and Wade Grounds hereby intended to be inclofed, fuch Portion or Portions of the Allotment or Allotments to be made from off the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds to fuch Perfon or Perfons refpeftively who fhall be defirous of being exonerated from any fuch Rents as aforefaid, as fhall in the Judgment of the faid Commiflioner be equivalent to the Fee Simple and Inheritance of fuch Rents, and in lieu of and in full Compenfation for all the Fee Farm Rents, Chief Rents, Ouit Rents, or other dry and unimproveable Rents arifing or due or payable, or which could or might arife or become due or payable from or out of any Lands or Hereditaments belonging to any of the Proprietors of or Perfons interefled in the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds hereby intended to be inclofed, and that fuch Rents to be refpeftively compenfated for as aforefaid, and the Lands to be allotted in Heu thereof, fhall be fpecified in the Award of the faid Coin-raifiioner: Provided neverthelefs, that no Allotment or Allotments fhall be made from off the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds hereby intended to be.divided, and inclofed for or in lieu of any Fee Farm Rents, Chief Rents', Quit Rents, or other dry and unimproveable Rents held in Right of any'Church, Chapel, or other Ecclefiaftical Benefice, without the Confent (fignifted as aforefaid) of the Patron thereof, and of the Bifhop of the Diocefe in wh1 :h tiie Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments out of which fuch Rents fhall arile or be payable fhall lie and be fituate.

XXV.	Provided further, That all and every Allotment or Allotment^ which fhall be made from off the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclofed, to be fet out for and in refpeft of any Meffuages, Lands, and Hereditaments which are wholly or in Part Tythe-free or exempt from Tythes, fhall in like Manner alfo be Tythe-free or exempt from fuch Tythes; and that all and every fuch Allotment or Al. lotments to be fet out for and in refpeft of any Meffuages, Lands, and Hereditaments which are fubjeft to any Tythes, Modufes, or other Payments in lieu of Tythes, fhall, as well a? the Meffuages, Lands, or Here-i-.	*	ditaments

Allot merits in refpefct of Tyth: free Lands to be Tytlie free*

25'9

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 132.

ditaments in refpeft of which the fame (hall be fo fet out, be and remain likewife fubjed to the like Tythes, Modufes, or other Payments in lieu of Tythes.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Commiffioner (hall

^and may from Time to Time, as he (hall think proper, deliver to t he feveral ^on oi' Ai-Perfons interefted in the feveral Divifions and Allotments to be fet out loimeuts. under this Aft, Poffeffion of their refpeftive Allotments hereby directed	.	'

to be made and fet out, not with (landing the Award of the faid Commif-fioner (hall not then be made and executed : Provided always, that it (hail be lawful for the faid Commiffioner, at any Time before the executing his faid Award, to make fuch Alteration in all or any of the Allotments and Fences which he may have fet out and ordered, and aifo in every private Road or Roads made over any fuch Allotment or Allotments, as he (hall think right and expedient; and in cafe any Perfon or Perfons (hall be injured by any fuch Alterations, on account of any Expenses he, (he, or they may have incurred, then and in every fuch Gale the faid Commiffioner (hall afeertain and determine what Recompence (hall be made to him, her, or them, and (hall direct by whom and in what Manner fuch Recom-pence (hall be made, and fuch Recompence is hereby directed to be made accordingly.

XXVII.	And be it further enabled, That all and every the Allotments Allotments to to be made to the Owners or Proprietors of E(fates within the faid Manor of xtnure^as tile Horton, in Right of or in refpedt of any Freehold Meffuages, Lands, or Lands for Hereditaments, (hall, from and immediately after the Execution of the

Award of the faid Commiffioner, be and be deemed Freehold; and all ihe dif-

and every the Allotments, to be made in Right of or in refpeft of any

Copyhold Meffuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, by virtue of this Aft, (hall, beafeertafned.

from and after the Execution of the faid Award, be and be deemed Copy-

hold, and (hall be held as fuch by Copy of Court Roll, at the Will of the

Lord of the faid Manor, according to the Cuftom of fuch Manor, and

under and fubjeft to the fame Tenures, Rents, Payments, Fines, Heriots,

Cuftoms, and Services, as the Copyhold Meffuages, Lands, or Hereditaments rcfpe&ively, for or in refpeci whereof fuch Allotments (hall be made, are now held ; and the faid Commiffioner (hall and he is hereby authorized to afeertain, delineate, and diltinguifh, in his Survey, Map, and Award, all fuch Copyhold Allotments, with their refpeftive Boundaries and Abuttals from the Freehold Allotments; and all and every Perfon and Perfons to whom any fucL Copyhold Allotment or Allotments (hall be made, (hail, within Twelve Calendar Months next after the Execution of the Award of the faid Commiffioner, be refpeftively admitted Copyhold Tenants to the Lands fo allotted to them ; and on each of fuch Admulions the nominal Fine of One Shilling only (hall be paid, together with the adcuftomed Charges and Fees to the Steward, Juries, and Bailiffs of the Court, of the faid Manor, but fuch nominal Fine (hall not hereafter be cited as a Precedent on any future Occafion of Fines to be taken in refpeft of fuch Allotments, or entered in the Court Rolls of the faid Manor; and if any Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Allotment or Allotments (hall be made,

(hall, within the Time above limited, refufe or negledt to be admitted a Copyhold Tenant or Copyhold Tenants thereof refpectively as before mentioned, then and in every fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful for the Lord of the faid Manor for the Time being to enter upon the Allotr ^nt or a	Allotments

a$2o

No Sheep to be kept in Al lot men ts for 7 Years with ©ut guarding Quicks.

Not to prejudice any Will Settlement, K

48° GEORGII III. Cap. r32.

Allotments belonging to the Perfon or Perfons To refuting or negle&ingtt) be admitted Tenant thereof as aforefaid, as and for a Forfeiture, and to hold the fame as in cafe of other forfeited Eftates within the faid Manor.

XXVIII.	And be it further enabled, That no Sheep or Lambs fhall be depaftured or kept in any of the Allotments to be made by virtue of this Aft, where Quick Fences fhall be planted, during the Space of Seven Years next after the Execution of the faid Award, uniefs the l’erfon or Perfons fo keeping the fame fliall firft, at his, her, or their own Expence, make and maintain a Fence fufficient to guard the young Quick Fences round fuch Allotments from being cropped, hurt or damaged by fuch Sheep or Lambs, whether fuch Quick Fences be planted or let by or belong to the Owner or Occupier or Owners or Occupiers of fuch Allotment or Allotments as aforefaid, or the Owner or Occupier or Owners or Occupiers of the Allotment or Allotments adjoining thereto; and if the Perfons refpeftively fo depafturing or keeping or turning fuch Sheep or Lambs into any of the faid Allotments fhall not have firft well and fuf-ficiently guarded all fuch Quick Fences as aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe every fuch Perfon fo offending fliall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, and fuch Penalty fhall be levied and recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Stafford, which Warrant fuch Juftice is hereby empowered t6 grant upon the Ccnfeffion of the Party, or upon the Evidence of an'v credible Witnefs upon Oath (which Oath fuch Juftice is hereby empowered to adminifter); and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arifing hv fuch Diftrefs and Sale fhall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of fuch Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Cofts and Charges of making, keeping, and felling the Diftrefs; and fuch Penalty when recovered fhall be paid to the Perfon whofe Quicks fhall or may be damaged for want of fuch guarding as aforefaid.

XXIX.	Provided always, and be it further enaftod, That nothing in ■ this Aft contained fliall extend or be conftrued to extend to revoke, make

void, alter, or annul any Will, Settlement, or other freed, or to prejudice any Perfon or Perfons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Eftates, Debts, Rents, or Incumbrances, out of, upon or affeft-ing any of the Lands and Hereditaments to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, or which fliall be exchanged or partitioned by virtue of this Aft or the faid recited Aft, or any Part or Parts thereof refpeftively, but that the refpeftive Perfons to -whom any Lands or Hereditaments fhall be fo allotted or given in Exchange or by Partition fliall be feifed thereof to fuch and the fame Ufes, and for fuch and the fame Eftates, and under and fubjeft to fuch and the fame Settlements, Limitations, Remainders, Jointures, Rents, Charges, and Incumbrances, and under fuch and the fame Reftriftions, Covenants, and Agreements, as the feveral Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whereof fuch Perfon was feifed or poffeffed at or immediately before the Execution of the Award to be made by the faid Commiflioner, or for which or in lieu or in refpeft whereof fuch Allotment, Exchange or Partition fliall be made as aforefaid, would have been fubjeft to, charged with or affefted by, in cafe this Aft had not been made,

XXX. And

4-3® GEORGII lit. Cap. 132.	2521

XXX.	And be it further enafted That the faid Commiflioner may and [e^iar Racit he is hereby airefted and authorized (on Applica ion made to him for that KentS Purpofe in Writing by any of the Parties interefled) to declare void any

Leafe or Leafes at Rack Rent now fubfifling, granted for any Term not exceeding Twenty-one Years, which may affcft any of the Lands to be inclofed, exchanged or divided within the And Manor by virtue of this Aft or the faid recited Aft (and the fame fhall acc rdingly ceafe at fuch Time or Times as the faid Commiflioner fhall by Writing under his Hand order and appoint); and the faid Commiflioner is hereby empowered to adjudge and determine what Recompence and Satisfaftion fhall be made to the Lefiee or Leflees of every fuch Leafe or Leafes, and by whom and at what Time fuch Recompence and Satisfaftion fhall be made ; and in cafe fuch Recompence and Satisfaftion fhall not be made accordingly, then it fhall be lawful to and for fuch Lefiee or Leflees to fue for and recover the fame in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlininjter, by Aftion of Debt or on the Cafe: Provided always, that if there fhall be any fuch Leafe of Lands as aforefaid. Part of which fhall lie in the faid Manor, and Part in any adjoining Manor, Parifh or Townfhip, all and every fuch Leafe or Leafes may be vacated, but where any Lands fhall have been taken in Exchange, which Lands fhall be under Leafe and wholly fituate in any adjoining Manor, Parifh or Townfhip, fuch lafl-mentioned Leafe fhall not be vacated.

XXXI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That if any Perfon i» cafe any or Perfons hath or have fold, or contrafted or agreed to fell, or fhall at **rf.n (hall at any Time before the Execution of the Award of the faid Commiflioner £ ghlf* fell, contract or agree to fell, his, her or their Right, Interefl or Property, r'-«- Allotment in, over or upon the faid Commons and Wafle Grounds, or any Part

thereof, to any other Perfon or Perfons, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiflioner, and he is hereby authorized and required to make an Allotment of Land to the Purchafer orPurchafers in fuch Sale, Contraft or Agreement, or to his, her or their Heirs or Afligns, for or in refpeft of fuch Right, Interefl or Property fo fold, contrafted agreed to be fold as aforefaid ; and every fuch Purchafer or Purchafers, his, her or their Heirs or Afligns, fhall and may, from and after the Exe-f cution of the faid Award, hold and enjoy the Land fo to be allotted to him, her or them as aforefaid, in the fame Manner, to all Intents and Pur-pofes, as the Vendor or Vendors in every fuch Sale, Contraft or Agreement might, could or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame, in cafe fuch Sale, Contraft or Agreement had not been made.

XXXII.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiflioner fhall and Commitficnt* he is hereby authorized and required, in all Cafes wherein his Judgment ^’^j'Vcr*

it fhall appear to be requifite or proper, or more convenient for the Occu- wa pari on of the Lands and Tenements within the faid Manor, to divert and turn any old or accuflomed Road or Way or Path pafling or leading through or over any Part of the Old Inclofures within the faid Manor, or to flop upc or difeontinue fuch Roads, Ways, and Paflages as to the faid Commif-fioner fhall feem meet and proper: Provided always, that no fuch Road,

Way, or Path fhall be diverted, turned, flopped up or difeontinued without fuch Concurrence and Order, and fubjeft to fuch Appeal as is mentioned and contained in the faid recited Aft.	s

[Loc. & Per.}

*8 K

XXXIIL And

2522	43‘GEORGIl	III.	Cap.112.

C. mmiiHcner XXXIII. And be it farther enacted. That it ffiall be lawful for the faid AuVnu^Tto Commiffioner, in cafe he ffiall be requeued by Writing under the Hand ot Tenants f r Hands of any Perfcn or Perfons being Tenant for Life or in Tail, or other t xptnces.,01 Perfon being in Poffeffion of but not having the abfolute Efiate or Intereft in any Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within ti:e faid Manor, to fell and difpofe of fo much of the refpedive Allotment or Allotments to be made to fuch Perfon or Perfons in refped of luck Meffuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, as fhal! in the Judgment of the laid Commiffioner be equal in Value to the refpedive Proportions of the Expellees of obtaining and puting into Execution this A & and the faid recited Ad which fuch Perfon or Perfons may be charged with, and the Ex-pences of fencing, ditching and inclofing the Allotment or Allotments of fuch Perfon or Perfons ; and the faid Commiffioner ffiall affign, allot and award the faid Lands to be fold to fuch Perfon or Perfons as he thall think proper, upon Payment of the Value thereof by fuch Perfon or Perfons to the faid Commiffioner, who ffial! apply the lame in or towards the Payment of fuch Expences, and in fencing, ditching, and inclofing the faid Allotment or Allotments refpedively.

Dif ofa! nf XXXIV. And be it further enaded. That in cafe any Surplus ffiall re-SurpuiMo- main after Payment of fuch Expences as aforefaid, fuch Surplus ffiall be paid to the Perfon or Perfons entitled thereto, if feifed in Fee of fuch Lands, or otherwife fuch Surplus ffiall be paid into the Bank of England in the Manner direded by the faid recited Ad, with refped to fv'oney to be paid for the Purchafeor Exchange of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Sum of Money ought to be laid out in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be fettled to the fame Ufes.

XXXV. And be it further enaded, That the Colls, Charges and Expences of making fuch of the Fences for inclofing the Allotments herein direded to be made to the faid Edmund Antrobus, his Heirs and Affigns, as Lord pf the Manor aforefaid, as ffiall by the Award of the faid Com-miffioner be direded to belong thereto, and to be maintained by the faid Lord as aforefaid, and all the Colls, Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining this Ad, and of furveying, admealuring, planing, and valuing the Old inclofed Lands and Grounds within the laid Manor, and alfo of furveying, admeafuring, planning and valuing, dividing and allotting the Commons and Wade Grounds to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Ad or the faid recited Ad, and of preparing and enrolling the Award of the faid Commiffioner, and all the Charges and Expences of the faid Commiffioner, his Affiflants, Surveyors and Servants, and all other necefiary Expences of the feveral Perfons to be employed by the faid Commiffioner in and about the Premifes either before or after the it xecution of the faid Award, and all Expences of forming, completing and repairing the public Carriage Roads and Highways to be fet out and appointed by the faid Commiffioner, and all other Expences of carrying this Ad into Execution (fave and except the Expences ol Ex* changes. Partitions or Compenfations by Allotment in lieu of Rents, and the afeertaining and meafuring the Encroachments in and to which Rights have been gained which are hereinafter mentioned and direded to be otherwife borne and paid) ffiall be borne and defrayed by the feveral Perfons being Proprietors of Lands or Grounds to whom any Allotment or Allotments ffiall be made by virtue of this Ad, (fave and except the faid

Edmund

2523

&lej

%

sued

^ of **4 teak

'ss to fttetii

Ak-

ii! re-

»H be

ands, n the : paid its. or cugbt tahr

2nd

erein

igus,

.'ok-

laid

iand

plan-

laid

livid’'

ami

and

and

ier-

:k*

ore

W

be

ceJ

id

ts

i

/

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 132.

Edmund Antrobus, his Heirs or Afligns, for or in refped of the Allotment or Allotments to be fet out, and made to him and them in lieu of Soil as Lord of the Manor aforefaid) ; which faid Cofts, Charges, and Expences, together with the Proportions thereof to be paid by the feveral Perfons hereby made liable to the Payment thereof, fhall be adjufted and fettled by the faid Com mi (Ti oner ; and the faid Commiflioner is hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time ro make and form Eftimates of all fuch Coils, ('.barges, and Expences, and to raife the Amount of fuch Eftimates by a Rate or Rates from Time to Time as he lhall deem neceffary and proper in Manner dirtded in and by the faid recited Ad,

XXXVI.	And be it further enaded, That it fnall be lawful for the faid Commiflioner to fet out, allot, and award any Lands, Tenements, or Here- b ditaments wh. t’oever within the faid Manor of Horton and the feveral Town-

Ihips of Endon, Longsdon, and Stanley, in the faid Parifh of Leek, and in the Townlhip of Bagnall. in the faid Parifh of Stoke-upon-T/ent refpedively, in lieu of and in Exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatfoever within the faid Manor, Townfhips, Parifhcs, and Places refpedively, or within any adjoining Townlhip, Parifh, or Place ; provided that all fuch Exchanges be afeertained, fpecified, and declared in the Award of the faid Commiflioner, and be made with the Confent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which fhall be fo exchanged, whether fuch Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors fhall be a Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or a Tenant or Tenants, in Fee Simple or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for Life, or by the Courtefy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Con.ent of the Guardians, Truf-teesj Feoffees for charitable or other Ufes, Hufbands, Committees, or Attor-nies of or ading for any fuch Proprietors or Owners as aforefaid, who at the Time of making fuch Exchange or Exchanges, fhall be refpedively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, or under any other legal Difability, or who fhall be beyond the Seas, or otherwife difabled to ad for themfelves, himfelf, or herfelf, fuch Confent to be teftified in Writing under the Common Seal of the Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other confenting Parties refpedively ; and all and every Exchange and Exchanges fo to be made, fhall be good, valid, and effedual in the Law to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever : Provided neverthelefs, that no Exchange fhall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments held in Right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclefiaftical Benefice, without the Confent teftified as aforefaid of the Patron thereof, and of the Bifnop of the Diocefe in which fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo to be exchanged fhall lie and be fituate.

XXXVII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That the Cofts, Exaen-w of Charges and Expences attending the making of any Exchange or Exchanges, Exti.angesaiul Partition or Partitions, or Allotment or Allotments in lieu of or Cornpenfa- ^r^1otr^“sbty tionfor any Rents to be made by virtue of this Ad or the faid recited Ad, the Peiioiu or in furveying and afeertaining any Encroachments which may have been »*king:htnu made from the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds within the faid Manor

for upwards of Twenty Years, and to which any Perfons may have become entitled in Manner aforefaid, fhall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the feveral Perfons making fuch Exchanges and Partitions or Compenfations, and who may have become entitled to any fuch Encroachments as aforefaid, in fuch Shares and Proportions as the faid Commiflioner fhall, in and by

any

25 2+

Proprietors

ann -‘.gents piy their 01

For allowin Intcrelt on Money ail-▼anced.

Com mi (Hon-

JnAices ones ttcry Year.

Award to

deputed.



+8° GEOE.GII III. Cap. 132.

any Rate or Rates to be by the faid Commiflioner from Time to Time made, and as he (hall order and direct, and which fhall be railed and levied in the like Manner as Expences for obtaining any Ad are in and by the faid recited Act directed to be levied.

XXXVIII.	Provided always. That the faid Proprietors, their Attornies and Agents, ihall pay their own Expences when they or any of them Ihall attend the faid Commiflioner at any Meeting to be hoiden in purfuance of this Ad.

XXXIX.	And be it further enacted, That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons /hall advance any Sum or Sums of Money for the Puipofeof defraying the Expences of obtaining and pafling diis Ad or carrying the fame into Execution, every fuch Perfon Ihall be fepaid the fame, together with lawful Intereft from the Time of advancing thereof, out of the Monies that fliall be raifed for defraying fuch Expences; which Sum or Sums of Money fo to be advanced as aforefaid, and the Intereft thereof, fhall be a Charge upon the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclofed, until the fame (hall be raifed and repaid.

XL. And be it further enaded. That once at lead in each Year during the Execution of this Ad (fuch Year to be computed from the Day of e the palling thereof) the faid Commillioner fhall and he is hereby required to make a true and juft Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by him received and expended, or due to him for his own Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Ad ; and fuch Statement or Account when lo made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, Ihall be by him laid before any One or more of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace ading in and for the faid County of Stafford, and not interefted in the Premifes, to be by him or them examined and balanced, and fuch Balance fliall be by fuch Juftice or Juftices ftated in the Book of Accounts to be kept at the Office of the Clerk to the faid Commiflioner j and no Charge or Item in fuch Accounts fhall be binding on the Parriec concerned, or valid in Law, unlefs the fame lhalihave been duly allowed by fuch Juftice or Juftices.

XLI. And be it further enaded, That the Award to be made by the faid Commiflioner, when enrolled in Manner direded by the faid recited Ad, Ihall be depolired and kept within the Parifh Church of Horton aforefaid, to the End that Recourfe may be had thereto by any Perfon or Perfons interefted in the faid lnclofure.

XLIf. And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall think him, her, or themfelves aggi ieved by any Thing done in purfuance of this Ad or the faid recited Ad (other than and except fuch Orders and Determinations of the faid Commiflioner as are by the faid recited Ad or this Ad declared to be final or conclufive, and except in fuch Cafes wherein an Iflue at Law fhall be tried as herein-before mentioned) then and in every fuch Cafe he, fhe, or they may appeal to any General Quarter Seflipns of the Peace which Ihall be holden for the faid County of Stafford within Four Calendar Months next after the Caufe of Complaint fhall have arifen, • by giving Ten Days Notice in Writing of ftich Appeal and of the Matter thereof to the faid Commiflioner and to the Party or Parties concerned ; and the Juftices at the faid General Quarter Seflions are hereby required 4	td

48° GEORGII HI. Cap. 132.

to hear and determine the Matter of fuch Appeal, and to make fuch Orders therein, and award fuch Cods as to them in their Diicretion (hall feeni reafonable ; and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Cods which flia.lt be fo awarded by Diftrels and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Surplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reafonable Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale; and the Determination of the faid Juftices therein fhall be -final and conclnfive upon ail Parties concerned, and fhall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefs whatfoever into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejimmjter;, but in cafe fuch Appeal fhall appear to the faid Juftices frivolous, vexations, or without Foundation, then and in fuch Cafe the faid Juftices fluil! award fuch Colls to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants as to them in their Difcretion fhall feem reafonable, and fuch Colts Hull be levied in Manner laft mentioned.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enabled. That nothing in this s Adt contained fhall prejudice, lefien, cr defeat the Right, Title, or lute* [ reft of the faid Edmund Antrobus, his Heirs or Afligns, as Lord of the laid Manor of Horton, or any future Lord or Lords thereof, in or to any of the Royalties cr Seigniories incident or belonging to the faid Manor, but that he the faid Edmund Antrobus, his Heirs or Afligns, as Lord of the faid Manor, and all other fucceeding Lords of the faid Manor for the Time being, fhall and may at all Times for ever hereafter hold and enjoy all Rents, Services, Courts, Perquifites and Profits of Courts, Goods and Chattels of Felons and Fugitives, Felons of themfelves and put hi Exigent, Deodands, Waifs, Eftrays and Forfeitures; and that nothing in this Act contained fhall be conftrued to prejudice, leflen or defeat the Right, Title or Intereft of the faid Edmund Antrobus, his Heirs and Afligns, as Lord of the faid Manor of Horton, to the Mines, Beds, Veins and > earns of Coal, Cannel Slack, Ironftone, Limeftone, or other Mines or Minerals in or under the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds hereby intended to be in-clofed (faveand except all other Stone, Slate, Gravel, Clay, and Sand) the fame being hereby referved to him the faid Edmund Amrobus, his Heirs and Afligns, as Lord of the faid Manor, with full and free Liberty, Power and Authority for him and them from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter to hold, win, work and enjoy all Mines, Beds, Veins and Seams of Coal, Cannel Slack, Ironftone, Limeftone, and other Mines and Minerals of what Nature or Kind foever (fave and except as aforefaid) within and under the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds hereby intended to be in-clofed, together with all convenient and neceflary Roads, Ways and Paf-fages, and Liberty of laying, making, and repairing Waggonways and other Ways, in, over, and along the fame, or any Part thereof, and of fearching for, winning and working the faid Mines and Minerals, and leading and carrying away the Coal, Cannel Slack, Ironftone, Limeftone, or other Produce thereof,(except as aforefaid) and finking, digging and making Pits, Shifts, Pit Rooms, Heap Rooms, Stand Yards, Air Pits, Drifts, Levels, Ways and Watercourfes (except fuch as fupply Haracles otherwife Horton Mill as aforefaid) and of ere&ing and ufing Fire Engines or other Engines, and of altering, changing, pulling down and carrying away the fame, or any of the Materials thereof, and to have and ufe any Stone got in the Sinking Pits or Shafts, or working or getting the faid Minerals fo referved \Loc. Ss? Per.']	28 jL	as

2526

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 132.

as aforefaid for the TJfes and Purpofes of the faid Works, but not for Sale, af his, her or their own free Will and Pleafure, and to do, employ, ufe and exercife all fuch other Machines, Ads and Things either now in Ufe or hereafter to be invented, as may be neceffary and convenient for th^e full and complet^Enjoyment thereof, in as full, ample and beneficiaJ a Manner, to all Intents and Purpofes, as he or they could or might have done in cafe this Ad had not been made, he and they making and allowing to the feveral Owners or Occupiers of fuch Allotments refpedively rea-fonable and adequate Recompence and Satisfaction for all fuch Damages as fhall from Time to Time be done thereto, or to any Eredions or Buildings that may at the Time of working or getting the faid Mines and Minerals, or exercifmg the Privileges aforefaid, be ereded or built thereupon, by or in the Ufe or Exercife of any fuch Right, Title, Intereft, Liberty, Power, or Authority, in Proportion to the Lofs thereby fuftamed by them refpedively.

Power to view Mines One* a Day.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That it fhall be lawful for the feveral Owners or Occupiers of fuch Allotments refpedively, or their Servants or Workmen, at any Time or Times during the working of the faid Mines or any of them, by the Ropes, Hooks, or other Engines ufed in any Pit or Pits, that may be funk in any of the faid Lands to be divided, allotted and inclofed, to ride and go down any fuch Pit or Pits, Shaft or Shafts, not exceeding Once in any One Day, into the faid Mines, to view and fee the Works within and under the fame, and by the faid Ways or Means to afeend and be drawn up the faid Pit or Pits by the Workmen or Servants cf the Perfon or Perfons working or getting the faid Coals (if required) or by any other Perfon or Perfons brought by any fuch Owners or Occupiers.

Ccneni	XLV.	Saving	always to the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, His Heirs

Savin*. and SuccefTors, and to all and every other Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her and their Heirs, SuccefTors, Executors and Adminiflrators, all fuch Eftate, Right, Title, and Intereft (other than and except fuch as are meant and intended to be compenfated for, barred or deftroyed by this Aft) of, in, to or in refpeft of the Commons and Wade Grounds and Hereditaments to be divided, allotted, inclofed or exchanged by virtue of this Aft or the faid recited Aft, as he, fhe, they or any of them might or could have had or enjoyed in cafe this Aft had not been made.

Aft way be XLVI. And be it further enafted. That this Aft fliall be printed by the river in Evi-	Printer to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty; and a Copy thereof fo

C11CC‘	printed fhall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Juftices, and

others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s mod Excellent Majefty. 1S08.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.



Cap. 133.

An A£t for allotting and inclofing the Foreft or Chace of Charmceorl, otherwife Charley Forejl or Chace, and Rothley Plain, in the County of Lei-cejler.	[18th	June	1808.}

WHEREAS there are within the County of Leicejlcr feveral large , Trails of Open Commonable Grounds or Watte Lands, known by the Names of The Forejl or Chace of Charnwood otherwife Charley Forejl or Chace, and Rothley Plain, containing in the whole by Eftimation, Eighteen thoufand Acres or thereabouts: And whereas the Soil of the faid Grounds and Lands, with other Rights in and over the fame, is verted, or reputed to bevelled, in the Lords or Owners of the feveral Manors, Lordlhips, Preciri&s, or Territories of Grooby, Barrow, JVhitwick, Loughborough, Beaumanor, Sheepshead, Knight \Thorpe, Thorpe Acre, Garendon, Gracedieu, Belton, Ulvefcroft, Charley, Bar don, and Thringjlon, all in the Lid County o\ Leictfter, or forne of them ; together with the Honourable Augujlus Richard Butler Danvers, and Peter Crompton, Efquire, who are alfo or claim to be entitled to the Soil and other Rights in and over Parts of the faid Lands; and fome otherPerfons who claim to be entitled to the Soil of fmall Portions thereof; and the refpeclive Limits or Boundaries are for the moft Part well known: And whereas the faid Lands lie or are reputed to lie within the feveral Parifhes, Conftablcries, Town (hips,1 Hamlets, or Places of Ratby, Newtown Linford, Bradgate, Holgate, Thurcafton, Cropfion, Switbland, Barrow, Rothley, IVoodhoufe, Wecdhoufe Eaves, Woodthorpe, Beaumanor, Loughborough, Knight Thorpe, Gar end on. Sheep*bead, Belton, Gracedieu, Tbiingjlon, Whitwick, Hugglefcote, and' Donington on the Heath, Stanton-under Bar don, Markfieldt Ulvescrcft,•

I Lot. & Per.~\	a 8	M	Charleyy

a530

48® GEORGII III. Cap.i33.

Charley, Mapplewell, and Bar don, alt in the faid County of Leicefter, or fomeof them : And whereas the Right Honourable George Harry Earl of Stamford and Warrington is Lord of the Manor of Grooby aforefaid, with its Members, and Redor Impropriate of Ratby, Newtown, Linford, Bradgati, and Holgate aforefaid, and Owner of all Impropriate ICythes arifing within or belonging to the fame refpeftivcly ; and the faid; Earl is P.uron of the Vicarage of Ratby aforefaid, and allo-cntitled tofhe Right of Patrohage, Donation or Nomination of or to the Chureh Newtown Linford\ and the Reverend George Iliff Fofter Clerk, is the prefent Vicar of Ratby, and Minilter of Newtown Linford; and alfo the faid Earl is entitled to an Ecclefiaftical Peculiar Exempt Jurifdidion of Grooby, including Parts of the laid Open Commonable Grounds and Waite Lands: And whereas the Right Honourable Francis Rawdon Haftings Earl of Moira is Lord of the feveral Manors of Barrow, Wbitwick, and Loughborough aforefaid, with their refpedive Members, and Patron of the Rectory of Markfield, and of the Vicarage of Belton aforefaid; and the Reverend Richard Williams Cieik is the prefent Redor of Markfield; and the Reverend Charles Sandby Clerk is the prefent Vicar of Belton: And whereas William Ho rick Efquire is Lord of the Manor cf Beaumanor aforefaid, with its Members, and Owner of all Impropriate Tythes arifing within the feveral Lordlhips, Hamlets, and Liberties of Beaumanor, Woodhoufe and Woodhoufe Eaves aforefaid: And whereas ’Thomas March Phillips Efquire i Lord of the feveral Manors or Precinds of Sheepshead, Knight Thorpe, Thorpe Acre, Garendon, and Gracedieu aforefaid, with their Members, Impropriate Owner of the Tythe of Thorpe Acre and Garendon, and alfo Patron of the Vicarage of Sheepshead aforefaid •, and the Reverend Charles Allfop Clerk, is the prefent Vicar of fuch Vicarage, and entitled to a Part of the Great and Small Tythes arifing in fuch Parilh ; and JobnBeau.-mont Efquire and Norman Bramley Gentleman, or one of them, are or is entitled to all Impropriate Tythes arifing in fuch Parilh : And whereas Edward Daufon Eiquire is Lord of the Manor of Belton aforefaid, and Impropriate Owner of one undivided Moiety of all Rectorial Tythes arifing in the Paiifh of Belton aforefaid, and Richard Fowler Gemlcma* is entitled to the other Moiety of fuch Rectorial Tythes of the Parilh of Belton: And whereas JViiliam Parkin Bofvilie Eiquire is or claims to be Lord of the Manor or the Precind of the late Priory of Ulvefcroft aforefaid : And whereas Mary Bofworth Widow is or claims to be Lady of the Manor or reputed Manor or Precind of Charley aforefaid : And whereas William Hood Efquire is or claims to be Lord of the Manor or reputed Manor or Precind of Bar don aforefaid : And whereas Jofepb Boultbee, Thomas Boult bee, John Boiiltbee, William Boultbee, and Charles Boultbee, Efquires, are Lords of the Manor of Tbringjlon aforefaid : And whereas the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, in Right of His Crown, is Patron of the Redory of Switbland aforefaid ; and the Reverend John Llwyd Clerk is the prefent Redor of fuch Redory; and His faid Majefty in Right of His Crown is feized of feveral Mefluages, Lands, and Tenements in St ant on-under-Bar don (which i;S a Member of the faid Manor of Grooby): And whereas Sir George Howland Beaumont Baronet is Impropriate Redor of Wbitwick aforefaid, and entitled to all Redorial Tythes arifing in Wbitwick and Tbringflcn (which is a Member thereof): And whereas the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, in Right of His Duchy of Lancajler, is Patron of the Vicarage of Wbitwick aforefaid; and the Reverend Francis Harris Clerk is the prefent Vicar thereof: And whereas the Matter, Fellows and Scholars of x	Saint

48* GEORGH III. Cap. 133.

Saint Johh's College in the UnJverfity of Cathbridge are Patrons of the Vicarage of Barrcw aforefaid, and the Reverend William Eaficn CKifc. is th£ crcfeht Vicar of loch Vicriragfc ; and the Trufters for certair. Charities founded by Doftor Babitigton in Barrow aforefaid, are 6r claim td be fh’rifled to certain tmprbprikrb Tythes ia.JSartbw aforefaid : And whereds fhe Mafter and Fellows of Emanuel College in the Univerfity of Cambridge are Pitrons of the Reftorjes of Thurcafton and Loughborough aforefaid ; and the Reverend William Richardfon Tyfon Clerk is the prtferic Reftbr of Thurcafton, (to which Cropfion is a Chapelry)* and the Reverend Rickard Hardy Do ft or in Divinity is the prefent Reftor of Loughborough (of which Knight Thorpe is a Member): And whereas the Right Reverend Father in Go & Thomas Lord Bifhop of Rocbeflcr, in Right of his See, is Patron of the Reftory of Ibftock, which comprifes the Townfhips of Hugglefcdte and Bonington on the Heath aforefaid *, and the Reverend Spencer Madan Clerk, Mafter of Arts, is the prefent Reftor thereof: And whereas the Feoffees or Truftees of a certain Charity called Jackfon's Charity, are entitled to all the Great or Reftorial Tythes arifing in the Townfhip of Stanton-under-Bardon aforefaid ; And whereas the Right Honourable Charles Lord Vifcouht Maynard is Patron of the Vicarage of Thornton, to which the faid Townfhip of Stanton-under ~Bdr dok is a Chapelry •, and the Reverend Alexander Simpfon Clerk is the prefent Vicar thereof: And whereas the Owners and Occupiers of ancient Mef-fuages and Cottages, Scites of Mtffuages and Cottages, Lands and Tenements, within the faid feveral Manors',. Lordlhips, Precinfts, Territories, Parities, Conftableries, Townfhips, Hamlets, arid Places, and many other Parilhes, Hamlets or Places contigubui to or bordering Upon the faid Open Commonable Grounds and Wafte Lands refpeftively, claim to be entitled to have and enjoy a Right of Common within arid upon the faid Open Commonable Grounds and Wafte Lands, or fome Part or Parts thereof refpeftively : And whereas the Rcftors, Vicars, or other Perfons entitled to the Tythes ofthe other Parifhes, Hamlets, or Places, contiguous to orbordering upon the faid Commonable Grounds and Wafte Lands, and claiming Commonage on the fame, or Parc or Parts thereof refpre-tively, or of fame of them, fuppofe themfclves to,be entitled to and claim certain Tythe or Tythes for the Increafe of the Cattle pf their refjpfectlve Parifhioners going or depafturing on the faid Commonable Grounds and Wafte Lands, or fome Part or Parts there »f refpeftively : And whereas ah Aft was paffed in the Forty-full Year of the Reign or His ^refehf Ma-jefty, intituled, An Aft for confolidating in One Aft certain Proi'ifib'As J ufually infer ted in Afts of Inclofure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the 4 Rafts ufually required on the pdjfmg of fuch A ft 5: And whereas the faid Open Commonable Grounds and Wafte Lands iie in the Vicinity of feveral large manufafturing Towns, in nearly the Centre of the K’ngdom; and great Parts thereof are in their prefent State.of little or nV> Value, but capable, if inclofed, of affordjng not only very great additional Pafturage, but alfo of producing great Quantities of Corn and Grain of all Kinds ; and it would be of great public Utility as well as of great Benefit and Ad- f vantage to all Perfcns interefted in the laid Grounds and Lands refpeftively if the lame were inclofed, and allotted unto the feveral Perfons interefted therein, according to their feveral and refpeftive Rights and Interefts therein; but as the fame cannot be effefted and eftablifhed without the Aid of Parliament ; May it pleafe Your Majefty that it may be shafted j and be it cnafted by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty,

2532	4.S°GEORGII III. Cap. 133.

by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority Commiflion- of the fame. That Robert Harvey Wyatt of Barton under-Needivood in the County of Stafford, ‘jefepb Outrarn of Alfrelon in the County of Derby, John Burckam of Coningfby in the County of Lincoln, Thomas Eagle of Atlefley in the County of Warwick, and James Green of Lenton in the County of Nottingham, Gentlemen, and their Succcflbrs, to be nominated and appointed in Manner herein-after mentioned, fhall be and they ate hereby appointed CommifTioners for dividing, felting out, and inclofiog the faid Open Commonable Grounds and Wafte Lands, and for carrying the Purpofes of the faid recited Aft and this Aft into Execution (fave and except fuch Parts of the faid recited Aft as are hereby varied or altered); and all Afts, Matters and Things authorized or direfted to be done and executed by the faid Commillfoners in puriuance of the faid recited Aft and this Aft, or either of them, may be done and executed by the major Part of them, and the fame fhall be as good, valid, and tffeftual, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, and fhall have the fame Force and Effcft, as if fuch Afts, Matters, and Things had been done and executed by all the„Commi(Iioners herein named, or to be appointed in Manner herein-after mentioned.

Commifiion- IL And be it further enabled, That no Commiflioner fhall aft in the ?xecuuon °f any °f the Powers by the faid recited Act, or this Aft given ffave and except the Power of figning and giving Notice of the firft Meeting of the faid CommifTioners) until he fhall have taken and fubferibed the following Oath, to be adminiftered and inrolled in like Manner as the Oath by the faid recited Aft preferibed to be taken by the CommifTioners .is direfted to be adminiftered and inrolled ; that is to fay,

*	T A. B. do fwear'JV, being one of the People called Quakers, do

*	* affirm] That l am neither Pjoprietor or Occupier of, nor to the ‘ beft of my Knowledge am I concerned as Guardian, bteward, or ‘ Agent, for any Proprietor of MefTuages, Houfes, Cottages, Lands,

*	or Grounds, or other Perlon having or claiming any Right of Common,

*	or any Manerial Right, Tythes, or any other Right or Intereft whatfo-‘ ever, in, over, or upon the Open Commonable Grounds and Wafte Lands,

* to be inclofcd by virtue oi an Aft made in the Forty-eighth Year of c the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Aft for allotting and

*	inclofing the For eft or Chace ^Charnwood, olherwife Charley Foreft or

*	Chafe, and Rothley Plain, in the County of Leiceftcr, or any Part or

c Parts thereof.	So	help	me GOD.*

for appointing	III. And be it further enafted, That in cafe the faid Robert Harvey

fioners°mmil ^yatt, or any Perfon to be nominated or appointed a Commiflioner in his Room or Sread by virtue of this Aft, fball die, refufe to aft, or become incapable of afting as fuch Commiflioner in the Execution of the faid recited Aft and this Aft, then and in fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Earl of Stamford and Warrington, or the Lord or Lords of the faid Manor of Grooby for the Time being, by any Writing under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, within One Month after fuch Death, Refufal, or Incapacity as aforefaid, fhall be made known ro him or them, by Notice in Wrking ftgned by any of the faid Commiflion-

ers.

48" GEORGII III. Cap. r33.

er«, to be left at the ufual Place of Abode of the Paid Earl of Stamford and Warrington, or of i he Lord of ihef.ud NLanorof Grooby tor the 1 ime being, to nominate and appoint a proper Pcrlon (not interefted in the faid intended Divifion and Inclofure) to be a Commiflioner in the Room orS.ead of the faid Robert Harvey Wyatt, or of fuch other Pt rfon nominated or appointed in his Room or Stead, fo dying or refufingor becoming incapable to aft as aforelaid; and fo from Time to Time as often as any Commiflioner to be nominated and appointed by the faid Earl of Stamford and Warrington, or by the Lod of the faid Minor of Grooby, for the Time being, as afore* faid, (ball die, refufe, negleft or become incapable to aft as luch Commiflioner in the Execution of the faid recited Aft and this Aft: And in cafe the faid Jofeph Outram fnall die, refufe to aft, negleft, or become incapable of afting as fuch Commiflioner in the Execution of the faid recited Aft and this Aft, then and in fuch Cafe it (hall and may be law* ful to and for the faid Earl of Moira, William Herrick, and ‘Thomas March Phillipps, or the Lords of the feveral Manors of Wbiiwick, Bcaumanor and Sheepjhead for the Time being, to nominate, eleft, and appoint, by any Inftrumrnt in Writing under their refpcftive Hands, Time he and proper l’etfon (not interefted in the faid Divifion and Inclofure) to be a Commif-fioner in the Room or Stead of the faid Jofeph Outram *, and if the faid Earl of Moira, William Herrick, and Thomas March Phillips, or the Lords of the laid feveral Manors of Whiiwick, Beaumanor, and Sheepjhead, for the Time being, lhall not agree and concur in nominating ana appointing a Commiflioner in the Room or Stead of the faid Jofeph Outram, it fhaJI and may be lawful to and for each and every of them the faid Earl of Moira, William Herrick, and Thomas March Phillipps, or the Lords of the faid lift-memioneu Manors for the Time being, by writing under their refpeftive Hands within One Month next after the Expiration of the faid Time fo allowed for their jointly nominating and appointing fuch new Commiflioner as aforelaid, to nominate and appoint a proper Pcrfon, not interefted in the faid Divifion and Inclofure, to be a Commiflioner for the Purpofes of the faid recited Aft and this Aft, or it lhall be lawful for any Two of them, the faid Earl c f Moira, Williant Herrick, and Thomas March Phillipps, or the Lords for the Time being of any Two of the faid laft-mentioned Manors to concur in fo nominating and appointing a Commiflioner, and for the other of them the faid Earl of Moira, William Herrick and Thomas March Phillipps, or the Lord for the Time being of the other of the faid Manors, to appoint another Commiflioner •, and fo from Time to Time as often as any Commiflioner or Commiflioners to be nominated and appointed by the faid Earl of Moira, William Herrick and Thomas March Phillipps, jointly or feparately, or the Lords of the Manors laftly hereinbefore mentioned refpeftively for the Time being, {hall die, refufe to aft, or become incapable to aft as fuch Commiflioner in the Execution of the faid recited Aft and this Aft : And in cafe the faid John Burcham, or any Perfon to be nominated and appointed a Commiflioner in his Room or Stead by virtue or this Aft, lhall die, refufe, negleft or become incapable to aft in the Execution of this Aft and of the faid recited Aft, then and in every fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the feveral Tythe Owners interefted in the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclofed by virtue of this Aft, or the major Part of them who (hall attend by themfelves or by their Agents or Proxies, at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpofe in the Town of Loughborough (of which Meeting Fourteen Days Notice at the leaft, and of the Purpofe thereof, (hall be [Toe, Ijf Perfj^	28	Tf	given

353+

If Lords of Manors, Sec. negiedl to appoint a new Cornell (lion er within the Tine preferi-bed,

the ailing Commiflioner to make Api pointment,

48’GEORGII III. Cap. 133.

given by Advertifement figned with the Name or Names of any one or more of thefaid Commiflioners, in tht Leicejier Journal if then publfthed, and if not, then in fome o her Newfpaper printed or circulated in the faid County of Leicejier) to nominate, eled, and appoint, by any Inftru-ment in Writing under their Hands or under the Hands of their Agents or Proxies, fome fit and proper Perfon (not interefted in the faid Division and Inclofure) to be a Commiflioner in the Room or Stead of the faid John Burcham, or of fuch other Perfon nominated and appointed in his Room or Stead, fo dying or refufing or becoming incapable to ad as aforefaid ; and fo from Time to Time as often as any Commiflioner to be nominared and appointed by fuch Tythe Owners fhall die, refufe or become incapable to ad as fuch Commiflioner in the Execution of the faid recited Act and this Act: And in cafe the faid Thomas Eagle and James Grcen> or either of them, or any Perfon to be nominated and appointed by virtue of this Ad a Commiflioner in the Room or Stead of either of them, (hall die, refule to act, or become incapable of acting in the Execution of this and the faid recited Ad, then and in every fuch Cafe the major Part in Value (fuch Value to be afeertained according to the Land Tax Afleflment f >r that Year) of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Hereditaments within the faid refpective Parifhes and Places entitled to any Right of Common, in, over, or upon the faid Open Commonable Grounds and Wafte Lands (other than and except the Lords of the faid feveral Manors to whom other Powers of Nomination are herein-before given, and Tythe Owners, and their refpective Heirs, Succeflbrs, and A(iigns) who fhall be prefent in Perfon, or by their refpective Agents or Proxies duly authorized for fuch Purpofe, at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpofe, of which Meeting Fourteen Days Notice by Advertifement (hall be given by any Five or more of fuch Owners and Proprietors, in the Leicejier Journal if then publilhed, and if not, then in fome other Newfpaper circulated in the faid County of Leicejier ^ (hall and they are hereby required to nominate and appoint, by any Writing under the Hands of the major Part in Value of them the faid Owners and Proprietors and Agents or Proxies aforefaid, a proper Perfon or Perlons (not interefted in the faid Divifion and Inclofure) to be a Commiflioner or Commiflioners in the Rocm or Stead of the faid Thomas Eagle and James Green or either of them, or of fuch other Perfon to be nominated and appointed in the Room or Stead of either of them, fo dying or refufing to ad or becoming incapable of a&ing as aforefaid ; and fo from Time to Time as often as any fuch Cafe or Cafes (hall happen : And every Commiflioner fo to be nominated and appointed (hall, after taking and fubferibing the Oaths preferibed in that Behalf, have the like Power and Authority for carry in <2 the (aid recited Ad and this Ad into Execution, and (hall be fubjed and liable to the like Rules, Regulations, and Reftridions, as if he had been originally nominated a Commiflioner in and by this Ad.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Lords of thefaid feveral Manors for the Time being, or the faid Tythe Owners, or the faid Proprietors of Lands and Hereditaments, either or any of them ref-pectively, (hall make Default in nominating and appointing, any new Commiflioner fo directed to be nominated and appointed by him and them refpectively as aforefaid, within the refpective Times for that Purpofe limited, and in Manner aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and /or the furviving or remaining Commiflioners

or

2533

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 133.

or Commiflioner, and they and he are and is hereby required from Time to Time, by "Writing under their Hands or his Hand, within One Month next 4ter the Expiration of fuchrelpective Time fo allowed for nominating and appointing fuch new and fucceeding Commiflioner or Commiflion-ers as afore la id, to nominate and appoint a proper Per fon (not interfiled in the faid Divifion and Inclofure) to be a Commiflioner in the Room or Stead of every fuch Commiflioner lo dying, refuting, or becoming incapable to aft as aforefaid; and every Commiflioner lo nominated and appointed [hall, after taking and fubferibing the Oaths preferibed in that Behalf, have the like Power and Authority for carrying the faid recited Aft and this Aft into Execution, and (hall be fubjeft and liable to the like Rules, Regulations, and Rcftriftions, as if he had been originally nominated a Commiflioner in and by this Aft.

V.	Piovided alfo, and be it enafted, That if any of the faid Commit Any Commif-fioners hereby nominated (hall refufe or negleft to attend at the Firft fij°,netr0 Meeting appointed to beholden for carrying this Aft into Execution, and the Firft en duly qualify himfelf, by taking and fubferibing the Oaths preferibed in Meeting, &c. that Behalf; or if any of the laid Commifiioners (hall at any Time after ^Rdu'aVto^ the faid Firft Meeting wilfully abfent himfelf from any Three following act. fucctflive Meetings, appointed to be holden by virtue of this Aft, or

having been abfent from Two fucceflive Meetings, fhall not attend during the whole of the Third or next fucceeding Meeting, fuch Meetings being known to him, either by his being prefent at the Appointment thereof,, or Notice thereof in Writing having been given to him or lefc at his lftft or ufual Place of Abode by the Clerk or Clerks to the (aid Commifiioners, and fuch Commiflioner not being prevented by Sicknefs or other tealonable Cau'e to be allowed by the other Commiflioners from attending or continuing at fuch Meetings; or if any Commiflioner to be nominated and appointed in Manner by this Aft direfted, (hall not attend and qualify himlelf to aft as a CommifiTner in the Execution of this Aft at the Firft Meeting of the faid Commiflioners after his Nomination or Appointment, or (hail thereafter wilfully abfent himlelf from Three following fuc-ceflive Meetings, to be holden by virtue of this Aft, or having been abfent from Two fuvceflive Meetings, (hall not attend during the Whole of the Third or next fucceeding Meeting, fuch Meetings being known to him, either by his being prefent at the Appointment thereof, or Notice thereof in Writing having been given to him or lefc at his laft or ufual Place of Abode by the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Commiflioners, and fuch Commiflioner not being prevented by Sicknefs or ocher reafonable Caufe, to be allowed by the other Commiflioners, from attending or continuing at fuch Meetings, then and in every of fuch Cafes fuch Ablence or Non-attendance (hall be deemed and taken to be a Refufal to aft within the Intent and Meaning of this Aft,

VI.	And be it further enafted. That if in confequence of the Powers Forinpoimin herein-before given for the Appointment of a new Commiflioner or Com- an Umpire^ miffioners in the Room or Stead of the faid Jofeph Outram, there (hall at &c*

any Time happen to be an even or equal Number of Commiflioners for executing the faid recited Aft and this Aft, and any Difference in Opinion cr Difpute (hall arife between the faid Commiflioners touching or concerning any Aft, Matter or Thing whatfoever, which by virtue of the faid recited Aft or this Aft, the faid Commiflioners arc or (hall be autho-13	rieed

2536	48‘GEORGII	III.	Cap.	133.

rizcd and empowered ro fettle, determine and afeertain, and refpefting which they (hall be equally divided, then and in every loch Cafe it (hall and may he lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby required from Time to Time within One Month next after fuch Difference of Opinion {hall arife, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint foine fit and proper Perfon, (not interefted in the faid Divifion and L clofure), to be an Umpire; or in cafe of their Disagreement in the Choice of fuch Umpire, he fliall be cholen by the Recorder of the Borough ot Leicefter for the Time being *, and it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch Umpire, and he is hereby required, as foon as conveniently may be after his Appointment, to inquire into, fettle, afeertain, and determine the fubjeft Matter of all fuch Differences in Opinion or other Difputes which (hall fo happen to aril'e between the faid Commiffioners, and his Determination (hall be and is hereby exprefsly declared to be of fuch and the fame Forte and Effcft in all Refpefts as the Determination of the faid Commiffioners or the major Part of them would have been; and the faid Commiffioners fhail and they are hereby required to aft and proceed in conformity thereto.

Vll.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That no Perfon fliall be capable of afting as an Umpire in the Execution of this Aft, until he fhail have taken and fubferibed the Oath or Affirmation following ; that is to fay,

* T A. B. do fwear, [$r, being one of the People called Quakers, do

*	folcmnly affirm] That I will faithfully, honeftly, and impartially,

*	according to the belt of my Skill and Ability, execute and peform the ‘ Powers and Authorities repofed in me as Umpire, by virtue of an Aft 4 palled in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third,

*	intituled. An A£l for allotting^ and inclofing the h or eft orCbace of Charn-

4 wood, otherwife Charley Foreft or Chace, and Rothley Plain, in the 4 County of Leicefter, according to Equity and good Confcience, and with-4 out Favour or Affection, Prtjudice cr Malice, to any Perfon or Perfons 4 whom foe ver.	So help me GOD.’

Which Oath or Affirmation it (hall be lawful for any of the faid Commiffioners to adminifter, and he is hereby required to adminifter the farre; and fuch Oath or Affirmation when fo taken and fubferibed by fuch Umpire, fhail be annexed to and inrolled with the Award of the faid Commiffioners.

Lonh oT thC VHI. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if it fhail hap. Ulveicroft and pen, and as often as it (hall happen, that the faid Lords of the Manors of JnintVcora- Wbitwick, Beaumanor rnd Sheepfhead, (hall not concur and agree in the mi (Turner,' &c. Nomination and Appointment ot a Commiffioner as aforefaid, in the Room or Stead cf the faid Jofepb Outram, or of aoy other Commiffioner to be appointed to fucceed him ; or that Two of them fhail not agree in the nominating and appointing a Commiffioner as aforefaid, fo as that each of the Lords of the faid refpective Manors of Wbitwick, Beaumanor and Sheepfhead, (hall feverally nominate and appoint a Commiffioner, and the Lords nt theManots of Ulvefcroft and Belton for the Time being, fhail be difiatisfied with any of the Three Commiffioners who fhail or may be fo appointed, then and in every fuch Cafe it fliall and may be

lawful

Umpire to b« he acts.

2537

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 133.

lawful for the Lords of the faid Manors of UlveJcroft and Belton for the Time being, alfo to nominate and appoint, by Writing under their Hands, within One Month after the Appointment of fuch Three Commiffioners, another Comraiffioner to aft in the Execution of this Act and the laid recited Aft.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That John Claridge, of Pall Mall, in the Surveyor* City or Liberties of hVeJlminJler, Land Surveyor, and John Smith, of Packington, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby, or one of them, Land Surveyor, Ihall be and they ate hereby nominated and appointed Surveyors for viewing, furveying, and meafuring the faid Open Commonable Grounds and Wafte Lands; and they are hereby accordingly authorized and direfted, as foon as conveniently may be after the palling of this Aft, to view, furvey, and admeafure the faid Open Commonable Grounds and Wafte Lands, and all the Buildings and Encroachments whatfoever made in and upon the fame, and to defcribe and lay down the lame by Way of Map or Plan, whereon or in a Book of Reference to be annexed thereto ihall be fet forth the Number of Stature Acres, Roods and Perc hes of the faid Open Commonable Grounds and Wafte Lands, and the feveral Buildings and Encroachments made thereon, and of what fuch Encroachments relpeftively confift, and the Names of the feveral Perfons holding and enjoy** ing the fame; and that when and fo Icon as the faid Surveyors lhal! have finilhed and compleated the faid Survey, Map, or Plan, they Ihall, by Notice in Writing under their Hands, apprize the faid Commiffioners thereof, and appoint a Time and Place for a Meeting with them, of which Fourteen Days previous Notice at the leaft Ihall be given unto each of the faid Commiflioners; at which Meeting the faid Surveyors Ihall deliver survey tobe unto the faid Commiffioners prefent at fuch Meeting, their Survey and Plan delivered to and Book of Reference, and fhall fubferibe the fame with their Names in er°™amt «r-the Prefence of the faid Commiffioners, who Ihall atteft the famej and tified on Oaiii the faid Surveyors Ihall take and fubferibe the following Oath ; that is to fay,

* T A. B. do fwear, That by virtue and in purfuance of an Aft of Par- Surveyor*

1 -*■ liament made in-the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George °ith*

4 the Third, intituled. An Aft for allotting and incloftng the For eft or Ckace 4 of Chamwood, otherwife Charley Fcreft or Chace, and Rothliy ‘ Plain, in the County of Leicefter; I have taken a true and exaft Acfmea-

*	furement and Survey of the Open Com'monabie GrounBT srfd Wafte

*	Lands directed by the laid Aft to be indofed, and of alf* the Buildings 4 and Encroachments whatfoever made in aAd upon the fame, to the bdt

*	of my Judgement and" Ability, and that the$0i;Hy, Map or Plan, and 4 Book of Reference, where unto I have nttw fet my ITahd, are and c do contain a juft and true Defaiptron, Survey antf Admeafurement, and

*	Account, of the faid Open Commonable Grounds . and Wafte Lands,

4 and of all the Buildings and Entrcachrnents in and upon the fame,

with the Names of the feveral Perfons holding atid enjoying the fame 4 refpeftivily j and that the fame were made and taken by ifte^ccording 4 to the beft of my Knowledge, Information, and Belief, and the true 4 Ihtent and Meaning of the faid Aft, without favour, Affeftion, 6r Par-4 tialiry to any Peifon or Perfons': And I do further fwear, That I will 4 faithfully, impartially, and honeftly, accorSintt to the beft of my Skill 4 and Judgement,‘execute the feveral otherTrufts repefed in me as a

4 Surveyor

2538

For electing new Surveyors in cafe of Death, See.

made of Lands entitled to Commonage.

fVoprietor> p.oducing ap-

veys, &c* al ready made,

for them-

48° GEORGII III. Cap. in-

4 Surveyor by virtue of the faid Ad, without Favour or AfFedion, Pre-* judice or Partiality, to any Perfon or Pcrfons whomfoever,

4 So help me GOD.*

Which Oath it fhall and may be lawful to and for any one or more of th, faid Commiflioners to adminifter; and the faid Oath when fo taken (bar be written on Parchment and fubfcribed by the faid Surveyors, and duly attefted by the faid Commiflioners under their Hands, and (hall be inrolled with the Award to be made by the faid Commiflioners.

X.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That in cafe the faid Surveyors herein-before appointed, or either of them, or any other Surveyor or Surveyors to be appointed as herein-after mentioned, (ball die, or refufe or negled to ad, or become incapable of ading in the Execution of the faid recited Ad and this Ad, then and in every fuch Cafe it (ball and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners, by Writing under their Hands and Seals to nominate and appoint fome other fit and proper Peifon (not intereftcdin the faid Divifion and Inclofure) to be a Surveyor in the Room or Stead of every Surveyor fo dying, refufing, or neglecting to ad, or becoming incapable of ading in the Execution of the faid recited Ad and this Ad ; and every Surveyor fo nominated and appointed (ball have the like Powers and Authorities, and (hall be fubjed and liable to the like Rules, Regulations, and Reftridions, as if he had been originally named a Surveyor in and by this Ad.

XI.	And be i: further enaded. That, as foon as Conveniently may be, the faid Surveyors (hall proceed to make an accurate Survey and Plan, as well of all Mcffiiages and Cottages and Scites thereof, as of all Lands and Grounds in whatfoever Manor, Parifh, Townfhip, Conflablery, Hamler, or Place the fame are fituate, in refpett whereof the Owners or Occupier* of the fame refpedively are entitled to a Right cf Commonage upon the Open Commonable Grounds and Wafte Lands to be inclofed by virtue of this Ad, or any Part thereof (fave and except fuch Lands and Grounds as have been already (utveyed and as arc hereinafter direded not to be again furveyed or planned); and (hall enquire and find out, and’in and by the Survey or Plan thereof and in a Book of Reference to the fame, fet forth a minute and exact Account cf all and lingular the Premifes fo furveyed, and the Quantity and Contents of each feveral Field, Inclofure, and Parcel of Land thereof, with the Names of all and every the Owners and Occupiers thereof refpedively, thereby difiinguilhing fuch of the Premifes as are of Freehold Tenure, from fuch as are of Copyhold or CuJ* comary or Leafcbold Tenures, and of what particular Manors or Lord-(hips or Pcrfons the faid Copyhold or Cultomary or Leafehold Tenements arc fcverally and refpedively holdcn.

XII.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall 2nd may be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons having in his, her, or their Culb dy or Pofleflion any adual Surveys, Maps, or Plans of any Linds or Grounds, in refped whereof the Owners or Occupiers of the fame are entitled to Right of Commonage, to produce and deliver fuch Surveys, Maps, and Plans to the faid Commiflioners, at fuch Time or Times as they (hall appoint for that Purpofe; and the faid Commiflioners (hall thereupon enquire on the Oath as well of the Perfon or Perfcns producing and delivering Inch Surveys, Maps and Plans refpedively, as of fuch other PcTon or Pcrfons ns they

(hall

4.8‘GEORGII III. Cap. 13J.	*Si9

lhall think fit 'which Oath the faid Commiffioners are hereby authorized toadminifter) into the Authenticity and Accuracy of every of fuch Surveys,

Maps, and Plans, and in all Cafes where the Commiflioners (hall be fs-tisfied that fuch Surveys, Maps and Plans are authentic and have been accurately made, and will anfwer the Purpofe of a new Survey, (but not otherwife) they the faid Commiflioners (hall deliver the fame over to the faid Surveyors, with Direftions to infert and copy the fame into the aforefaid Surveys of Lands, the Owners or Occupiers whereof are entitled to any Rights of Common, inftead of making a new Admeafurement and Plan of the Lands and Grounds fo comprized and deferibed .n the Maps and Plans aforefaid ; and that the faid Commiflioners (hall allow, pay and fatisfy, for fuch approved Surveys, to the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame (hall belong, fuch Sum and Sums of Money as the faid Commiflioners (hall think proper, out of the Monies to be railed by them for the Purpofcs of this Ail.

XIII.	And be it further enafted, That out of the Money which (hall be Co»|>«nfai!»rt raifed for defraying the Expences of obtaining, palling, and executing this a“n^rlln^j' Aft, there (hall be paid to each of the faid Commiflioners, as a Recom- Surveyor,, pence for his Trouble and Expences in executing the fame, the Sum of

Three Guineas and no more for each Day he (hall be employed in attend-	,

ing the Execution of this Aft, and in travelling to and from the Meetings neceffary for that Purpcfe •, and the Surveyors (hall be paid and allowed for their Pains and Trouble, fuch Sum or Sums of Money as the faid Commiflioners (hall think juft and reafonable; and at all Meetings to be held under or by virtue of this Aft, the faid Commiflioners and Surveyors (hall pay an'd defray their own Expences.

XIV.	And be it further enafted. That the Proprietors and their Attor- Proprietor, to nies and Agents (hall pay their own Expences when they attend the faid e«^£'«.owi Commiflioners, or at any Meetings to be held for putting this and the

laid recited Aft into Excecution; and in fuch Cafes as the Objeftion or Approbation of the Proprietors to any Aft, Matter or Thing, to be done or propofed to be done in purfuance of the faid recited Aft and this Aft, is direfted to be made or teftified at any Meeting or Meetings, it (hall be lawful for the Proprietors to attend at fuch Meeting or Meetings by their refpeftive Agents or Proxies, whofe Afts or Votes (hall be as effeitual as if fuch Proprietors were ptclentin Pcrion.

XV.	And be it further enafted. That the Firfl Meeting of the faid Meeting,.* Comm flioners for putting this Aft into Exeecution, (hall be held at the N.ori«« to he Bull’s Heed Inn, or fome other convenient Place in Loughborough afore- an", °‘ t'"> faid, within Two Calendar Months at furtheft after the palling of this Aft j

and the faid Commiflioners are hereby required to give or caufe public Notice to be given in the Newfpaper called The Leictjler Journal, if then publilhed, and if not, then in fome other Newfpaper ufually circulated in the laid County, of the Time and Place of their Kirft and every other fubfe. qu nt Meeting for the Execution of the faid recited Aft arid this Aft, at leaft Fourteen Days before any fuch Meeting (ball be holden (Meetings by Adjournment to any future Day, not exceeding Twenty-one Days from the Day of the Adjournment, only excepted); and in cafe the major Part of the faid Commiflioners (hall not meet at the Day and Place appointed for any Meeting, or to which any Meeting (hill be adjourned, it ihali he l	lawful

2540

48* GEORGII III. Gap. 133.

lawful for the Commifiioner or Commifiioners prefent at fuel) Time and Place, and to and for the Clerk or Clerks to the (aid Commifiioners, in cafe none of the faid Commifiioners (hail attend, to adjourn the faid Meeting, to be holden on any future Day not exceeding Twenty-one Days from the Day of Adjournment, at the fame or fome other convenient Place within Ten Miles of the faid Foreft or Chace j and the Commiiiioner or Commiffioners, or Clerk or Clerks making fuch Adjournment, is and are hereby required to give Notice thereof to the abfent Commiiiioner or Commifiioners Ten Days before fuch Meeting.

Other Notice*.	XVI. And be it further enaded, That all other public Notices neceflary

or requifite to be given by the faid Commifiioners, (hall be given by Adver-tifement to be inferred in the faid Newfpaper called The Leicejier Journal, if then publifhed, and if nor, then in fome other Newfpaper ufualy circulated in the faid County of Leicejier.

For fhortening	XVII. And whereas it may (horten the Boundary Fences of the Lands

anc* Grounds 10 be divided and inclofed by virtue of this Ad, and of the Diitricis. Parifh or Parilhes adjoining thereto refpedively, if the faid Commifiioners were enabled to caufe fuch Fences to be raifed in fuch Diredion as they (hall think molt proper and convenient for fiiortening and making the fame regular; it therefore enaded, That it fliall and may be lawful to and for the laid Commifiioners, with the Confenc in Writing under the Hmd or Hands of the Lords of the faid Manors or Precinds refpedively, and with the Confent in Writing under the rel'pedive Hands of the major Part in Value of the Land Owners interested in any Common or Wade Lands, or of the Owner or Owners of any inclofed Lands (as the Cafe may be) adjoining to the faid refpedive Parilhes, Manors, Precinds, Townlhips, and Hamlets within which the Lands and Grounds hereby direded to be divided and inclofed are fituate, and alfo under the Hand or Hands, of the Owner or Owners of the Lands and Grounds upon which fuch Fence or Fences is or are intended to be made, to fet out, afeertain, and determine the Boundary Fences between the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted and incioled, and the Lands : id Grounds in fuch adjoining Parilh or Parilhes, in fuch Manner as the laid Commifiioners fnall judge proper (or thePurpofes aforefaid } and after filch Boundary Fences Shall be let out, afeert^ined, and determined as aforefaid, the lame fliall be fenced by fuch Perfon and Ptrfons, Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, in fuch Manner and at fur!i Time or Times as the faid Commifiioners in and by their Award (hall order and direCb; and all fuch Fences fnall for ever thereafter be deemed and’ taken to be the Boundary and Boundaries between the faid refpedive Parilhes, 'Maoprs, Precincts, Townlhips, and Hamlets, within which the faid Lands and Grounds to be divided and inclofed by virtue of this Act are fituate, and fuch adjoining Parifh or Parilhes; any Law, Cultom, or Uiage to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

claims cf XVIII. And be it further enaded. That all the Claims of any Right or Rights of Rights of Common upon the faid -Open Commonable Grounds or Waite be imeS gat- Lands, or any. Fart orParts thereof, to be delivered to. the faid Commif-ed, and Lit;s fioners in purfiiance of the faid recited Act, (hail (whether the fame fliall pubhftKii. ^ formai]yr objected to or not, under the Provifions. of the faid recued Act, by any Perfoi) or Perions, or Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate,

t impelled

25+1

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 13 3.

interefted or claiming to be interefted in the Premifcs) be carefully invef-ligated by t}ie faid Commiffioners, or the major lJart of them, as foon as conveniently may be after Delivery thereof: Provided always, that the laid Commiffioners (hall and they are hereby required to give Fourteen Days Notice at theleaft of their Meetings for luch Purpofe, by Advertife-ment in The Leicejler Journal, if then publiffied, and if not, then in fomc other Newfpaper circulated in the faid County of Leicejler \ and the faid Commiffioners (hall with all convenient Speed after fuch Inrcfligation of the faid Claims, caufe printed Lifts or Schedules of the fame, diftinguiffiing therein all fuch of the laid Claims to which they (hall have any Obje&ion, or to which Objections (hall have been made by any other Perfons in pur-fuance of the faid A£t, to be lodged for the Purpofe of public Inipeciion at fuch and fo many convenient Places as the faid Commiffioners (hall think proper, of which Places public Notice (hall be given by Advertifc-ment in The Leicejler Journal, if then publiffied, and if not, in fome other Newfpaper circulated in the laid County of Leicejler ; and (hall alfo caufe Copies or Extracts thereof, fo far as (hall concern or relate to the refpec-tive Claims to which Objections (hall arife or be made, to be left at the laft or ufual Places of Abode of the relpective Perfons whole Claims lhall be objected to, or of their Stewards or Agents j and any Pcrfon or Perform, Body or Bodies Po itic. Corporate or Collegiate, interefted or claiming to be interefted in the Premifes, may offer Objections to any Claim contained in fuch Schedule or Lift, within Three Months next after the aforefaid Publication thereof, by delivering the Particulars of fuch Objection to the faid Commiffioners in Writing, in Manner preferibed by the laid recited Acr, and no luch Objection lhall afterwards be received, unlels for lome legal Dilability or ipecial Caufe to be allowed by the faid Commiffioners.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That if any Doubt or Difficulty Commiffinr-/hall arife, or any Objection be made to or refpecting any Claim of Right mine^iffer'/” of Common upon the faid Open Commonable Grounds and Wafte Lands, ences, refpfft or any Part or Parts thereof refpe&ively, or if any other Difpute or so?|R't The!* Difference (hall arife between any of the Perffins or Bodies Politic, Cor- or common!’ porate or Collegiate, interefted or claiming to be interefted in the faid ic*

Open Commonable Grounds and Wafte Lands, or in any Part or Parts thereof, touching or concerning any Right or Rights of Soil, Tythesor Common in, over, or upon the fame, or any Part or Parts thereof, or the refpe£tive Shares, Rights, or Intercfts, which they or any of them have or claim to have in the fame, or touching or concerning any Allotment or Compenfation to be made in lieu thereof, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the faid Divifion, Inclo. fure, and Allotments, then and in every fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to examine into, hear, and determine the fame refpec-tively : Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall authorize Ccmmiflioiu the faid Commiffioners to determine the Title to any Mcffuages, Lands, era not to d«. Tenements, or other Hereditaments whatfoever, in refpeft whereof any	Tl“

Right of Common (hall be claimed upon the faid Open Commonable Eitate*. Grounds and Wafte Lands, or any Part or Parts thereof, but they (hall affign and let out the frveral Allotments direfted to be made unto the Per-lon or Perfons having the actual Seifin cr Pofi-ffion of the Meffuaees [L*. W iV.]	2% p	Lindt,

25 + 2

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 133.

Lands,Tentnir.its, or Hereditaments, in Right or in refpefi: whereof fudi Allotment fhall be made.

Power to aflefs Cods, relative to

difputcd Claims 01 Objections.

XX.	And be it further enacted, That in cafe the faid CommifT'.oners (hall upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objeftions, to be delivered to them in purfuance of this or of the faid recited A£t, fee caule to award any Colts, then and in fuch Cite it (hall and may be lawful to and for the laid Commiflioners, and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpofe, to lettle, alfefs, and award fuch Colts and Charges as they lhall think reafonable, to be paid either to the Public Account for or towards the Ex pence occafioned in or relating to the inveftigating, fettling, and determining of fuch Claim or Claims, if finally difallowed, or ro the Party or Parties in whofe Favour any Determination < f the faid Commiflioners fhall be made, by the Pcrfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, whofe Claim cr Claims, Objection or Objections, lhall be thereby difallowed or over-ruled ; and in cafe the Perion or Pa fans, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who lhall be liable to pay fuch Colts and Charges, lhall negledt or rctufe to pay the fame on Demand, then and in every fuch Cafe it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals directed to any Pcrfon whom-foever, to caufe luch Colts and Charges to be levied by Diltrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfcn or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, fo neglecting or refufing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Pcrfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, whofe Goods and Chattels lhall have been fo diftrained and fold, after deducting the Colts and Charges attending fuch Diftrefs and Sale.

Allowing Par- XXI. And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons, ties ro uy Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, interelted or claiming byTn iffuTat to interelted in the faid intended Divifion and Allotments, lhall be Law.	diffatisfied	with any Determination of the faid Commiflioners, touching

or concerning any Claim or Claims of the Right to the Soil of the faid Open Commonable Grounds and Waite Lands, or any Part or Parts thereof, cr of any Rights of Common, Tythes or other Rights or IntertIts in, over, or upon the Lands ai.d Grounds hereby dheCled to be divided, allotted, and incloled, or any Part or Parts thereof, then and in every fuch Cafe it lhall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, fo diffuirfied, to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter fo determined by the faid Commiflioners at the then next Affizes, or at theAflizes following the next to beholden for the faid County of Leicefier \ and for that Purpofe the. Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who fhall be fo dilfatnfied with the Determination of the faid Commiflioners, lhall caufe an Adlion to be brought upon a feigned Ifiue againfr the Perion or Perfons in whofe Favour fuch Determination fhall have been made, if the StAjcdt of fuch Determination lhall be of a partial Nature, or againft the laid Commiflioners, if the Subject of their Determination (hall be of fuch a Nature as will affect the Perions in general mtcrefted in the laid Open Commonable Grounds and Waite Lands, or in any particular Part or Parts thereof, within Nine Calendar Months next after fuch Determination of the faid a	Commiflioneis;

2543

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 133.

C- mcniffioners; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Adion or Actions OiaD, and he, (he, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies who (lull appear thereto or file Common Bail, and accept one or more Nine or Miles, whereby fuch Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on, may be cried and determined; fuch Ilfoe or Iffues to be fettled by the proper Officer of the Cou-t in which the Did Adion or Adions (hall be commenced, in cafe the Pa'lies (hall differ about the fame*, and the Verdict or Verdicts which (hall beg ven in fuch Adion or Adions, (hall be binding, final, and conckifive upon all and every Perfon and Perfons whomsoever, Body and Bodies Politic,

Corporate or Collegiate; unlcfs the Court wherein fuch Aft ion or Adion*

/hall be brought (hall fee afide fuch Verdi-£t or Verdids, and order a new Xrial to be had therein, which it (hall be lawful for the Court to do, as is ufual in other Caf-s; and after fuch Verdid or Ve<dids dial! be obtained, and not fet afide by the Court, the faid Commiffiofiers (hall and they arc hereby required to ad in conformity thereto, and to allow or difallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according 10 the Event of fuch Tiial or Trials; and after ary luch Trial in which the (aid Com-miffioners (hall be Defendants, the Colds and Charges payable by the faid Commifiioners in fuch Adion or Adions (hall be pai d and discharged out of the Monies to be railed by them for the Purpofcs cf this Ad,

XXII.	Provided always, and be it enadrd, Thar the Determination of the 0r.iD^t'^n'1" faid Comnuffioners touching luch Claim or Claims of R ghc to the Soil commiiiion-cf the faid Open Commonable Grounds and Wade Lands, or cf any ers to be final. Rights of Common, Tythes, or other Rights or Interefls in, over, or

upon the Lands and Grounds hereby direded to be divided, allotted, and inclofeci, or any Part thereof, (bail (in cafe fuch Determination (hall not be fo objeded to, or being objrded to, fuch Adion or Adions at Law fhall not be brought and proceeded in, within the Time and in Manner herein for that Purpofe mentioned) be final and conclufive upon all and every Perfon and Perfons, Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if any Perfon m cafe of

or Perfons in whofe Favour any fuch Determination as aforefaid (ball have D<ali,sof r»r-been made, and againft whom any Adion or Adions might have been A^ions^ brought if living, (hall die before any fuch Adion or Adions (hall have brought, the been brought, and b.fore the Expi ation of the Time herein-before limited 1*™'\c? on for bringing fuch Adion or Adions, it (hall be lawful for the Pcrlon or aud defended Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who might have brought luch ^amT Adion or Adions againft the Perfon or Perfons fo .dying, to bring the fame within the Time fo limited as aforelaid, againft fuch Perfon or Perfons as if adually living, and to ferve the Cleik or Clerks to the faid Com-miflioners with Procefs for commencing fuch Adion or Adions, in the fame Manner as the Party or Partus might have been ferved therewith if Jiving j and it (hall thereupon be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, or other Perfon or Perfons who (hall claim the Benefit of fuch Determination as aforefaid, to appear and defend fuch Action or Actions in the Name or Names of the Perfon or Perfons lo dead, and Proceedings fhall be had therein in the fame Manner as if fuch Pcrf n or Perfons had been actually’ living ; and the Rights of all Parties (hall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of luch Action or Actions.

XXIV. Provided

254+

Perfon* in Poflefliou not to be molefted without due Course of Law.

Trials not to fufpend the Execution cf the Powers of the Act.

ers may adjudge the Quantity and

Land, &c. but all ancient Mcfluates to be conliderd of equal Value.

48° GEORGI1 III. Cap. 133.

XXIV.	Provided alfo, ana be it further enafted, That nothing in this Aft contained (hall extend to enable the faid Commiffioners to determine any Right between any Parties contrary to the Pofiiflion of any of fuch Parties, except in Cafes of Encroachments; but in cafe the faid Commif-fiomrs fliall be of Opinion againft the Right of the Pcrfon or Perfons lb in Poflcffion, they fhall forbear to make any Determination thereupon, until the Pofleflion (hall have been given up by or rt covered from fuch Pcrfon or Perfons by Ejectment, or other due courle of Law.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That no fuch Difference, Suit, or Proceeding as aforefaid, nor any Difference, Difpuce, or Pro* ceeding touching the Title to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fhall impede or delay the faid Commiffioners in the Execution of this Aft, but the Divifion and Inclofure hereby direfted to be made, fhall be proceeded in notwithflanding any fuch Difference, Suit or Proceeding ; and the faid Commiffioners fhall, by proper Marks and Bounds, fet out the Lands and Grounds which fhall be allotted in lieu of fuch litigated Property, fo that the fame may be diftinguifhed from any other Lands and Grounds, and may be had and taken by the Pcrfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who upon the Deteimination of fuch Difference or Suit fhall be entitled to the fame.

XXVI.	Provided neverthelcfs, and be it enafted. That nothing herein contained fhail extend to preclude the Lid Commiffioners from adjudging and determining the Quantity and Value of the Lands in virtue whereof any Perfon or Pcifons fhall be allowed to have a Right of Common upon the faid Open Commonable Grounds and Waftc Lands, or any Part thereof; but the laid Commiffioners, or the major Part of them, (hall, and they are hereby authorized to adjudge and determine the Quantity and Value cf all and every fuch Lands refpectively, and rate and eftimate the fame as to them fhall feem juft and reafonable, according to the real Value thereof for Purpofcs of Hufb.mdry, without Regard to any artificial or extraordinary Value arifing from local, temporary, or other peculiar Advantage;; and fuch their Judgment and Determination fhall be binding and conciufive upon all Perfons whomfoever: Provided alfo, that nothing herein contained fhall extend to authorize the faid Commiffioners, or any of them, to confider any ancient Mefiuage or Building, or Scite thereof, in refpcct of which any Right of Common fhall be allowed, at any more or greater Value than any other ancient Mefluage or Building, or Scite thereof, but the faid C< mmiffioners fhall rate and eftimate all ancient McfTuages and Buildings ; and Scites thereof, at an equal Value one with another, and at fuch Value as they or the major Part of them fhall think meet and expedient.

TriaTofPa-11* XXVII. And be it further enacted. That if any Perfon or Pcrfoni, rochiai Boun- Body or Bodies Corpcra:e or Collegiate, fhall confider himfclf, herfelf or ?ifu«a?Law themfelves, prejudiced or aggrieved by the Determination of the faid inftead of Ap- Commiffioners refpecting the Limits or Boundaries of any Parifh, Manor, ptai to the Townfhip, Hamler, Diftrict or Place, upon the faid Open Commonable JST SCf Lands or Wafte Grounds, or of any Parifh, Manor, Townfhip, Hamlet, Diftrict cr Place adjoining thereto, as the fame fhall be fet out and ascertained by the faid Commiffioners. purfuant to the faid Act patted in the Forcy-hrfl Year of the Reign of His prefent Majcfty, and fhall, by Writing

under

2545

48® GEORG 11 HI. Cap. *33-

under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, or Seal or Seals, give Notice to the faid Comrnifiioners within "One Calendar Month next after Inch Determination, of his, her, or their Driire to h .vethe fame determined by an lflue'ac Law, indead of an Appeal to the Quarter Scffions, under the Provision of the laid lad recited ACL then and n Inch Calc it ffi a 11 be lawful for the Perfon or PerHns, B-idy. or Bodies Corporate or Collegiate, lo itiffai-isfied with Inch Determination^ to have the fame afeertained by the Trial of an I due at Law, under the Pro virions of this Adi, in Cafes of any dilputed Claims of Right.

XXVIII.	And, for the Purpofe of fettling any Difpute or D:fference

that may anfe between the LcfVor and Lefiee of any Warren or Warrens teffets of' ° of Conies, or other Manerial Rights or Privileges, which are or are Warrens, &c. intended to be hereby extinguiffied and taken away, for making Com-penfation for any Lois or LolTes to be fudained by any fuch Lcfiee in confequence of the faid intended Inclofure ; be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, on Application to them made by any fuch Lefior or Leffee, to take the Matters in queftion into their Confideration, and to order to be made to every fuch Ldfee, by the refpeftive Ldfors, fuch a fair and adequate Allowance and Compenfation, either in a grofsSum of Money, or by an annual Payment or Allowance, as the laid Commiffioners ffiall think juft and equitable, having due Regard to the Amount of Compenfation hereby made to fuch refpeftive Lelfors, for all iuch of their relpeftive Manerial Rights as are hereby extinguiffied, and the juft Pioportion which the Lelfee’s Rights, fo to be compeniated for, do or ought to bear thereto ; and in cafe luch grofs Sum of Money by way of Compenlari ,n, fo ordered by the faid Commiffioners, ffiall not be paid to the Perfon or Pcrfons entitled thereto by the Perfon or Perfons directed to pay the fame, ort Demand, then and in fuch Cafe fuch Monty ffiall be railed, levied, and recovered by the faid Commiffioners, from the Perfon or Ptrlons fo direded to pay the fame, in fuch and the farm Manner as the Cofts,

Charges and Expence's of obtaining and executing this Aft, or any Parc thereof, can or may be railed, levied, and recovered, in cafe the Money arifing from the Sale of the Lards and Grounds by this Aft direfted to be fold for the Purpofe of railing Money for defraying fuch Cofts, Charges, and Expences, ffiall not be lufficient for luch Purpo'.e.

XXIX.	And be it further enafted. That all the Allotments of Land n^keVcom-

to be made by virtue of this Aft in refp^ft of any Mcfluages, Lands, or penfation to " Hereditaments held by Leafe or Leafes at Rack Rent, or for which Leafes	aI*

no Fines are expreffiec; therein to have been paid to the Grantors or Leribrsy ofSSutT*

as theConfideracions for the fame ffiall he allotted to and held by the feveral Owners and Proprietors of fuch Mefluages, Lands, or Hereditaments freed and difeharged from all Right or Claim of fuch relpeftive Lei-fecs, to, in, or upon the faid Allotments or any Parc thereof, to be derived under or by virtue of iuch Leafes ; and in cafe any of fuch LeiTecs ffiall think himfelf, herfdf, or them'elves aggrieved thereby, and iuch Leffors andLeflees ffiall not agree reipecting the Compenfation or Allowance to be made to fuch Leffees on account, thereof, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, on Application made to them by either Party, to t<*ke the Matters in queftion into -heir Confideration, and by their Order to make unto every luch LefTee, for hh, her, and their Lofs of Ccnimcnage or other Lories by \l.9C. & Per.]	28	Q	Means

254-6	4B°GE0RGII	III.	Cap. 133-

Means of the fa.d Divifion and Inclofure, fuch a fair and adequate Allowance and Compenfation, either in Money to be paid down, or by way of Abatement or Reduftion in the Rack Rents bv :uch Leafes referved as the faid Commiffioners Dull think juft and equitable, having due Regard to the Allotment in lieu or iuch Commonage-, and if any Pafon or Ptr-fons. Body < r Bodies, Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, (hall rcfufe or nculeft to make fuch Compenlation to the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or c,olleg'aie, entitled thereto, on Demand, then and in every iuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby aurhoi ized and empowered, to raife and levy the ia.ne for theUfe and Benefit of the Pcrfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Coilegiate, entitled thereto, by iuch Ways and Means as the Celts, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act can or may be railed and levied in cafe the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be fold fhall not upon the Sale thereof have produced Money fufficient for fuch Puipofe.

No'Tui f to be XXX. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons after

\lrtile pairing the paffing of this Aft (hall cut, dig, get, or t<-ke away any of the Tutf

0t'dhe^heP or Soil of the Grounds or L nds to be inclofed by virtue of this Aft, foranyXJfe or Purpofe whatfoever, or under any Right, Privilege or Claim, or Pretence of Right, Privilege, or Claim wharfoever (other than and except the Lords of the faid feveral and refpeftive Manors or the faid Owners of Soil refpeftively, for the Purpofe of opening any Mine or Mines, or digging or fearching for any Minerals) then and in every fuch Cafe, upon due Proof made before the faid Commiffioners on Oath, which Oath the faid Commiffioners are hereby empowered to adminifter, the faid Com-miffioners (hall and they are hereby required, by Warrant under thtir Hands and Seals, directed to any Perlon or Perfons whomsoever, to caufe any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied by Difttefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Pcrfon or Perfons fo offending in the Premifes, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand to the Pcrfon or Perfons whofe Goods and Chattels fhall be fo diftiained and fold, after deducting the Cofts and Charges attending fuch Diftrefs and Sale ; and the Money fo to be levied as aforefaid fhall be applied towards the Payment of the Cofts, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Aft.

Perfons who have enjoyed Commonage for F ’rty Years, to be confidtredto have a Right •f Common.

XXXI.	And be it further enafted. That all and every Perfon and Perfons being Owner or Owners of any Mcffuages, ancient Buildings or S ites 'thereof. Lands or Tenements, in whatfoever Manor, Parifh, Townfhip, Conftablsry, Hamlet, or Place, the fame are fituate, the Owners or Occupiers whereof for the Time being have for Forty Years laft pafl had and nftually enjoyed any Right or Rights of Common upon the faid Open Commonable Grounds and Waite Lands, or any Par: or Parts thereof refpeftively, for and in refpeft of fuch Mcffuages, ancient Buildings, Scires, Lands or Tenements refpeftively (lave and except any Right of Common by Vicinage) fhall be deemed and taken to have, in refpeft of fuch their Eftates, a Right of Common upon the feia Open Commonable Grounds or Wafte Lands, or the Part or Parts thereof refpeftively to which Iuch Ufage fhall have extended, without (hewing any other Title than fuch Ufage-, and be entitled to have an Allotment or Allotments of the fame refpeftively, in the lame Proportion,

as

547

zj.8* GEOPvGII III. Cap, 133.

as other Pcrfons entitled to Common thereon refpedivdy (hall be enti led unto, Regard being had to ti e particular yearly Values of their respective Eftates in refped whereof they have enjoyed or are entitled to fuch Right of Common: Provided neverthelefs, That th Provi-fion laft hereinbefore contained (hall not in any Wife affed any Parifhes,

Hamlets, Places or Perfom, having or claiming Right of Common upon the laid Commonable Grounds and Wafte Lands or any Parc thereof refpedively, other than luch as (hall claim under f ell Pro-vifton, if they (hall be able to fupport fuch Claims, independant of fuch Enjoyment, in cafe the (ame (hall happen to be objected to or con-tefted.

XXXII.	And be it further enaded, That all Intakes and Encroachments

made on the laid Open Commonable Grounds and Wafte Lands within the aiiotuble.

Laid refpedive Manors and PI ices, and which have been made within the Space of Sixty Years now laft paft, and for which no Licence, Confent or Grant (hall have been obtained from the Lord or Lords of fuch re* fptdive Manors, (hall be deemed and conlidered Parc and Parcel of the faid Grounds andLmdsto be allotted and inclofed, as if the fame were adualiy lying open and unincloied.

XXXIII.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That in cafe any fuch Encroach-,^^ Intakes or Encroachments (hall lie or be fituate next or adjoining to Garen- JJ*11Gaieidori don Park afore faid, fuch Intakes or Encroachments lhall be allotted to Park,

the Lord or Lords of the Manor of Sheepjhead.. if the faid Commiflioners LoS'ofdie fh ill judge fuch Lord or Lords to be entitled by virtue of this Ad, to the Manor of Quantity of Land contained in fuch Intakes or Encroachments; and slieePftiea(;k. fuch Allotment when fo made (hall be and be deemed to be in full Satisfaction of the Whole or Part of the Allotment to be made to fuch Lord or Lords, by virtue of this Ad, as the cafe may be.

XXXIV.	And be i t further enaded, That all Bufhes and Pollards gro w- Power for ing upon the faid Open Commonable Grounds and Wafte Lands Manors*"to re-refpedivelv, (hall be allotted to the feveral and refpedive Lords of the move Budie*. Manors or other Owners of the Soil whereon the fame refpedively grow, or their fefpedive Aflignees thereof, who lhall nave Power to remove and convert the fame to their own refpedive Ufe and Benefit, within fuch Time or Times as the faid Commiflioners lhall dired or appoint.

XXXV.	And be it further ensded. That the faid Commiflioners (hall Lan4 t0 be mark and fet out fuch Part and Parts of the laid Open Commonable Grounds and Wafte Lands refpedively as by she Sale thereof will, together Expencss*. with Lands and Grounds to be (old to the Company of Proprietors of the Leicejler Navigation in Manner herein direded, in the Judgement of the Laid Commiflioners raife a fuffieient Sum of Money to defray and difeharge -all the Cells. Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and palling of this Ad, and of preparing and inrolling the Award to be made by the laid Commiflioners, and a Copy thereof, and of furveying, admeafuring, planning, valuing, dividing, fencing (as herein direded) and allotting the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclofed by virtue of this Ad, and all the Charges of the faid Commiflioners, their Afleflors, Clerks, Afliftants and Servants, and all the other necefiary Lxpences of the feveral Perfons to be employed by the faid Commiflioners

2.54^	48° GEORGII III. Cap. 133.

in and about the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclofed

by virtue of this Aft, and all the Expences of forming, completing, and repairing the Public Carriage Roads and Highways to be fet out and appointed by the ‘aid Commiflioner, in, over, or upon the faid Lands and Grounds, and of ting-fencing tne Allotments herein directed to be made inlieu of Tythes, andail other Expences of carrying this Aft intoExecution, and the laid Commiflioners Ihali and they are hereby required 10 fell the Hands and Grounds fo marked and fet out in fuch Allotment or Allotments as co them (hail feem right and proper, to any Pei Ion or Perfons, for the bt.fl Price or Prices that can be gotten for the fame by public Auction or Auftions to be holden for that Porpofe of which Auction or Auctions refpecuvcly Six Weeks previous Notice (hall be given ; and the Perfor or Perfons fo purchafing the fame at fuch public ..Auction Ihall immediarely pay (by W iy or Depofit) into the Hands of the Paid Com m if-fioners, or fuch Pcrfon or Perfons as they fhall direft and appoint. One Tenth Part of hr , her, or their Purchafe Money, and ihall pay the Remainder thereof within Three Calendar Months next after the fa id Sale, or at fuch other Time as the faid Commiflioners fiia.. appoint, and in Default thereof the Money fo depofited fhall be forfeited, and fhall be applied in carrying this Aft into Execution •, and the Allotment or Allotments for which the whole of luch Purchase Money fhall not have been fo paid, or for which there thail be no Bidding at fuch Auftion, fhall be again put up to bale, and fold by public Auftion in Manner aforefaid, for the befl Price or Prices that can be gotten for the fame, or be fold by the faid Commiflioners by private Contraft,for any Sum or Sums not Ids than the remaining Nine-tenths of the Price or refpeftive Prices for which the fame was or were refpeftively before fold, or the Amount of one Bidding above the Sum or refpeftive Sums at which the fame was or were refpeftively put up at the laid former Auftion ^ and every Allotment for which the full Purchafe Money fhall be paid, fhall immediately thereupon be abfolutely dilcharged, of and from all Common Tythes and other Rights thereon or therein and be veiled in Fee Simple in and be enclofed and thenceforch held in Severalty by luch Purchafer or Purchafers thereof refpeftively, as his, her or their private and abfolute Property (fubjeft only to thefeigniorial Rights of the Lords of the refpeftive Manors in which luch Lands Ihall lie or be lituate) and fhall be allotted accordingly by the laid Commiflioners; and. die faid Purchafe Money fhall be applied by the faid Commiflioners in defraying fuch Colls, Charges, and Expences as afoiefaid.

Purchafer? of XXXVI. And be it further enafted. That the Perfon or Perfons who Land ft;d for (hall become the Purchaler or Purchafers of the faid Lands fo to be allotted Ex'1 ences^of an<^ f°r Pufppfes aforefaid, their Heirs and Afligns, fhall be the^A'** fhall fubjeft and liable to the making and keeping in Repair all or fuch Parc ihe ofier'of	^*,n8	Fences	thereof, as fhall be direfted by the faid Commiflioners

the Commit or the major Part of them, and alfo for the due Obfervance and Perfor-fioner*. mance of all Orders, Matters, Charges, and Direclions, to be made, laid down, and appointed by theiaid Commiflioners inand bytheirAward,intnelikc Manner as if fuch Lands had been allotted to luch Purchafer or Purchafers, his or thtir Heirs or Afligns, for or in refpeft of any Right in, over, or upon the: faid Open Commonable Grounds and Wafle Lands j but no fu h Purchafer or Purchafers fhall be fubjeft or liable co the Payment of the Charges and Expences of obtaining this Aft, or carrying the fame into Execution.

10

XXXVII. And

XXXVII.	And be it further enaded, That if any Perfcn or Perfoni Mr^/advan-fhail advance any Sum or Bums of Money for defraying the Exigences of piM<j wi.h in-obtaining and palling this Ad, or of carrying the fame into Execution, tti-cft. every fuch Perfon fhali be repaid the fame with filtered after the Rate

of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, out oi the fi-ll Monies that fnali. be railed or received by the fa:d Comtr.ifliJiiers or any of them by virtue of this Ad, for defraying fij. h Expcncts.

XXXVIII.	Provided always, and be it ensded, That in ca’e any of ous^^rT"

the Pcifons ime-refted in the faid intended Divifion and IncLfure, lhall iU,SM0«cy'"IL be defirous of having the Whole of rhetor refpe&ive Shares and Allot-	e_

ments of the faid Open Commonable Grounds and Wade Lands let out ratlon of &i* and allotted to them, without any Abatement for or in refpect of the Sales Powers of herein-before directed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and ihall by themielves s“e’

or Agents fignify the fame in Writing to the fa;d Commiflioneis or the major Part of them, at the Time of delivering in their refpe&ive Claims as herein directed, or within Iuch Time afterwards as (hall be limited and prescribed by the laid Commiflioners, then and in every fuch Cafe the faid Commiflioners lhall and they are hereby authorized and directed to fet out and allot to fuch Perfons refpedively all fuch Shares and Proportions of the faid Open Commonable Grounds and Wade Lands as they would have been lever ally entitled unto under and by vi.tue of this Ad, in cafe no Provifiuii had been hereby made (or Sale of any Part of the fame Wade Lands, and without any DeJudion or Abatement whatfo-ever on that Account; and to ad;ud and fettle what Sum and Sums of Money ought to be borne and paid by fuch leveral Perfon?, theii Heirs or Afligns, for and in refped of their fcveral and relptd.ve prrporcionable Shares of the Charges and Experts aforefaid; the fame to be paid and recovered in fuch and the fame Manner and under fuch and the fame Powers and Authorities as lierein-aftcr provided with refped to any Deficiency in the Monies to arife by Sale as aforefaid ; provided nevcrthelefs, chat nothing herein contained (hall give to the laid Commiflioners any Power to charge fuch Perions with any Part of the Expences attending or occafioned by the Sales herein-before directed.

XXXIX.	And whereas by an Aft made in the Thirty-full Year of the

Reign of His prelenc Majelly, intituled, An Ail for making and maintain- Land to the ing a Navigable Communication between tke Loughborough Canal and the Leiccfter Na-Town of Leicefter, and for making and maintaining a Communication by Rail- pauy.°l C'°m ways or Stone Roads and Water Levels from five*-a I Places and Mines to the fata Loughborough Canal, and for continuing the fame by faffing along the faid Canal to the faid Navigable Communication, all in the County of Leicefter, certain Perfons were incorporated by the Name and Style of “ The Company of Proprietors of the Lticejler Navigation,” and were enabled to make ufeof certain Lards and Grounds for thePtnpofcs of the faid Canal,

Reletvoirs, and other Works, making Ricompence and Satisfaction to the Perfons interred in fuch Lands and Grounds for the Ufe thereof: And whereas fundry Parts of the faid Open Commonable Grounds and Waite Lands have been taken and ufed by the faid Company of Proprietors for the Purpofes of their Canal, Refervoirs, and other Works, and no Recom-pence or Satisfaction hath been made for the Purchafe of the lame; be it therefore enacted, That the faid Company of Proprietors lhall'and they arc hereby required to pay unto the faid Commiflioners acting in Execution of this Ad, fuch Sum or Sums of Money as the "faid Company of Propric-[Lgc. Es? Peri]	28 R	tor*

= 55°

Surplus pro duced by Sales, ' b: divided between Pro-

48°GEORG1I III. Cap. 133.

tors and the faid Comtnifiioners, or the major Part of them, fhall mutually agree to be a fair Recompcr.ce and Satisfaction for fuch Parrs of the laid Open Commonable Grounds and Waftc Lands as have been fo taken and ul’ed by the faid Company of Proprietors--; but if within Fourteen Days after being thereunto required by Notice in Writing given to the Clerk or Treaturer or known Agent or Agents of the faid Company of Proprietors, figned by the faid Commilfioners or the major part of them, the /aid Company of Proprietors fhall fail or omit to enter into any fuch Agreement, then and in Inch Cafethey fhall and they are hereby required to pay lu hSum or Sums of Money to the laid Commilfioners a; lha!l be fcffefSfd and ascertained by the Commiffibners appointed by and in purfuance of the faid Aft of the Thirty-firft Year of His prefent Majrfty, tor the Purpo'e of determining and adjulting what fhall be paid by the faid Company of Proprietors for the Pun hale of Lands uled or taken for rhe Purpotei' of the faid Canal, Rcfervoirs, and other Works, or by a Jury, to be a fair Recant-pence and Satisf.ftion for the lame; and fucti Jury (hall be impannelled, fummoned, and returned in the lame Manner, and under the fame Reftric-tionc, and fhall be guided by the fame Rules, Orders, and R gulations as are in that Behalf direfted . nd contained in the faid recited Act, made in the Thirty-firft Year of the Reign of His prefent M jefty; and when it ihall be fo agreed, determined, or a Hefted and afeertained (as the Cafe may be) what Sum or Sums of Money is or are fuch fair Recompence and Satisfaction as afoiefaid, the Lid Company of Proprietors fhall (upon Notice in Writing under the Handsot the- fud Commilfioners for executing this Aft, or the major Part of them, for that Purpo'e being delivered to the Chrk or Treasurer cr known Agent or Agents of the faid Company of Proprietor*.) and they are hereby required forrhwih to pay the fame unto the faid Commilfioners at fuch Time and Place in the laid Town of Loughborough ?s fhall be fpecified in fuch Notice; and in cafe the faid Company of Propnetors fhall omit to pay or tender or cauie to be paid or tendered fuch Sum or Sums of Money as fh .il have been fo agreed and determined or afleffed and afeertained as aforefaid (as the C .fe may be) it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commilfioners, in their own Names, tofuef -r and recover the fame from the faid Company of Proprietors in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Weftminfier; and no fuch Aft ion or Suit fhall abate or difeontinne by the D-ath of any of the fdid’Cnmmiflioners; and fuch Sum and Sums of Money when fo obtained, recovered, and received bv 1 he faid Comtniffioners, Ihall be by them applied in Aid of the Cofts, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and putting this Aft into Execution:	Provided	neverthelcfs,

that the laid Cominiffioners (hall, in the Allotments herein-after direfted to be made to the Lords or Owners of rhe Soil, and Perfons entitled to the Tyihes of the Lands fo taken and ufed by the faid Company of Proprietors, make and allow a Compenfation to fuch Lords or Owners of Soil for One-fourteenth Part, and to fuch Tythe Owners for One-ninth Part ot the Monies fo received by the faid Commilfioners, according to the Quantity of Land to the Soil or Tyihes whereof fuch Perfon or Pcr-lons are or fhall appear to be refpectively entitled.

XL. And be it further enafted, That in cafe fuch Part or Parts of the faid Open Commonable Grounds and Wafte Lands hereby direfted to :	be	fold as herein-btfore mentioned, fhall be fold for more Money than

wiii be required to defray fuch Cofts, Charges, and Expences as aforefaid,

then

45“GEORGII III. Cap. 133.	2551

then and in fuch Cafe fuch Surplus Money (hall be divided and apporrioned	t^ee

between the fevcral Proprietors of and Perfons interefted in the Lands i'hlirlntereft*, hereby direfted to be divided and inclofed, fave and except the and between ieveral Owners arid Proprietors of Tythes and the Surveyors of Highways, p^miet-ort, in luch Shares as (hall be in proportion to luch their jeipeftive Property, direfl-d hf Rights, and Inrereft ; and (he rcfprftive Shades of fuch of them a fliall	41 G' 3>

be Tenants in Fee Simple of their refpeftive Allotments, dull be paid to them refpeftively ; and the Shares of fuch other Proprietors or Perfons of and in fuch Surplus Money, (hall be applied and difpofed of in Manner di efted by the laid recited Aft of the Forty-firft Year of H:s perfent Majelly, in cafe any Money is to be paid for the Purchafe or Exchange ot any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchale of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be fettled t-o the fame Ufes.

XLI. And be it further enafted, That all the Cods Charges, and	?x'h

r-*	•	.	1	\ n D t j Fencc* rne

Lxpences of obtaining and executing this Aft, in calc the Money railed A-t, tj be by Sale of the Lands herein direfted to be fold (hall be inefficient to raifed byRate. defray the lame, (hall be borne and defrayed by the feveral Perfons to whom any Allotment or Allotments (hall be made by virtue of this Aft (lave and except the feveral Owners and Proprietors of Tyrbeg, for or in refpeft of rhe feveral Allotments made to them, as iucb Owners and Proprietors of Tythes, and fave and except the Surveyors of the Highways for the Time being, for or in relpeft of the Allotments hereby direfted to be made to them as Surveyors) ; and ali luch Cods, Charge*, and Expcnces, together with the Proportions theieof to be made by the feveral Perlons hereby made liable totthc Payment theieof, (hall be fettled and adjufted by the faid Commiffioners, and (hall be paid at fuch Time and Place, and to fuch Pcrfon or Perfons as the faid Commiffioners (hall appoint, either before or after, the Execution of their faid Award.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That the faid bT^j’.ffcd Commiffioners (hall and they are hereby required to adjud and fettle the according to Cods, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Aft and alfo regulate the Sales herein direfted to be made for defraying the fame. Rights, and the Application of any Surplus Monies, as well as ali fuch Rate or Rates 2s they may have Occafion tomakeinpurluar.ee cf this Aft i fo and in fuch Manner as that fuch Perfons as are intereded in the faid Fored or Chace, or any Part or Parts thereof only, (hall not be charged for or in refpeft of any additional Expence attending or occasioned by the Inclofure of the faid Plain, or more than a fair Proportion according to the Extent of their refpeftive Rights ; but that the Charges and Expences arorclaid may be borne and pain by the Perfons interefted in the faid Foteft or Chafe . nd the faid Plain, and every Pait thereof refpeftively, in due and juft Proportions.

XLUI. And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiffioners (hail Allotments and they are hereby required, as foon as conveniently may be after fettirg out Public Roads and Highways, as by the faid recited Aft ot the Forty-firft Year of His prefent Majcfty*s Reign direfted, to fet out and allot unto and for the Surveyors of the Highways of the feveral Parifties, Con-ftdbleries, Hamlets, Townfbips, and Places within which the laid Open 8	Cominonabie

• ' 5 -	4-8‘GEORGII III. Cap. i

Commonable Grounds and Waite Lands refpeftively lie, fo much and fie P,rt or Parts of the laid Grounds and Lands to be inclofed, and in

fuch Places as the laid Ccmrwiffioners lhail think proper, for getting Stone, Grave), or other Materials for the Repairs from Time to Time i.-r - ver, of rhe public and private Roads and Highways within luch jcluc&ivc Parifhrs, Conftabieries, Hamlets, Tcwfllhips and Places j and tlit Grafs and Herbage ariOng thereon refpe&ivety Ihall be and the fame hereby v« fled in the laid refpt&ive Surveyors of the Highways for the Tims being, who lhali lrt the lame, and account rrfpecting the Rents Profits thereof in the f.me Manner as they arc by Law liable to account tor other Monies colicded and received by them as Suivcjors as atorefaid.

, as XI.IV’. And He i: further enaSrd, That all fuch Private Roads and <r.a :s B .(.ways and Fo t-vays as fhall be fet out by the laid CommiOioners in or ovcr ^'d ^ptn ConimonabL Grounds and W..ftc Lands, purfuanL .. -m • .-n to the Dircft ons contained in the find recited A ft of the Porty-firft Year "a F^'s Pre,cnt Majefty’s Reign, Ihall be formed and completed, and for c m.: if ev. r afterwards kept in Repair, by and at the Expence or the fame Peifons, fion=isArtarJ. ancj |n jjkc Manner as is by fuch Acl direded with rtfped to public Roads;

except !o far as the laid Commiffioners IhaH in and by their Awa d make other Order or Dirtdion concerning the fame.

Watercouifts	XLV. And be it further enaded, That it Ihall and may be lawful to

may beturned. an(j for th,. faid Commiffioners, anl they arc hereby empowered, to dhe£t, order, and award all Streams of Water, Springs, and Wateicouifes within the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and incloled, to be carried and conveyed in fuch Courfes and through fuch of the faid Lands and Groan 's fo hereby intended to be divided and inclofed, as they in their Difcretion Ihall think, neceflary and proper for the Purpofe afore-faid : Provided always, that no fuch Streams of Water, Springs, or Water-couvfes, IViall be diverted or turned without the Conlent of the Perfon or Peifons from and into whofe Lands the fame fhall be carried or conveyed.

XLVI. Provided neverthelefs, That nothing herein contained Ihall Brook; not to authorize or empower the laid Commiffioners or any other Perfon or be diverted, Perfons to change, alter, or divert theCourie of a certain Brook called Shortcliff Brook or Hurft now running into Garendon^zxV from and out of the fatdForeft or Chace; cr of a certain Rivuiet or Brook on which an ancient Water Mill within the Predndt of Ulverfcroft, belonging to the Reverend John Staunton Doctor of Laws, is fituate, running f om thence through Newtown Linford into Bradgate Park ; or certain Springs, Streams, or Watercourfis riling in Little Hills under Broombriggsy and running into Beaumanor Park by the Corner of Woodhcufe Eaves; or anyof the Springs, Streams, or Watercourfes by which the faid Brooks are now lupplied with Water; or to make any Order or Direction to the Prejudice of any other Perfon or Perfons entitled to the Benefit of any Stream of Water, Spring cr Watercourfe.

Allotments XLVII. And be it further enabled, That the faid Commiffioners fhall for Common an(j they are hereby required to let out and appoint fuch Part or Parts of anTv^terhfg the faid Open Commonable Grounds and Waite Lands, and in fuch Place Places.	Or

2553

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 133.

or Places as they in their Dilcretion (hall think requifite or proper, for common Stone Quarries, common Watering Plates for Cattle, and common Walhpits for Sheep.

XI.VIII. And be it further enafled, That as foon as conveniently may be after the Survey and Value of the laid Forcft lhall have been completed, it /hall and may be lawful to and for the Lid Commifiioners, and they cf a chapef are hereby authorized and required to feparate and let apart fuch Pieces ^'r' or Parcels of Land in fuch Place or Places in the faid Foreft as they Foreft, fhall think proper, and which in their Judgement (Quantity, Quality $nd Situation confidtred) fhall be equal in Value to Two hundred Acres, at the average Value of the faid Foreft, having Regard in fetcing out the fame to the refpe&ive Extent and Value of fo much and fuch Paitand Parts of the faid Foreft, as is or are wichin the Eccleflaftical Peculiar Exempt Jurifdi&ion of Grooby aforefaid, and of the Refidue of the faid Foreft not included in fuch exempt JurifdicHon, and to allot and award fomuch and fuch Part and Parcs of the faid Two hundred Acres, as fhall be proportionate to the Extent and Value of the Parts of the faid Foreft, included in the faid Peculiar, unto and for the Lord of the Manor and Eccldiaftical Peculiar Exempt Jurifdi&ion of Grooby aforelVd, and the Commiftary of the fame Junl'diction, and their SuccdTors for the Time being, and all the Reft and Refidue of fuch Two hundred Acres, unto and for the Lord Biftiop of Lincoln, and the Archdeacon of Leicefter, and the Lords of the fevcral Manors of Wbilwick, Beaunancr, Sheeps bead, Ulvefcroft* and Belton aforefaid, for the Time being, to be refpeclively held and enjoyed by the refpdftive Perfons aforefaid, and their SuccdTors and Heirs, as Freehold in Fee, for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon and Perfons as may be duly appointed to lerve as Minifter or Minifters of any Chapel or Chapels which may hereafter be built, confecrated, and let apart for the public VVorfnip of Almighty God, according to the Laws Eccldiaftical of this Realm within the faid Foreft, for the Ufe of fuch Perfon and Perfons as may from Time to Time inhabit Houfcs upon the faid Foreft ; and the Nomination and Appointment of the Minifter or Minifters of fuch Chapel or Chapels fhall be and is hereby veiled in the Lords of the fcveral Manors of Grooby, Whitwuk* Beaumanor* Sbecpfhead, Uivefcroft, and Belton for the l ime being *, and in cafe of their not agreeing in fuch Nomination and Appointment, then the fame fliall and may be made by the major Part of them j and in cafe of their being equally divided, then and asofeen 2s it fhall fo happen, the Nomination to any Chapel or Chapels to be ere&ed within the Limits of the faid Exempt Jurifdi&ion of Grooby fhall be made by the Ordinary of the faid Jurifdi&ion, and to any Chapel or Chapels to be built on any Parc or Parts of the faid Foreft, not included in the faid Peculiar Jurifdi&ion of Grooby, by the Lord Bifhop of the Dioc&e, for luch Turn or Turns only, and until a Chapel or Chapels fhall be fo built ajid confecrated, and a Minifter or Minifters thereof duly appointed, the Rents, LTues and Profits ot fuch Pieces or Parcels of Land as aforefaid, fhall be by the faid refpe&ive Tru(tees thereof placed out at Intereft on Government Securities, and the Principal and Intereft Monies arifingor to arile from fuch Rents and Profits fhall accumulate and be applied cowards difchaiging the Expencea of building any Chapel or Chapels, and Houle or Houles, which may here* after be ere&ed and built within the faid Foreft, for the Refidence of the officiating Minifter or Minifters of fuch Chapel Of Chapels, and for [Loc.	Per.']	*8 $	the

2554	4^° GEORGII III. Cap. 133.

their.creafing of the Stipend or Stipends of any Minifteror Minifters who may be fo nominated and appointed to officiate in fuch Chapel or Chapels as aforefaid, or purchafing Lands for his or their Ufe as Glebe.

Allotments XLIX. And be it further ena&ed, That the Did Commiflioners fliall o?Manors suid anc^ l^ey are hereby authorized and required to fee out and allot unto and OwnsrTcf	for fhe feveral Lords of the leveral and refpedive Manors within which

Soil.	the faid Open Commonable Grounds and Wafle Lands are refpedively

fituate, lying, and being, and unto and for all and every other Perfon or Perfons who is, or fliall appear to be entitled to the Soil of any Part of the faid Open Commonable Grounds and Wafte Lands rdpedively (exclufive of any other Allotments or Compenfation to be made to them refpedively by virtue of this Ad, either as Owner or Owners of Tvthes, or for Commonage in refped of any Mefluages, Cottages, Scites, Lmds or Tenements, in the refpedive Pofleflions or Occupations of themfeives or their refpedive Tenants or Lefiees) fo much and fuch Part and Parts of the Grounds and Lands to be inclofed within their refpedive Manors or Portions of Soil, as they tne faid Commiflioners fhall adjudge to be equal in Value to One-fourteenth Part of the fame refpedively, after the Allotments for Roads and Repairs of Roads, and for ereding and building of a Chapel or Chapels, and making Proviflon for the MinUter or Minifters thereof (hall be made ; due Regard and Confideration being had by the faid Commiflioners to the Quantity, Quality, and Situation of the fame; and fuch refpedive Fourteenth Parts (hall be for ever held and enjoyed in Severalty by the faid feveral and repedive Lords and Owners of the Soil and their refpedive Heirs and Afligns, free, exempt, and abfolutely difeharged of and from all Manner of Tythes and Right of Common whatfoever.

Allotments to L. And be it further enaded, That the faid Commiflioners fliall and vicar”’ nd	arc ^creby a^° authorized and required to fee out and allot to and for

©£8Tythe»	^veral Redors, Impropriators, and Vicars, and to and for all and

Ownen every other Perfon orPerfons who is, are, or fhall appear to be entitled to any Tythes which may arife, renew, or increafe from the faid Open Commonable Grounds and Wafte Lands, or any Part or Parts thereof when inclofed, fo much and fuch Part and Parts of the fame Open Commonable Grounds and Wafte Lands to the Tythes whereof he, lhe, and they is, are, or fhall appear to be refpedively encided, as in the Judgement of the faid Commiflioners (hall be equal in Value to One full Ninth Part (after the feveral Allotments for Roads and Repairs of Roads and Chapels fhall be made as herein directed) of fuch Open Commonable Grounds and Wafte Lands refpedively, to the Tythes whereof fuch Perfon fliall be fo entitled; and all Encroachments whatfoever on or from the fame refpedively ; and fuch Allotments for Tythes fliall be apportioned where neceflary in Manner herein-after mentioned; and fuch Allotments fhallbe and be deemed andtaken to be in lieu of and as a full Compenfation and Recompence for all Tythes both Great and Small, and all Ecclefr-aftical Dues and Payments whatfoever arifing, renewing, happening, or increafmg, or which can, fhall, or may hereafter arife, renew, happen or increafe, from or within any of the Lands or Grounds, for or in refped of the Tythes whereof fuch Allotments fhallbe made (Eajier Offerings, Mortuaries and Surplice Fees only excepted.)

3

LI. And

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 133.	2555

LI. And be it further enabled, That when and as foon as the Lands Tythesu-and Grounds to be fet out and allotted as aforefaid as and for a Satisfaction a.'otmcnts or Compenfation for Great and Small Tythes, (hall b; inclofed and bti. g fencccr, fenced in Manner by this Ad dirc&.'d, all tire Lands and Grounds by this Ad directed to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, and all Encroachments whatfoever in <r upon the fame, (hall be and the fame are hereby declared to be freed, difcharged, and exonerated of«nd from all Tythes both Great and Small, and all other Ecdrfiaftical Dues 2nd Payments whatlbever (Mortuaries, Eq/ier Offerings, and Surplice Fees excepted) arifing, renewing, happening, or increasing out of or from ali fuch Lands and Grounds and Encroachments as aforefaid.

LII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the faid Commidioners s.rtriivtfion to (hall and they are hereby required to fubdivide, aflign, and allot the Allotment and Allotments fo to be made for Great and Small Tythe* unto forTyt»i« and between the feveral and refpedtive ReCtors, Vicars, and other Prrfons	tc>

entitled to fuch Great and Small Tythes, their refpective Succeffors, Heirs 1 's *u' and Afiigns, in fuch Shares aad Proportions as the laid Commiflloners (hall adjudge and determine to be a juft; Satisfaction and Compenfat>ofrt for their rrfpeftive Rights and Interefts in and to fuch Great and Small Tythes,and other EcclefiafticalDues and Payments as aforefaid (Mortuaries,

Eojler Offerings, and Surplice Fees excepted.)

LIII. Provided always, and be it further enr&ed, That nothing herein1 m0, tODrj_ cof.taihed Oiall prejudice or take away the Right cf any Redtor Or V.car,*iuri|‘-C K'g^t or other Perfon whomfoever, to any Modules or o her Payments in lieU1 of Tythes (except Inch Tythes in refped whereof the laid Allotments (hall be made) Surplice Fees, Eafter Offerings, or Mortuaries, to them refpedivcly due and payable within their refpective Purdhes, Conftableries or Tythings.

LIV: And be it further enacted. That the faid Commiffioners ftnll TheRefwhw and they are hereby authorized andfequiicd, in the next Place, to allot j° j’,1/‘ and fet out the Refidue of the faid Open Commonable Grounds and 5-ur Wafte Lands refpectively, to and amongft all and every the Pc-funs. ; entitled to Commonage in, over, or upon the fame refpectively> or inv Part or Parts thereof refpectively, in Proportion to the real Value of their feveral and refpective M ffuages, Cottages or Scites of Me(Tuage>, or Cottages, Lands, and Tenements, in refped whereof they are entitled to fuch Right of Common, and to the Part or Parts of the Lands to be inclofed in, over or upon which their refpective R ghts of Common (hall extend •„ due Regard being had in fettling the Quantum of each Allotment to the Quality and Situation of the Land to be comprized therein and thalf alfo fet out and award every Pcrfon’s Allotment as near to his McffiHge' or Mefluages, Cottages, Scites, Lands and Tenements, in relpeet whereof he is or (hall be entitled to fuch Right of Common, as conveniently may be.

LV. Provided always and be it enacted, That in cafe the faid- Com mi:-fioners (hall find it needfary and expedient to fet out the Whole or any E Part or Parts of any Encroachments in or upon the faid Open Common, able Grounds and Wafte Lands refpectively, for public ot private Road-, ' Ways, or Drains, then and in fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawf the faid Commiflioriers to fet out the frtftC, in fuch Manner as to them fhallfecm meet and convenient.

LVI. Provided

Tythc* and other Allotments, how to be fenced,

2556	48° GEORGII III. Cap. nz.

Com,nlf‘ LVI. P.ovided alfo, and be it enacted. That it (hall and maybe lawful laayjbefore for the laid Commiffioners, at any Time before executing their Award, executing to make any Alterations in the Allotments and Fences which they may aker AlTot-^* have fet out and ordered, or private Roads made over or co fuch Allotment* and ments, as they lhall think expedient; and in cafe any Perfon or Pcrlons pnvate jtoads, (hall be injured by any fuch Alteration or Alterations, on account of any Expences which he, (he, or they may have incurred, the faid Commiffioners (hall afeerrain and determine what Recompence (hall be made to him, her, or them, and (hall direct by whom and in what Manner fuch Recompence (hall be made.

LV1I. And be it further enacted. That the fevera! Oufermoftor Ring Fences of the feveral and refpective Pieces or Parcels of Land to be allotted in lieu or and as a Compenfition for Great and Small Tythesas aforefaid, (hall be properly planted with good Hawthorn Quickfets, and guarded on each Side with a double Row of Oak, Afh or Elm Pods and Rails, and a fufficient Ditch on each Side, or fhall be made of good and diffident Stone Walls, or in fuch other Manner as the faid Commiffioners (hall think proper and fufficient, together with fuch proper Gates and Oak Pods, in fuch Manner as the faid Commiffioners (hall dirt d and appoint, without any Deduction cr Deductions from fuch Allotment cr Allotments fo to be made to the feveral Perfons entitled to fuch Great and Small Tythes, their refpective Succefibrs, Heirs cr Affigns, or any of them, on account of fuch Expences ; and all fuch Fences or fuch Part or Parts thereof as thefaidCommiffionersffiall direct, (hall forever after the making thereof be kept in Repair by the Perfon cr Perfons who for the Time being fhall be entitled to fuch Allotment or Allotments ; and allFencesin purfuance of this Ad to be made, for dividing and inclofing the Refidue of the faid Open Commonable Grounds and Wade Lands, (hall be made, and at all Times for ever thereafter repaired and maintained by and at the Expence of the Proprietors intereded in fuch Refidue, in fuch Parts and Proportions, and within fuch Time and in fuch Manner as the faid Commiffioners fhall in and by their Award dired or appoint.

LVIII. And be it further enaded, That all and every the Gates, Hedges, Prcvifioa Ditches, Walls, and Fences, which in purfuance of this Act (hall be Fence»in&c	t0 he made for inclofing the Land which (hall be allotted in

of the Earl of heu of Right of Common appurtenant to or in tefped of any Mefluages, S'amford anti Cottages, Scites, Lands or Hereditaments, now holden for one or more Life or Lives, or fjr Years determinable upon one or more Life or Lives by or under any Leafe or Leafes of or from the faid Earl of Stamford and Warrington, or any of his Anceflors, (hall be made andafter-wards maintained for the Term of Seven Years, at the Cods and Charges of the Perfon or Perfons who for the Time being (hall be entitled to th« Reverficn of fuch Leafehold Prcmifes immediately expedant on the Termination of the fame Leafes refpedively ; and after the Expiration of the laid Term of Seven Years, all fuch Gates, Hedges, Ditches, Walls,, and Fences, (hall be maintained and fupported by and at the Expence of the (everal and refpedive Lefiees of the Landfo to be inclofed, during the Continuance of their refpective Eftates, Terms, and Interefts therein by virtue of any fuch Leafe or Leafes asafortfaidj and that from and after the Fifth Day of April next after fuch Allotments (hall nave been fenced and inclofed, the faid feveral and refpedive Lefiees of the Land fo direded to be fenced and inclofed by the Perfons entitled to

the

Warrington*

2557

48*GEORGII III. Cap.13$.

the Reverfion thereof as afore (aid, and alfo the faid Earl’s fevetal and refpcdtive Leffees of any other Hereditaments which fhall: have been exonerated from Tythes in purluance of the Powers hereinafter contained, (hall, during the Continuance of their refpedfive Effaces,

Terms and Interefts therein, by virtue of any fuch Leafe or Leafes as aforefaid, pay to the Perfon or Perfons entitled to the Reverfion of the fame Premifes for the Time being, fuch Yearly Sum and Sums of Money in Confideration of and as a Satisfaction for theCofts and Charges fuch Revcrfioneror Reverfioners fhall be put to in making and maintaining fuch Fences as aforefaid, and for or on Account of the Exoneration of fuch ancient Iuclofures from Tythes, as the faid Commifiioners fhall by their Award direct; which faid Sum and Sums of Money fo to be paid by fuch Lefiees refpe&ively as aforefaid, fhall be paid as an Increafe of Rent, at fuch Days and in fuch Manner arid Proportions, and (hall be recoverable by fuch and the fame Remedies as the feveral Rents now referved in the faid refpective Leafes are made payable and are now recoverable by Law.

L1X. And be it further enaded, That all or any of the Lands to be allotted in purfuance of this Act in relpeft of any Mefluages or Cottages gtamf'ord'i or Scites, or any Lands or Tenements held or demifed for one or more Leafehoid Life or Lives, or for Years determinable upon one or more Life or mayb^fetouc Lives, by or under any Leafe or Leafes of or from the faid Earl of Stamford as commoa and Warrington, or any of his Anceftors, fhall (if the faid Earl of PafturCS* Stamford and Warrington, his Heirs or Afligns, fhall be defirous thereof, and teftify fuch his Defire to the faid Commilfioners or the major Part of them in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands) be fet out and allotted to the faid Earl in one or more Parcel or Parcels; to the Intent that during the Continuance of any fuch Leafe or Leafes, the fame may be ufed and enjoyed by the feveral Leffees or Occupiers for the Time being of the feveral Mefluages or Cottages, Scites, Lands, or Tenements, in refpeft whereof the fame fhall be fo allotted as a Common Pafture or Pafiures; and it fhall be lawful for the faid Earl, his Heirs and Afligns, to make Rules, Orders, and Regulations for the Ufe and Management thereof, and for the Siints of the Commonage or Depafturage thereon, and for the Prote&ion and Preservation of the Herbage, Turf, Ground, Soil, and Fences thereof, and for the Employment and Appointment of proper Perfons to execute fuch Rules and Orders, and to overlook the faid Lands, and to impound Cattle which (ha 11 be found trefpafling thereon contrary to fuch Regulations, and from Time to Time to .evoke, alter, and vary the fame as he or they ihall think fit, and fubjeft to fuch Right and Claim of fuch Leffees, to, in, or upon the faid Allotments, the fame fhall belong to and be veiled in the faid Earl, his Heirs and Afligns for ever.

LX. Provided always, and be it ena&ed. Tint out of fuch Part of the Allotments t« Grounds or Lands to be allotted to the Lords of the faid refpe&ive Manors, or other Owner or Owners of Soil refpe&ivdy, their Heirs and Manors far Affigns, by virtue of this A&, the faid Commifiioners fliall and they are Mineral pur-hertby required to fee out and allot unco and for each of luch Lords and foaU dirla' Owners of Soil refpe&ively, who fliall udire the lame, and give Notice of within their fuch Dcfire to the faid Commifiioners in due Type, within his or their mmjS* refpe&ive Manors or Limits, one Allotment or Allotments, of fuch Quantity and in fuch Place or Places as fhall be in fuch Noticeexprefled,

{s’iV.]	s8 r	which

*558	^GEORGII m. Cap. ijj.

which Hull or may appear to the laid Lords or their LeiTces; or Perfon, authorized by them, and which lhall be made to appear to the Satisfacs tion or rhe faid Commiffioners, probably to contain a Portion of Iron (tone-Slates, Slatefloncs, Wbetllones or Hones, or other Minerals (except Limeftonc and luch otner Scones as are by this A€t veiled in and given to the Proprietcrs of the Allotments under this Aft) according to the Opinion and Judgement; of fuch Commiffioners, as may be moll convenient for the Ufe and Exercife or his or their Mineral Rights as aforefaid, or any Works to be commenced, carried on or eftablifhed for fuch Mineral Purpofes, and fo as luch Allotment or Allotments for Mineral Purpofes do not exceed the Amount ot fuch refpefrive Lords or Owners Portion of Land to be allotted to him or them refpeelively by this Act.

toth^stu* L3LI- And be it further enacled, That the feveral Allotments to be ationof Lord made to the faid George Harry Earl of Stamford and Warrington, his Heirs Stamford’s and Affigns, in purfuance of this Adi, lhall be let out in luch Plate or A •tmentt. pjaces as he or they lhall require, fo as not to interfere with the general Convenience of the feveral other Pcifons interfiled in the faid intended Inclofure; and the faid Commiffioners lhall and they are hereby required tofet out fuch and fomany private Roads and Ways as lhall be neceflary for giving to the faid Earl, his Heirs and Affigns, convenient Acceft to the Park of Bradgate, and the Purlieus, Woodlands, and other ancient Inclofuies belonging to him the faid Earl, abutting or adjoining to the faid Grounds and Lands intended to be inclofed; and it any ot the Land adjoining to the aforefaid Park of Bradgate, or to any of the aforefaid Purlieus or Woodlands, lhall be fet out or allotted unto or for any other Perlbn or Perfons than the laid Earl, his Heirs or Affigns, rhen and in every fuch Cafe a Freeboard or Eaiemenc of the Width of Twenty-one Feet from the Walls or Fences of fuch Park, Purlieus, and Woodlands, lhall be and is hereby referved to and veiled in the faid Earl of Stamford and Warrington, his Heirs and Affigns.

LXII. And beit further enabled. That the faid Commiffioners lhall and they are hereby required to fet out and allot unto and for the faid William Herrick, his Heirs and Affigns, lo much of the Grounds and Lands to be inclofed by virtue of this Adi, as lies next or adjoins to the Park of the faid William Herrick at Beaumanor, from rhe Pocket Gate adjoining Loughborough Outwoods, to the Corner of IVoodhoufe Eaves by the Forejl Lane, together with all Intakes Gr Encroachments thereon, as the faid IVilliam Herrick, his Heirs or Affigns, fhall require, due Regard being had by them the faid Commiffioners to the Quantity, Quality, Situation, Convenience, and Extent thereof, as lhall be fo required, and that the faid Commiffioners lhall and they are hereby required to dedudl and allow fuch ample Compenfation and Satisfa&ion out of the Land to be allotted to the faid William Herrick, his Heirs and Affigns, and add the fame to the Allotments to be made to the Earl of Moira, his Heirs and Affigns, as the faid Commiffioners lhall adjudge to be the full Value of the laid Intakes and Inclofures belonging to the laid Earl, which lhall be fo fet out and allotted unto and for the faid William Herrick, his Heirs and Affigns as aforefaid ; and the faid Commiffioners lhall and they are hereby required ro fet out fuch and fo many private Roads and Ways as lhall be neceffary for giving to the faid William Herrick, his Heirs and Affigns, convenient Accefs to the Woods called Loughborough Outwoods j and if any of the 7	Land

For allotting:

to William

uTtoVsiren-don Park, t .> Thomas March Phil-lipps Efquire,

*

%

%

ictjt

5fil0

m

tk

erics

««4

tcttd

tube

o be

i-.-s «or rami raced aired % & to dent 3 the Land mYtd aw rdin wee rods, ijsrd

and to to be [the

■**

>r,

ten

Ion-

laid

ioff

tied

ilic

the

0

md

as

td

ry

nc

*

id

48* G EORG11 III. Cap.	2$5^

Land adjoining to any of the faid Outwoods (hall be fee out or allotted unroor for any other Perfon or Per Ions than the faid William Herrick, his jfttirs or Afligns, then and in every fuch Cafe a Freeboard or Eafement of the Width of Twenty-one Feet from the Fences of fuch Woodlands fhall be and is hereby referved to and vefted in the faid William Herrick, his Heirs and Affigns; and the faid Commifliontrrs fliall and they are hereby required to fetout and allot unto and for the faid Thomas March Phillipps, his Heirs and Afligns, as Part of the Allotments to be made to him and them purfuantto this Aft, fo much of the Grounds or Lands, with the Intakes or Encroachments thereon, to be divided and inclofed as he fhall require, as lies next or adjoins near to GaratdonPark on the South and Weft Sides thereof, having due Regard as aforefaid to the Quality, Quantity, Situation, and Convenience of fuch Allotment, fuch particular Allotment to extend on one Side to the Turnpike Road leading from Loughborough to AfBby dela Zoucb, and on the other to the public Road which lhall be fet out by the faid Commiflioners from fuch Turnpike Road, to the Town of Sheepjheud, which Road the faid Commiflioners are hereby direfted to fet out from the Forejl-Street at' Shecpfhoad, over the Accommodation Bridge on the Canal between Ockley Brook and Cold-well Springs or Town Brook to the faid Ajhby de la Zouch Road ; and the faid Commiflioners fhall not be at Liberty to fee out any other public Road between the faid new Road and Garendon Park, and the faid Commiflioners fhall and they are hereby required to fet Out fuch and fo many private Roads and Ways as fhall be neceflary for giving unto the faid Thomas March Fhillipps, his Heirs and Afligns, convenient Accefs to the Woods, called Holywell, Oxley or Finyhill, HolyOak or Hook-hillWoods\ and if any of the Lands adjoining to any of the fame Woods fhall be fet out or allotted unto any other Perfon or Perfons than the faid Thomas March Phillips, his Heirs or Afligns, then and in every fuch Cafe a Freeboard or Eafement of the Width of Twenty, one Feet from the Fences of fuch Woodlands fhall be and is hereby referved to and vefled in the faid Thomas March Phillipps, his Heirs and Afligns 5 and the faid Commiflioners lhall and they are hereby required to fet out and allot unto and : for Edward Farnham Efquire, and George Watkinfort Gentleman, as or in Part of the Allotments to be made to them, fo much of the Grounds and Lands to be inclofed by virtue of this Aft, as lies next or adjoins to their refpeftive inclofed Lands in the Lord (hip, Hamlet or Liberty of Woodhoufe aforefaid, together with all Intakes or Encroachments thereon, as the Lid Edward Farnham and George IVatkinfon refpeftively, or their refpeftive Heirs or Afligns, fhall require, due Regard being had by the faid Commiflioners to the Quantity, Quality, Situation, Convenience, and Extent thereof as fliall be fo required; and the faid Com-miflioners fhall and they are hereby required to deduft and allow fuch ample CompenLtion and Satisfaft’on out of the Land to be allotted to the faid Edward Farnham and George Watkinfon reprftively, and add the •fame to the Allotments to be made to the faid Earl of Moira, his Heirs and Afligns, as the faid Commiflioners fliall adjudge to be the full Value of the laid Intakes and Inclofures belonging to the faid Earl, which fliall be fo fet out and allotted unto and for the faid Edward Farnham and George IVatkinfin refpeftively, or their refpeftive Heirs and Afligns as aforefaid,

LXIil. And be it further enafted, That the Allotments to be made to Allotments to and lor the laid Earl of Moira, his Heirs and Afligns, and to the feveral Owners of

other Soiltto *

3 i;6<5

th.. require( outwent h he$e Bern i Conveni-

Onvenient

R 'ds, &c. to

■*’ Uiveferolt

Convenient

Roads, &. toBmlon In closures.

Proprietors Freeboards may have Allotments for them.

48* GEQRGII III. Cap. in-

other Lords and Owners of Soil, and their refpe&ive Heirs and Allignfs in purfuance of this Adt, fhall be let out in luch Situations as he» they, or any of them fhall require, fo as not to interfere with the g-ncral Convenience of the other Pcrlons interefted in the laid intended Divilion.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That the faid Commiflioners fhall and they are hereby required to fet out luch and fo many private Roads and Ways as (hall be neceflary for giving to the faid William Parkin Bof-villi, his Hers and Afiigns, convenient Accefs to the Meffuages, Woodlands, and other ancient lnclofures of Ulvefcroft belonging to him the faid William Parkin Bofville, abutting or adjoining to the laid Grounds o-r Lands intended to be inclofed ; and if any of the Lands adjoining to any of his aforefaid Woodlands lball be fct out or allotted unto or for any other Perfon or Perfons than che faid William Parkin Bofville, his Heirs or Afiigns, then and in every fuch Cafe a Freeboard or Eafemenr, of the Width of Twenty-one Feet from the Fences of fuch Woodlands, fhall be and is hereby referved to and verted in the faid William Parkin Bofville, his Heirs and Afiigns.

LXV. And be it further enaded. That the faid Commiflioners (ball and they are hereby required to fet our fuch and fo many private Roads and Ways as fhall be neceflary for giving to the tod William Hood, his Heirs and Afiigns, convenient Accefs to the Meffuages, Woodlands, and other ancient lnclofures of Bar don aforefaid, belonging to him the faid William Hood, abutting or adjoining to the faid Grounds or Lands intended to be inclofed ; and if any of the Lands adjoining to any of his aforefaid Woodlands fhall be fet out or allotted unto or for any other Perfon or Perfons than the faid William Hood, his Heirs or Afiigns, then and in every fuch Cafe a Freeboard orEafement of the Width of Twenty-one* Feet from the Fences of fuch Woodlands, fhall be and is hereby referved to and verted in the faid William Hood, his Ideirs and Afiigns.

LXVI. And be it further enacted. That if the Proptietor or Proprietors of any Freeboard orEafement belonging to any Park, Lands, or Eftates next adjoining the Open Commonable Grounds or Wafte Lands hereby directed to be divided and inclofed, fhall be defirous to have an Alloc ment or Allotments in lieu thereof, and fhall give Notice of fuch his or their Defire in Writing to the faid Commiflioners, at or before their Third Meeting to be holden in the Execution of this Atb, then and in every fuch Gale the faid Commiflioners fhall and they arc hereby authorized and required to fee our, afiign, and allot to fuch Proprietor or Proprietors refpelively, fuch Plot, Piece, or Parcel of Land to be inclofed by virtue of this Adi, or Parc of the faid Freeboard or Eafemenr, as they the faid Commiflioners fhall adjudge to be equal in Value, Quantity, Quality, and Situation confidered, to fuch Freeboard or E lement, as aforefaid i and the Fence or Fences adjoining on fuch Freeboard or Eafemenr, and now maintained and fupported by the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, fhall for ever thereafter continue to be maintained and fupported by ar.d at the Expence of fuch Proprietor or Proprietors refptdtivgly, and their refpe&ive Heirs and Afiigns; and the Allotment or Allotments fo to be fet out and allotted as aforefaid, in lieu of fuch Freeboard or Eafemenr, fhall be deemed and taken to be Part and

Parcel

2561

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 133.

Parcel of the Barifh,. Conftablery, Towndiip, Hamlet or Place, to which the Paid Frecbt>ar3 or Eafcnient at the Time of paffing this Ad lhall re-fpc&ively belong.

LXVII. And be it further enabled. That when and as foon as the Allotments herein dirtded to be made for Soil and Tythes fhall be flaked

upon as foon

and fet out, which the (aid Commifficners are hi r by direded to do with as afetrtained. all convenient Speed, after the Limits and Boundaries of the fevera) Manors, Parifhes, Conflablcries, TawnSlips, Hamlets, and Places (hall have been afeertained, the fevcral Pci Ions entitled to fuv.h Soil and Tythes (hall and may enter upon, and occupy and enjoy their reipedive Allotments in Severalty, without paving any Rent for the fame, and alio it (hall be lawful to and for all or any of the Pioprietors, after the Allotments in general (hall have been by Order of the faid Commiffloners flaked and fet our, by and with the Confent of the faid Commiffloners in Writing under their Hands, to enter upon their reipedive Allotments, and to fence the fame in fuch Manner and at fuch Time or Times as the faid Commiffloners (hall dirtd; and in cafe the Fences of any fuch Allotment which fhall be fet out in any of the Cafes aforefaid, before the Execution of the Award, (hall be wilfully damaged or fpoiled, or any Trefpafs fhall be committed, the Perfon orPerfons committing the Fact (hall be deemed a wilful Trefpafler or Trefpaffers, and be liable to anfwer Damages and full Cofts of Suit to the Party or Parties injured thereby.

LXVII1. And be it further enaded. That no Sheep or Lambs lhall be For prevent, kept in any of the new Inclofures to be made by virtue of this Ad, during Quickiet# the Space of Ten Years from the Execution of the faid Award, unlefs the damaged by fame (hail be fenced with fufficient Stone Walls, or the Perfon or Perfons Sheep, keeping fuch Sheep or Lambs fhall and do, at his, her, or iheir own Expence, fence or guard his, her, or their Neighbour’s Quickfets adjoining the Inclofures wherein fuch Sheep or Lambs (hall be kept, lo as to prevent any Damage being done ro fuch Quickfets by fuch Sheep or Lambs ; and it (hall not be lawful for any Pei ion cr Perfons to turn or put, or caufe to be turned or put, any Sheep, Lambs, Horfes, Afles, or other Beafts or Cattle, into any of the Ways, Lanes, or Roads, on either Side of which any newly planted Fence fhall be growing.

LXIX. Provided always,, and be it further enaded. That if owing to Satisfaction to the Sicuath n or other Crcnmllanccs of any Allotment or Allotments it unequlff<,r fhall happen that the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof fhall not have a Sim/esof proportionate Share of Boundary Fencing thereto, it lhali be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, where they fhall judge reafonable, to afeertain and appoint any Sum or Sums of Mcney to be contributed and paid by fuch Proprietor or Proprietors towards the Expences of the Boundary Fencing of fuch other or others of rhe faid Proprietors who may happen to have:too great a Proportion thereof, in order that the Expences of the faid Boundary Fencing may be brought as r.ear as may be to a juft and equal • Proportion (Regard being had to the nrceflary Subdivifion Fences within the refnedive Allotments) and the'Money fo to be afeertained and applied (hall be levied and recovered in the fame Manner as the Ex^ pence* of executing this Ad, in cafe of a Deficiency from the Sale of Land, arc herein-be fore direded to be levied and recovered;

2562	48* GEORGII Iir. Cap.

Exchanges LXX. And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful to may be ma e. flncj £or £aid Coxxsmiffioners to fee out, allot, and award any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in whatfeever Parilhes, Townfhips, Hamt-lets, or Places the fame are fituate. the Owners whereof are entitled in right or refped of the fame to any Right of Common upon the faid Open Commonable Grounds or any Part thereof, in lieu of and in Exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatfoever within any of the Parilhes,. Townlhips, Hamlets, or Places in which the fiid Open Commonable Grounds rcfpc&rvel y lie or are fituate, or which are entitled to Right of Common as gforelaid,or within any adjoining Parifti, Hamlet, Townlhip or Place; provided that all fuch Exchanges be afeertained, fpecified, and declared in the faid Award of the laid Commilfioners, or fame other Deed or Deeds, Inftruraerrt or Internments in Writing under their Hands and Seals, and be made with the Con ent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements or-Hereditaments, which lhall be fo exchanged, whether fuch Owner or Owners; Proprietor or Proprietors (hall be a Body or Bidies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate* Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or fur Life, or in Fee Tail general or fpecial, or by the Courtel'y of E'glands or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Confent of the Guardians, Truftees, Feoffees for charitable or other Ufes, Hufbands, Committees or Attornies of or adingfor any fuch Proprietors or Owner,s as aforefaid, who at the Time of making fuch Exchange or Exchanges (hall be refpedively Infants, Femes Coverr, Lunatics, or under any other legal Incapacity, or who (hall be beyond the Seas, or otherwife difablcd to ad for tbemfeives, himfelf, or herfelf, fuch Confent to be te(lifted in Writing under the Common Seal of die Body Politic, Corporate or Coliegiate, and under the Hands of the other Parties co rife filing refpedively ; and all and every fuch Exchange and Exchanges fb to oe made (hall be good, valid, and effedual in the Law . to all Intents and Purpofes whatloever : Provided neverthelefs, that no Exchange lhall be made of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditament*, held in Right of any Church, Chapel or other Ecclefiaftical Benefice, withoutihe Confent ttftified as aforeiaid of the Patron thereof, or as to the Vicarage oiWbitrvick, whereof the King’s mod Excellent Majefty i* Patron in Right of His Duchy of Lancajler, of the Chancellor of Hi* Majefty’s faid Duchy, and of the Bi(hop of the Diocefeor other Ordinary of the Ecclefiaftical Juxifdidion in which fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo to be exchanged (hall lie or be fituate.

Expencfs of LXXL Provided always, and be it enaded. That the Cofts, Charges, how tobe* and Expence3 attending the making and completing of ail Exchange* paid*	and Partitions under the Powers and Authorities in this Ad and the Lid

recited Ad of the Forcy-firft Year of His prefenc Majelty’s Reign, or either of them contained, (hail be paid and borne by tl)e fevcral Perlons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, making fuch Exchanges or Partitions, in fuch Manner and in fuch Proportions as the faid Commiffionerj Copyhold Te- (hall order andclired : Provided always, that no fuch Exchange (hall extend changed”* 10 aifed the Tenure of any Mcfluages, Lands, Tenements or Heredga-Lamis, not to ments, held by Copy of Court Roll, or being of Copyhold or Cuftomary SithouV'con- Tenure, unlefs the refpedive Lords or Owners of the relpcdive Manors lent of the whereof the fame arc fo holden (hal! be privy and contenting toxhe ^	Exchange



^GEORGII III. Cap. 133.	*5$3

Exchange fo made, to be teftifkd by their being made Parties to and txectuEg the Deeds and Writings for making fuch Exchanges relpeftively.

LXXIl. Provided always, and be it enacted. That all and every the A!,otm£"frss t& Allotments to be made in purfuance of this Ad as a Satisf.icUon or. Com- F,ee-S* penfation for Great or Small Tythes, and alfo all and every the Allotments hold mil to to be made for or in refpeft of Freehold Eftates, {hall be deemed and taken ^he'copy-* to be, and held and enjoyed as Freehold Eftates (fubjeft nevertheleis to holdu the feigniorial Rights of the Lords of the refpeftive Manors in which the lame ate fituate) •, and all and every the Allotments to be made for or in refpeft of any Cuftomary or Copyhold Eftates held of any of the faid Manors in wlrch the laid Grounds and Lands to be inclofed by virtue of this Aft refpeftiveiy lie or are fituate; (ball be deemed and taken to be and Hi a 11 be held as Cuftomary or Copyhold Eftates ; and the feveral and refpeftive Perfons to whom fuch Alloments for or in refpeft of Cuftomary or Copy-hold Effaces Ihall be affigned and fct out, (ball be admitted thereto by Copy of Court Roll by the Steward or Stewards of the Lord or Lords, or his or their Deputy, and the fame Ihall b e held and enjoyed by fuch Perfon and Perlons, according to his and their refpeftive Right,

Title, and Jntereft of and in the Meffiiages, ancient Buildings or Scites thereof. Lands and Tenements, in refpeft whereof fuch laft-menrioned Allotments were or (hall be affigned and fee out refpeftiveiy, and fubjeft to the Payment and Performance to the Lords and their Heirs refpeftiveiy of the like Fines, Rents, Services, and Cuftoms, as are or Ihall be due and payable for other the Cuftomary or Copyhold Eftates there according to the Cuftoms there ufed.

LXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That the faid Compenfation Commiffioncrs (ball, in aligning and fetting out all and every the Al- ou^orAibt-lotmencs of Lands for and in reipeft of any Meffuages, Cottages, Scites, merits to dif-Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, held by Copy of Court Roll, or being of Copyhold or Cuftomary Tenure, of any other Manor or Manors Lords, and than the feveral M nors within which the faid Lands and Grounds to be in-cjofed by virtue of this Aft are fituate, apportion and let out the fame Allot- hold, ments unto and between the feveral and refpeftive Lords or Owners of the feveral and rdpective Manors whereof the faid Copyhold and Cuftomary Premifes are hpiden, and the refpeftive Copyhold or Cuftomary Tenants thereof, in due and juft Proportions according totheir refpeftive Rights and Interefts, in fuch Sort, Manner and Form as that the faid refpeftive Lords or Owners of Manors may have and receive out of the faid Allotments fuchrea-fopabfe Benefit as in the judgement of the faid Commiffioners ihall be equal to thectffujd and incidental Advantages and Emoluments which would arife and happen to the faid refpeftive Lords or Owners of the faid Manors, from the faid Allotments, in cafe the fame had been or were to be annexed unto the faid Copyhold or Cuftomary Premifes, and held by the fame Tenures refpeftiveiy ; and inConfideration thereof, all and every the Allotments fo to be affigned and fee out in refpeft of any Copyhold or Cuftomary Meffuages, Gottagts, Scites, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, within all and every the faid Manors or Lordlhips, Ihall be held and enjoyed by the feveral and refpeftive Copyhold and Cuftomary Tenants, their Heirs and Affigns feveraily and refpeftiveiy for ever in Fee Simple, freed and dif-ebarged pf and from all and ali Manner of Fines, Rents, Services, Fjeriots and Reliefs, and o.her Cuftomary Dues and Payments whatl'oever, to

the

2564	48"GEORGII III. Cap. 133.

the Lords or Owners of the faid Manors, but fubjeft neverthelefs to ail fuch Entails, Wills. Trulls, Ufes, Settlements, Mortgages and Incumbrances, (except fuch as would be incidental to their Tenure as Copy-hold and Cuttomary Lands) and the lever a 1 and rtfpeftive Lands, Tenements, an- Hereditaments, to which the faid Allotments (hall belong, are or may be fubjeft or liable unto at the Time of executing the laid Award, and alfo fubjeft to the feignoria! Rights of the Lords of the refpeftive Manors in which the faid Allotments ihall lie or be fituare*

Power toen- LXXIV. And he it further enafted, That if the Lord or Lords of any

CopyhoUis Manor cr Manors within any of the Parilhes, Townlhips or Placts, having Right of Common on the faid Open Commonable Grounds and Wafte Lands, .or any Part thereof refpcftively, ihall agree with any of hi- or their Copyhold Tenant or Tenants ot iuch Manor or Manors for the Enfranchifcmerit of his or their Copyhold Eft ate or Eftares held of fuch Manor or Manors, or any of them, or of any Parc of fuch Eftate or Eftates held* of fuchCopyhold Manor o Manorlyor any of them, ajid (hall fignify his or their Conlent thereto by Writing under’ his or their Hands, to be delivered to the laid Commiffi -ners before any Allotment Ihall be made in puritiance of this Aft, then the faid C ^nn ilhoners may and they are hereby authorized and required toft me and aloe fuch Part or Parts as fhall be agreed upon between the Lord or Lords of Inch Manor or Manors, and any Copyholder or Copyholders of fuch Manor or Manors, of the Mdfuages, Hereditaments, Lands, and Grounds of fuch Cppyholderor Copyholders, as a Compenlation for any Right or Rights which fuch Lord or Lords may have or claim in the Allotments fo to be made to fuch Copyholder or Copyholders, and to his, her, or their Mefiuages, Hereditaments, or ancient Indolurts and Homefteads, as Lord or Lords of fuch Manor or Manors as aforefaid ; and after fuch Divifion and Allotment, the Mdfuages, Cottages, old Inclolures and Homefteads- of fuch Copyholder or Copyholders, and alfo the Allotment or Allotments to be made to him, her, or them, by the faid Com-mifiioners in right thereof, held of fuch Manor or Manors, or the Lord or Lords thereof, by Copy of Court Roil or ocher-wife, Ihall be and are hereby declared to be enfrauchifed and difeharged from any Copyhold Tenure, bines and Fees, to the Lord or Lords of fuch Manor or Manors, and Ihall be deemed and taken to be Freehold to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

The Chace LXXV. And be it further enafted, That from and immediately after

*fordteri.dir~ t'^ie Commifiioncrs ihall have made ana executed fsheir Award, a& mentioned and direfttd by the faid recited Aft of the Forty-firlt Year of His prelent Majefty’s Reign, ah and finguiar the Lands lying within the ancient Limits or Boundaries of the laid Fort ft or Code and Plain refpectively, which are already inelcfed, as well Freehold as Copyhold and incroached Lands., and alfo all and finguiar toe faid Open Common a bk Grounds and Wafte Lands within the faid Foreft or Chafe and Plain rel-peftively, or any of them, under and by virtue of this Aft intended to be divided and inclofed, Ihall from thenceforth become and be and continue from thenceforth forever abfolutely exonerated and difeharged from Game of Deer, Warrens of Conies^ and all foreftrial Rights and Privileges-whatfoever, which the leveral and refpeftive Lords or the Manors, 07 my of them, or their refpective Heirs or Affign.% or any of them refpee-7	tively

35 65

48* GEOROlI III. Cap. 133.

tively, can cr may or could or might otierwife claim therein except in refpeft of the Payment of fuch Fines, Rrli Is, Heriots, and Rents, and Performances of ftich Fealties, Suits of C urr. Services, Customs,

Rights and Privileges, as are due and payabl: for and in rtfpeft o( Mef-fuages and Buildings and Lands of ancient Indofure within the Limits of the fa id Fore R or Chafe and Plain refpeftively, and as are intended co be in and by this Ad particularly icfcrved.

LXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Ad contained (hall extend or be cor: it rued to extend to revoke, make void, will u( Sairk-annul, or affeft any Settlement, Deed, Will, or Leafe whatfoevt r, or to meuu prejudice sny Peifon or Perfons having any Right or Claim of Dower,

Jointure, Rent, Debt, Charge, or Incumbrance, in, out of, upon, or affefting ar.y of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be divided, allowed, inclofrd, or exclunged by virtue of the laid recited Aft made in the Forty-firft Year of the Reign of His prefect Majcfty, or of this Act, or any Part or Parcs thereof refpeftively ; but that the feveral Perfons to whom fuch Lands, Tcmmeais, or Hereditaments fhail be afligned, allotted, cr given in Exchange by virtue of this Aft as aforefaid, (hail be feifed and poffcflcd thereof refpeftively to fuch and the fume Ufcs, and to and for fuch and the fame Effaces, and with fuch and the lame Powers and Authorities for making Leafcs and otherwife, and lubjeft to the fame Wills, Limitations, Conditions, Settlements, Trulls, Provides,

Remainders, Reverfions, Debts, Charges, and Incumbrances, as the feveral Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in right or refpeft or in lieu whereof luch All tmcnt3 or Exchanges (hall be made to them refpec-tivcly, would have been fubjeft to and charged with or affefted by, in cafe this Aft had not been made, except in luch Cafes as is herein otherwife direfted and provided.

LXXVII. And be it further enafted, That immediately after all the After Allot-Allotments to De made in purfuance of this Aft flail, by Order of the ™Jde» faid CommifFoners, be marked or flaked out, all the feveral Shares or common to Allotments to be let ouc as aforefaid, (hall be in lieu of and in full Satis- cea!"c* faftion and CompenLtion for all Right of Common which the faid Proprietors or any of them could or might have had or been entitled to, in, over, and upon the faid Commonable Grounds or Wade Lands, or any Pare thereof, and from that Time all Right of Common in or upon the faid Open Commonable Grounds or Waite Lands (ball ceale, and be fur ever annulled, abolraiej and extinguifhed.

LXXVIII. Provided ncverthelrfs, That it flail be lawful for the faid Right of Cobi. Commifliouers at any Time before the Execution <)f that faid Award, by monmaybe Notice in Writing under their Hards, to be affixed upon the principal extinguitoed Doors of the feveral Churches or Chapels in each Parifii, Conftabley, before the Ex* Townfnip, or Place entitled to R ight of Common upon the laid Open ^Joltlls Commonable Grounds and Waite Lands, to order and direft all or any Parc of the Rights of Common in or over the faid Commonable Ground* and Wade Lands, or any Part or Parts thereof, to be extinguifhed, or the Exercife thereof fufpended for and during fuch Time or Times as flail be exprefied in fuch Writing; and all fuch Rights of Common as the faid CommifTi ners (hall by luch Writing'brder' and direft co be extinguifhed, or th- Exercife thereof ro be fgfpeuded as aforefaid, fnall from the Time \Lcc. ft? Per.']	a	8	X	mentioned

25^6	4$*	GEORGII	III.	Cap.	133.

mentioned in fuch Writing ceafe, determine and be extinguiffied, or the Exercife thereof (hall be fulpcnded accordingly; any Law, Ufige, or Cudom to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithstanding.

LifemaSf°r	LXXIX. And be it further enacted. That it (hall and may be lawful

grant"i^afts for foch of the Uid Proprietors who are Tenants for Life to grant any oae YWenty* ^eafe o^Eeafes to any Perfon or Pcrfons whomfoever, of the Lands to be cars' allotted to them, or any Part or Parts thereof, with the Appurtenances, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Twenty-one Years; fo as that the fa nit do commence in Poffcffion and not in Reverfion ; and fo as upon every fuch Leafe or Leafes there be referved and made payable during the Continuance thereof refpe&ively, the bed and moft improved yearly Rent or Rents, or other Confederations that can be reafonably had and obtained for the lame, without taking any Sum or Sums of Money by way of Fine or Foregifr, for or in refprd of fuch Leafe or Leafes ; and fo as no fuch Lelfee or Lcffees have thereby Power to commit Wade; and fo as in every fuch Leafe cr Leafes there be contained a Claufe of Re-entry on Non payment of the Rent or Rents to be thereby referved and made payable to the Perfon or Perfons granting fuch Leafe or Leafes, and the feverai other. Pcrfons who in Succeffion may be entitled to the fame Lands j and fo as the Leffee or Leffees do at the fame Time execute a Counterpart or Counterparts of fuch Leafe or Leafes.

Directing fhat	LXXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Leafe or Leafes

ftafriioH)”1** t0 gran^d by virtue of the Laid recited Ad of the Forty-firffc Year of valid without His prefent Majcfty’s Reign, by the Rcdor of the Lid Parilhof Switbland Oie King's	or bjs Succeffors, of any Lands or Grounds to be a dotted to him by vir-

tn *	tusof this Ad in Right or the Laid Redory, (hall be good, valid or effec-

tual, unlefs the Consent of the King’s molt Excellent Mujefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, as Patron of the faid Rcdwry, (hall be had and obtained thereto, previous to the Execution of fuch Leafe or Leafes j nor fhall any fuch Leafe or Leafes to be made or granted by the Vicar of the faid Parifh of IVbitwick, or his Succeffors, of any Lands or Grounds to be allotted to him by virtue of this Ad, in right of his faid Vicarage, be good or tfledual, unlefs the Confcnt of the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, as Patrons of the faid Vicarage, (hall be had and obtained prtvious to the Execution ot fuch Leafe or Leafes.

Proprietor* of LXXXI. And be it further enaded, That the Land to be allotted in Elutes in purfuance of this Ad for and in lieu of Righc of Commonage in refped hAve^hS7	Mcjfuages, Cottages, Scites, Homedeads, Lands, Tenements, or

Aiutm^t*	Hereditaments in Belton aforefaid (hall (if the major Part in Value of

ther °as 1°S*’ the Proprietors of fuch r dates, according to the A (fed men t to the Land Co mu. on Tax, (hall be defirous thereof, and tedify fuch Dcfirc in Writing to the P-fturc, Commiffion^rs at One of their Meetings, before the Allotments in refped of fuch Edates (hall have been otherwife fixed) be tet out and allotted altogether contiguous to the prefent Boundary Fence of the old Inclo-fures in Belton> unlefs the Owners of Soil and Tythes in Belton (hall defi'e to have their Allotments in that Situation, and in fuch Cafe next adjoining to fuch Allotments; to fhe Intent the lame may be ufed and enjoyed by the Lvcral Pioprietors of the Meffuages, Cottages, Scites,

Homedeads,

4S3GEORGII III. Cap. 133,	2567

Homefleacls, Land.*, Tenement.*, and Hereditaments in refpe^ whereof the fame (hail be fo -allotted as a common P.jfh.re, or in fuch other Manner and -undrr loch Regulation ’, in all Rdpi&as the laid Committioners (hall in that Behall in and by their Award direft and appoint; and each and every of the Pcrions interfiled in inch general Allotment fltall be fubjeft to the Dirtft.ons of the faid CommilTioners rd'pe&ing the Fences thereof, and liable to contribute to the Sixpences of the fame, in like Manner a? herein directed refpe&ing Proptietors not having a piopottionate Share or Boundary Fencing to ihtir Allotments.

LXXXII. And be it further em-tted, That if any of the feveral Owners 0*niri of of ancienrMcftuages, Cottages, Scites cr Homefte^ds, Lands, Tenements Common or Hereditaments, (hall be defirous that their rt-lp-Clive Shares and Pro- i^vcthcir*^ portions of the faid Open Commonable Grounds aid Watte Lands fo Allotment*^ dirtfled to be divided, allotted end inclofed as aforefaid, in relpeft of their laidtos«thc . C mmonRightsbelongingtofuch Mefluages, Cottages, Sc tesorHomettcads,

Lands, Tenements, or Heredit iments fhould be allotted together in one or more Parcel or Parcels, 2nd (hall txprefs fuch their Defire in Writing to the faid Com milhonerF, at one of their Meetings to beheld in purfuance cf this AS, before luch Allotments fbali have been otherwife fixed by the faid CommilTioners, then and in fuch Cafe the faid Committioners Ihall and they are hereby requited tofet out the fevercl Parcels of Land to be allotted to fuch feveral Perfons in one Allotment; and fuch Allotments (hall be ufed and enjoyed by the ftveral Proprietors thereof in inch Manner and under luch Regulations, as the faid CommilToners (hall in that Behalf direft and appoint in their Award.

LXXXIII. And be it further enabled. That if any Perfon or Perfons Power to fell hath or have fold or contracted or agreed to fell, or Ihall at any Time Rig^t^bcfore before the Execution of the faid Award of the faid Committioners fell or Award, contract or agree to fell his, her, or their Right, Intereft, or Property in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby dirc&cd to be divided, allotted and incl /fed, to any other Perfon cr Perfons, then and in every fuch Cafe ir fhail and may be lawful to and for tbe'faid Committioners,

2nd they are heiffoy authorized and required to make the Allotment or Allotments of Land unto the Vend, e or Furchaftr in every fuch Sale, Contract, or Agreement, or to hi£, her, or their Heirs or Affigns, for or in rtfped of fuch Right, Intereft, and Property fo fold or contracted or agreed to be fold, as aforefaid ; and every fuch Vendee or Purchafer, and his, her or their Heirs and Aftigns, (hall and may from and after the Execution cf the faid Award hold and enjoy the Land lb to be allotted to him, her, or them, as aforefaid, in the fame Manner 10 all Intents and Purpofes as the Vendor in every fuch Sale, Contract, or Agreement, might, could, or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame in cafe fuch Sale, Contract, or Agreement had not been made, or fuch Right, Intereft, or Property had been vefttd in fuch Vendor at the Time of making fuch Allotment or Allotments as aforelaid.

LXXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Quarries s.one Q,ur. ot Limeftone, Freeftone, and othtr Stone whatfoever (except every Quarry riei vetted in 01 Quarriesol Ironftcne, Slate or Stcnr,capatle of being hi wa or broken into JJwreK* Slate, and Stones ufed or capable of being ufed for Whetftones or Hones, or fuch other like Purpofcs) already opened, or which (hall at any Time

hereafter

s.565	GEORGII	III.	Cap. 133:

hereafter be opened within or upon the faid Open Commonable Grounds and Waft-; Lands, or any of them, intended to be iridofed bv the Audio*-rity of this Ad, fnall be and the fame are hereby veiled in and declared to be the foie and abfolute Property of the i'c,f -ns to whom the Lands within which the aforefaid Stone Quarries are relj.tdivcly fi’uate fliali be allotted j and that it (hall and may be 1 v/ful to and fur the Owners cf the faid Lands refpectivelv, thti Heirs and Affigns, at all Times for ever hereafter, to win and work the laid Stone Quarries'(except as aforefaid) within their refpedive Lands, and to dig, take, and tarry away the Stone, not- being of f'uch feverr.l Kinds as are before excepted, there found, to and tor their own proper and refpedive Ufe and Ddpofal, any Cullom ci Ufage to the contiary not with Handing.

Sitteand Mi- LXXXV. And be it further ensded, That it {ball and may be lawful to^hc Lords'* t0 an<^ ^or l^ie Lords or prefer, t Owners of the Soil of the faid Commonable of the soil * Grounds and Waite Lands, their Iieirs and Affirms, and to and for their **OonSforti£" re!P^:,ve Leffees, from Time to Time and at all Times forever hereafter, Itanafe*.r 'In fuch and the like Manner as if this A6t hat! not been made, to enter into and upon the Lands and Grounds within their refpeclive Manors or Limits, to fearch for and to have and enjoy ai! 1 onftene, Quarries or Slate and Stone capable of being hewn or broken into Slate, and all Stone ufed or capable of being ufed as Whetftones or Hones, or fuch like Purpofes, and alfo all Mints and Beds of Coal and other Minerals whatfoever (except Linieftoneand other Stone hereby vtfted in the Land Owners as aforefaid) and alfo for their Servants, Agents, or Workmen, to dig for, get, and wo;k for the only feparate Ufe and Benefit of the Lid Lords or Owners of Soil refpcCtively for the Time being, or of their refpedive Lcffees, all fuch Ironftone, Slate and Siateftone, Whetftonrs and Hones, Beds and Mines of Coal and other Minerals, and from Lime to Time to cut, fink, dig and make Pits, drive Soughs, and ere& Engines and other Machines, plumb, dial, level ana bore, and do all other Work in and upon fuch Parts or Places of the Allotments of the laid Open Commonable Grounds and Waflc Lands within their refpeclive Manors or Limns, for getting, working, preparing, unwatering, and carrying on fuch Ironftone, Slates, Siateftone, Whetftones and Hones, Beds and Mines of Coal and other Minerals, in the laid Allotments, as they (hall refpeftively think proper, and to have and ufe convenient and neceffary Places upon the faid Allotments for the laying of fuch Ironftone* Slam and Slatcftone, Whetftones and Hones, Coal and other Minerals whatfoever, to be gotten and dug ,n and upon the fame, and alfo for h Lying of all Soil and Rubbifiito be dug and gotten by fetnng, finking, m-king, and digging fuch Pits and driving fuch Soughs and ereCling luch Engines and other Machines, and doing fuch other Work for the Purpofes aforefaid, and alfo free Way and Pafiagc from Time to Time and at all Times for ever hereafter, into, through, and over the faid Allotments for the faid Lor $ or Owners of Soil, their Heirs and Affigns, and their refpeClive Servants, Agents, and Workmen, and for all ether Pcrfons whomfoever employed by them refpedtively, in the mod convenient Directions to and from all and every of the find Works to any Cut or Canal, Navigation, Railways, Stone or ether Roads, which now is or are, or hereafter may he made, cr to the moft convenient public or private Roads, with or without Wains, Waggons, Carts, Carriages, and Horles for the rurpofe of taking and carrying away 10	ucctfikry

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 13 j.	2569

necefLry and proper Engines, Machines, and other Materials or Things whatfoever to and from all Mines, Quarries, Pits, and Soughs, in the faid Allotments of the faid Open Commonable Grounds and Wafte Lands, within the refpe£tive Manors or Limits of luch Lords or Owners of Soil, and for working and carrying on the fame, and alfo for the Purpofe of fetching and carrying away all fuch Iron (tone, Slate, Slate-ftone, Whetftones, Hones, Coal and Minerals, to be dug and potten in the faid Allotments (doing as lirtle Damage as may be in the Exercifc of any fuch Rights as aforefaid), and the Perfon or Per Tons who for the Time being, (hall be Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of the faid Ground wherein fuch Mines, Quarries, Pics, or Soughs (hall be fo as aforefaid made, driven, or worked, or fuch Engines or Machines eredted, or fuch Ironftone, Slates, Slateftone, Whetftones and Hones,

Coal or Minerals,or fuch Soil or Rubbifh laid, or fuch Ways and Paflages made and ufed, (hall have full and adequate Satisfaction made to him, her, or them, upon Demand, by the refpedtive Lords or Owners of Soil for the Time being, or the Leffee or Leflees of them refpedtivcly, for the Damages from Time to Time to be done therein; and alfo ic (hall be lawful for the Land Owner or Land Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, within or upon whofe Lands any Slate, Quarry or Quarries, fhall be opened, to ufe, take, and carry away, fuch Part and fo much of the Soil and Rubbifh, or refufe Slate-ftones, which fhall arife and be made by the opening and working of fuch Quarry or Quarries as (hall not be ufed or difpofed of, or be intended to be ufed or difpoled of by the Perfon or Perfons working fuch Quarries, in the Enjoyment of the Right hereby referved, but (o as not to impede or obftrudt the working of the faid Quarries, or in anyways prejudice the Conveniences hereby referved for cairying on the fame.

LXXXVI. And be it further enabled. That the Award to be made Award, by the faid Commiftioners, when inrolled in Manner due&ed by the faid recited Aft made in the Forty-firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, fhall be depofited and filed by the Regifter of the Court of the Peculiar of Groobj aforefaid for the Time being, or his Deputy, amongft the Court Books and other Records of the fame Court; where the fame fhall and may be at all Times had Recourfe to, and infpefted and per ufed.

LXXXVII. And be it further enafted. That the faid Commifiicners Extract of fey fhall and they are hereby required to make an Extract on Parchment, under commiMio'i* their Hands and Seals, of fo much of their Award as fhall conrain an ers Award accurate Defcription of the Allotment or Allotments to be made to His tu theVfng’J faid Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, under and in virtue of this A&, Allotment, together with fuch Regulations or Provifions relative to fuch Allotment or Allotments, or to any other Rights or Interefts of His Majefty, as may Revenue be contained in fuch Award, and alfo a Map or Plan of fuch Allotment or Allotments, and tranfmit the fame to the Surveyor General of His Majefty’s Land Revenue for the Time being, within Two Calendar Months next after the making and executing the faid Award, to be by him filed and kept among the Muniments of his Office, and to be produced, read and received in Evidence on all Occafions where any Queftion, Doubt, or Controverfy may arife, relating to or affe&ing the Rights or Interefts of His Majefty, His Heirs or Succeffors, in refpeef of fuch Allotments or Allotments, Rights or Interefts*

[Lee. fc? Per.2	T

LXXXVIII. And

2570	48#GEORGII	III.	Cap.	133.

wuchCof0rhe° LXXXVIll. And be it further ena&ed, Thatrhefaid Commiffioners CoaimiiEon- fhall and they are hereby required to make an Extract on Parchment, er> Award	under their Hands and Seals of fo much of their Award as (hall contain

to the^vkar* an accurate Defcription of the Allotment or Allotments to be made to ofWhitwick’e the Vicar of IVbitwick aforefaid,and his Succeflors, under andin virtue of this toSffenVto	togethtrwith fuch RegulationsorProvifionsrelative tofuch Allotment

the Duchy of or Allotments, or to any other Rights or Interefts of the laid Vicar, or “r His Majefty in Right of his Duchy of Lancajter, as may be contained in fuch Award, and alfo a Map or Plan of fuch Allotment or Allotments, andtranfmit the fame to the Clerk of the Council of His Majefty’s Duchy of Lancajter for the Time being, within Two Calendar Months next after the making and executing the laid Award, to be by him filed and kept among the Muniments of his Office, and to be produced, read and received in Evidence on all Occafions where any Queftion, Doubt or Controverfy may aiife, relating to or affV&ing the Rights or Interefts of the faid Vicar, or His Majefty in Right of his Duchy of Lancafter, His Heirs or Succeflors, in rclpetft of fuch Allotment or Allotments, Rights or Interefts.

Commiflion-rr» to make other Copies at the

Requeft and Cofts of Pei -fonsinterefted.

LXXXIX: And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiffioners fhall, and they are hereby required at the Requeft and at the proper Cofts of any Perfon or Perfons having any Aliocmenc or Allotments of the faid Open Commonable Grounds or Wafte Lands at any Time within the Space of Five Years after the faid Commiffioners fhall have executed fuch their Award as aforefaid, to make, fign, feal and execute any Number of other Copies of fuch their Award, together with fuch Maps or Plans as fhall be annexed thereto; which other Copy or Copies fhall be delivered to fuch Perfon or Perfons applying for the fame and paying the Expence thereof; and fhall alfo, without being inrollcd, as well as a Copy thereof, or of any Part thereof, on Paper Itamped according to Law for Copies of Records, at all Times, thereafter be received and admitted as Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity.

For difeharg- XC. And be it further enabled, That if any Perfon or Perfons entitled ing old incio- to Tythes within any of the Parilhes, Conftableries, Townfhips, Hamlets T Hie^0171	an^ ^aces having Right of Common upon the faid Open Commonable

7	ie5‘	Grounds and Wafte Lands, or any Part thereof, relpe&ively, fhall agree

with any of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements in any of fuch Parifhes, Conftableries, Townfhips, Hamlets <od Places, for difeharging all or any Part of the Lands and Tenements belonging to fuch Owners and Proprietors from the Payment of Tythes, or Modufes or Compcfiiions in lieu thereof, and fhall fignify the fame by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to be delivered to the faid Commiffioners, before the Execution of their Award, then the faid Commiffioncis may and they arc hereby authorized and required to fet out, allot anti award unto and for the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Tythes refpeftively, his, her and their Heirs and Succeflors, fuch Part or Parts of the Shares or Proportions to which the Owners or Proprietors of fuch Lands and Tenements intended to be difeharged from Tythes, may be entitle - , of the faid Open Commonable Grounds and Wafte Lands, or of the Lands and Tenements belonging to fuch Owners or Proprietors within any of the faid Farifhes, Conftableries, Tewnfhips, Hamlets or Places, as fhall be fettled and agreed upon between the laid Parties, and in the Judgement of the faid Commiffioners fhall be in Value equal to or greater than the Tythes, Mo-4	dufes

48° GEORGII 111. Cap. 133.	3571	|

dufes or Compofitions intended to be commuted for thereby, and fuch Allotments fhall be and be deemed and taken to be in lieu of, and as a full Recompence and Compenfation for all Tythes, Modufes or Compofitions payable or accruing to the Tythe Owner or Tythe Owners to whom the fame fhall be made, provided that all fuch Commutations for Tythes be afeertained, fpecified and declared in the Award of thefaid Commiflioners, or fome other Deed, or Deeds, Inftrument or Inftrumentsin Writing under their Hands and Seals, and inrolled in fuch or the like Manner as rheir faid Award is direfted to be inrolled ; and all and every fuch Commutation and Commutations for Tythes fo to be made, fhall be good, valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever: Provided neverthelefs, that no fuch Agreement or Allotments to be made for difeharging, or which may in anvwife affeft any Tythes belonging to any Reftors or Vicars, fhall be available for difeharging fuch Tythes, or fhall in any wife affeft the fame, unlefs fuch Agreement or Agreements fhall be approved by the Bifhop of Lincoln for the Time being, or other Ordinary of the Eccleflafti-cal Jurifdiftion where the faid Tythes lhall accrue, and by the Patron of the Church or Chapel to which the fame fhall belong j fuch Approbation to be teftified in Writing.

XCI. Provided always, and be it enafted, That the Cofts, Charges and Expences attending the making and completing of all Commutations or Allotments for Tythes, under the Power and Authority laft herein before contained, fhall be paid and borne by thePerlons defiringthe fame, in fuch Manner and in fuch Proportions as the faid Commiflioneis fhall order and direft.

XCII. And be it further enabled. That once at lead in each and every Year during the Execution of this Aft (fuch Year to be computed from and balanced the Day of pa fling thereof) the faid Commiflioncrs lhall and they are hereby required to make a true and juft Statement or Account of all Sums of nuaily?8'

Money by them received and expended or due to them for their own Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Aft •, and fuch Statement or Account when fo made (together with the Vouchers relating thereto) fhall be by them laid before Three of His Majcfty*s Juftices of the Peace for the Time being of the faid County of Leicejier (not interefted in thefaid intended Divifion and Inclofure ) to be by them examined and balanced (fuch Juftices being hereby authorized to take or call for fuch Advice and Afliftance in fuch Examination as they fhall think fit, and to charge the incident Expences) ; and the Balance fhall be by fuch Juftices ftated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerks to the faid Commiflioners, and an Abftraft of fuch Accounts fhail be transmitted to, and laid before the Juftices affembled at the Michaelmas Quarter Seflions in each Year ; and no Charge or Item in fuch Accounts fhall be binding on the Parties concerned or valid in Law, unlefs the fame fhall have been duly allowed by fuch Three Juftices as afore faid.

XCI1I. And whereas fome of the Owners and Proprietors of and Perfons For borrow-interefted in the faid Open Commonable Grounds and Wafte Lands hereby m8 Moncf« direfted to be inclofed, may have Occafion or be defirous to borrow Money to defray their rcfptclive Shares and Proportions of the Charges and Expences of obtaining and carrying this Aft into Execution ; be it therefore enafted. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Proprietors

*572

48* GEO RG11 III. Cap. 133.

tors and Owners of and all other Perfons whomfoever interfiled in fuch Lands and Grounds, being a Tenant or Tenants fur Life, with or without Impeachment of Wafte, Tenant or Tenants in Fee Tail General or Special, or by~ the Courtefy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, and alfo to and for the Hulbands, Guardians, Truftees, and Committees of any of the faid Owners or Proprietors being under Coverture, Minors, Idiots, Lunatics, or beyond the Seas, or labouring under any other Difability whatfoevsr, and alfo to 2nd for all Perfons acting as Guardians, Truftees or Committees of any Owners or Proprietors being under any Difability or Incapacity whatfoever, whether fuch Owners or Proprietors refpedtively be Tenants for Life with or without Impeachment of Wafte, Tenants in Fee Tail General or Special, or Tenants by the Courtefy of England, or fur Years determinable on any Life or Lives (other than and except the refpedtive Redlors and Vicars of the faid relpedtive Redtories and Vicarages and their Succeflors, for or in refpedt of any Allotment made to them as Redtors and Vicars as aforefaid, and other than and except the Surveyors of the Highways of the faid refpedtive Parifhes, for or in refpedt of any Allotment or Allotments made to them as Surveyors as aforefaid) by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings, under their refpedtive Hands and Seals, to be duly executed in the Prefence of and attefted by Two or more credible Witneffes, to charge the Freehold Parr, and by Surrender or Surrenders duly palled according to the Cuftomor Cultomsof the Manor or Manors whereof the fame is, are, or (hall beholden, to charge the Copyhold Part of fuch LandsandGrounds as lhall be allotted to fuch Owners and Proprietors refpedtively, with any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five Pounds for each and every Acre thereof, for defraying their refpedtive Proportions of the Charges and Expences of obtaining and executing this Adi, and of inclofing and fub-dividing their refpedtive Allotments, as the faid Commiffioners (hall think proper tor fuch Purpofcs, the fame to be paid to fuch Pcrfon or Perfons, and applied for the Purpofes aforefaid, in fuch Manner as the faid Com-miflioners fhall diredt and appoint; and for fecuring the Repayment of fuch Sum and Sums of Money, with Intereil for the fame, to grant, mortgage, leafe, demife, furrender, or otherwife fubjedt their faid refpedtive Allotments, or any Part thereof, unto any Pci ion or Perfons who fliall advance and lend fuch Sum or Sums of Money refpedtively, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Affigns, for any Term or Number of Years as to the Freehold Part thereof, and for fuch Eflatc, Term, or Interefl as to the Copyhold Part thereof, as lhall be conformable to the Cuftomsof the relpeclive Manors ; fothat every fuch Grant, Mortgage, Demife, Surrender or Security be made, with a Provifo or Condition to ceafe and be void, or with an exprtfs Trull to be furrendered, when fuch Sum or Sums of Money thereby to be fecured, and the Intereil thereof, lhall be fully paid and fa tit fieri ; and fo that in every fuch Grant, Mortgage, Demife, Surrender or Security, which (hall be made by any Perfon or Perfons interfiled in or entitled unto the Premifes for the Term of their natural Lives only, or by his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Truf-tee or Truftees, Committee or Committees, there be contained a Provifo or Covenant that the Owner or Proprietor of the faid Premifes lhall duly pay and keep down the Intereil of any Sum orSumsof Money to be thereby fecured during their refpedtive Lives; and no Pcrfon afterwards becoming feifed or pcfielfcd of the laid Premifes (hall be liable to the Payment of any futther or larger Arrear of Intereil than for One Year preced Mg 4	the

2573

48° GEORG II III. Cap. 133.

the Time that the Title to Inch Puff flion fhall have commenced ; and every fuch Grant, Mortgage, Lcafe, Demife, or Surrender of the fiid Premifes (hall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law for the Purpofcs thereby intended.

XCIV. And be it further enacted. That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall r<rforr rethink himfelf, herlelf, or themfelves aggrieved by any Thing done in pur- ^^',0 tTe fuanceof Lhis A£l (other than and t-xcepi fuch Orders and Determinations of (isnn-dQuar-the (aid Commifiioners as are by the (aid recited Aft made in the Forty-'1-1 i‘ci;ur-3-firft Year of the Reign of His prefent M^jelly or this Act dire&cd to be final or conclufive, and fave and except in fuch Cafes wherein an Iffue at Law fhall be tried as hercin-before dire&ed) then and in every fuch Cafe he, fhe, or they may appeal to the General Quarter Sefiions of the Peace which (hall be held for the laid County of Leicejler, within S:x Calendar Months next after fuch Caufe of Complaint fhall have arifen ; and the Juftices of the faid Quarter Seffion are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every fuch Complaint, and make fuch Order therein, and to award fuch Coils as to them fhall feem reafonablc, and by their Warrant to levy the Coils which fhall be fo awarded, by Diftrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners after deducing the reafonable Charges; which Determination of the faid Juftices fhall be final and conclufive to all Parties concerned, and fhtil not he removed by Certiorari, or any Writ or Procefs vvhatfoever, into any of His Majcfty’s Courts of Record at V/eJbnirJler or elfewhere.

XCV. And be it further enabled, That nothing herein contained fhall ^ prejudice, leffen, or defeat the Right, Title, or Intereft of the faid George of Majors. Harry Earl of Stamford and Warrington, Francis Row don Hajiings Earl of Moira, William Herrick, Thomas March PbiJlipps, Edward Dawfon, William Parkin Bojville, Mary Bofworth, William Hood, jefeph Bcultbeei Thomas Boidtbee, John Boultbee, William Boult bee, Charles Boultlee, Augiiflus Richard Butler Danvers> and Peter Crompton, or of any other Perfon or Perfons who fhall. or may be refpedlively for the Time being Lord or Lords of any Honor or Honors, Manor or Manors, Lordfhip or Lordfhip , Jurffdi&ion or Jurifdi&ions, or repined Honor, Manor, Lordlhip, or Juriidi&ion, within the Limits whereof the faid Open Commonable Grounds or Wade Lands hereby directed to be incloftd, or any Part thereof refpedtively are comprized, of, in or to any Seigniories, Royalties,

Filheries, Free Warrens, Manerial Rights, Ecclefiaftical Rights, and other Rights, Cuftbms, and Services incident or belonging to fuch Honors,

Manors, Lord (hips or Jurifdi&ions, or any of them ; but that the faid Lords hercin-before particularly named, and fuch other Lord or Lords for the Time being, fhall and may at all Times hereafter hold and enjoy the fame, and all Rents and Services, Courts and Vffitations, Perquisites and Profits of Courts and Vifitarions, Fines, Free Warrens, Franchiles,

Waif*, Eftrays, Deodands, Efcheats, and all other Royalties, Privileges, Pre-eminences, and Appurtenances to fuch Honors, Manors, Lord-Ihips or Jurifdidlions refpeftively incident, belonging, appending or appertaining (except the Right of the Soil of the laid Open Grounds and Waite Lands, and the foreftrial Rightsiover the fame, tor which Compen-lation is herein-before directed to be made) in as full, ample, and hereof. & Per.J	28	Z	ficial

2574	48‘GEORGII III. Cap. 133.  ficial Manner as they refpedively conld or might hava held and enjoyed the lame, in cafe this Act had not been made.. J
General  Saving.	XCVI. Saving always unto the King’s moft H>:celfe»t Majefty, Hi* Heirs and Succeflors, and to all Bodies Politic and Corporate, and thyir Succeffors, and to all and every Perfon and Pci lb ns whomever, his and their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators and _AHigi>% ail fuch Eftatc, Right, Title, Intereft, Claim, and Demand whatLever (other than and except fuch as is and are hereby exprefied, meant, and -imended- co be barred, deftroyed, or extinguilhed) as they, every, or any of them had or enjoyed, in, to, 01 out of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, or might or could have held and enjoyed therein, in cale this Ad had not been made.
£ab!is Act.	XCVIL And be it further enaded, That this Ad dial! be printed by the Printer to the King’s molt Excellent Majefty, and a Copy thereof fo printed, fnall be admitted as Evidence thereof by adjudges, juftices, and others.
	LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majefty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.



Cap. 134.

An A A for inclofing Lands in the feveral Manors of Kingjlon-upon-lhamcs, and Imworth, otherwife Imbercourt, in the County of Surrey, and for felling Part of fuch Lands for the Purpofe of providing a Court Houfe and Market Ploufe for the faid Town.	[18th ‘June 1808.J

WHEREAS there are certain Commons and Waite Lands within and belonging to the feveral Manors of Kingston-upon-Tbames, and Imworth otherwife Imbercourt, in the Parifhes of King/ion-upon-Thames, and Thames Ditton, in the faid County of Surrey, containing in the Whole, Onethoufand three hundied Acres or thereabouts, and alio certain Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Failures within the faid Manor of Imzvortb otherwife Imbercourt, in the faid Pariih of Thames Ditton, containing in the Whole Fifty Acres or thereabouts; but the Parts and Proportions of the faid Lands belonging to the faid feveral Manors, are unknown, or lie intermixed and open to rach other: And whereas the Bailiffs and Freemen of the Town of King-Jlon-upon-Tbames are Lords of the faid Manor of Kingston-upon-Thames, and Robert Taylor Efquire is Lord of the faid Manor of Imworth other-wife Imbercourt: And whereas George Hardinge Elquire is the Lay Impropriator of all the Great Tythes ariling, renewing, happening, and in-[Lyc. Csf Per.'}	29	A	creating

2573

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 134.

-creating within fo much of the faid Parifli of Kingflon-upon-Thames ?.s lies within the faid Manor of Kingj'ton-upcn-Tbames; and the Right Honourable Petpr Lord King is the Lay Impropriator of all the Great Tythes arifing within fo much of the faid Parifli of ’Thames Ditton, as lies within the Refidue of the faid Manor of Kingfion-upon-Tbames ; and the faid Robert Taylor, William Spear Efquire, and feveral other Perfons, are or fome or one of them is Lay Impropriators of a certain Portion of the Great Tythes arifing within fo much of the faid Parifh of Thames Ditton as lies within the Manor of lmworth ; And whereas the Right Worfhipful Humphrey Sumner Doftor in Divinity, Provofl of the King’s College of Bleffed Mary and Saint Nicholas in Cambridge, and the Scholars of the fame College, are the Patrons of the Vicarage and Parifh Church of the faid Parifh of Kingflon-upon-Thames, and George Savage Clerk is the Vicar thereof, and as 'fuch is entitled to ail the Small Tythes arifing within the faid Parifh of KingJlon-upon-Thamcs; and the faid Provofl: and Scholars are the Patrons of the perpetual Curacy of the faid Parifh of Thames Ditton aforefaid, and William Ellis Clerk is the Curate thereof, and as fuch is entitled to all the Small Tythes arifing within the faid Parifh of Thames Ditton : And whereas the Right Honourable George John Earl Spencer, the faid Bailiffs and Freemen, the Right Honourable Henry Fitzgerald, commonly called Lord Henry Fitzgerald, the faid Peter Lord King, Robert Taylor, Thomas Evance, John Polhill, Chriftopher Terry, Thomas Langley, Jonathan Jofiah Chriftopher Watfon, and Alexander Brodie Efquires, and I feveral other Perfons, are Owners and Proprietors of divers Mefiuages,

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the Hid feveral Manors and Parifhes, and in refpeft thereof or otherwife are entitled to Right of Common upon the faid Commons and Wafte Lands ; and the faid Lord Henry Fitzgerald and Robert Taylor and John Baker and Jofcph Wells, Gentlemen, and feveral other Perfons, are Owners and Proprietors of the faid Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Paftures, fituate within the faid Manor of hmvorth otherwife hnbercourt, in the faid Parifli of Thames Ditton: And whereas an A<ft was palfed in the Forty-firft Year of the Reign of his prefent Majefly, intituled, An Adi for confoli-dating into One Act certain Provifions ufually inferted in Adis of Indofure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the feveral Fadls ifually required in the pajfing of Juch Adis: And whereas the Lands and Grounds of the re-fpedive Proprietors in the aforefaid Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Paftures, lie intermixed and difperfed in fmall Parcels, and the fame and alfo the faid Commons and Wafte Lands in their prefent State are incapable of much Improvement; and it would be of great Advantage to the feveral Perfons interefted, if the faid Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Paftures were divided and indofed, and ipecific Parts allotted to the feveral Proprietors thereof in Proportion to their refpeftive Property therein, and if the faid Commons and Wafte Lands were divided and inclofed, and fpecilic Parts allotted to the feveral Perfons interefted therein according to their refpe&ive Rights, and if Allotments were made in lieu of the Tythes of the faid Commons and Wafte Lands in Manner hereinafter mentioned: And whereas the prefent Court Houfe of the faid Town of Kings t on-upon-Thames, in which the Lent Affizes and Michaelmas Quarter Sefiions of the Peace for the faid County are holden, is extremely incommodious and much out of Repair, and not fit for the Reception of His Majefty’s Judges of Afiize, or of His Ma-jefty’s Jultices of the Peace for the laid County ; and the Market Houfe

in

2579

48® GEORG 11 III. Cap. 134*

in the faid Town is alfo very ruinous and decayed, as well os much too fmall for the Purpofes for which it was intended; and it would be for the Benefit and Advantage of the faid Bailifts and Freemen and of the Inhabitants at large of the faid Town of Kingston-upon-Thams, if t ie Allotment and Allotments to be made to the faid Bailiffs and Freemen out of the faid Commons and Wade Grounds, fituate within the faid Manor of Kingston-upon - T'homes, were to be foldand difpofed of, and the Money thereby arifingor a fufficient Partthereofto be laid outandappropriated for and towards the Purpofes of erefting and building a new Court Houfe, with proper Rooms and Conveniencies thereto, and alfo a new Market Houfe: But as all or any of fuch feveral Objects cannot be attained without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; may it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be it enabled by the King's moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That 'Thomas Crawler of Cobham, Commlfllon* and William Neale of Cheam in the faid County of Surrey, Gentlemen, and cr£* their Succefl'ors, to be eleftcd in Manner herein-after mentioned, fhall be and they are hereby appointed Commiflioners for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the faid Open Common Fields, Meadows, Paftures, Commons, and Wafte Lands, and for carrying this Aft and the faid recited Aft into Execution, fave and except fuch Parts of the faid recited Aft as are hereby varied or altered.

II. And, for the Purpofe of fettling and determining any Difference or Appointment Difpute that may arife between the faid Commiftioners, touching or con- of UmP‘rc* cerning any of the Matters and Things to be by them done and performed in purfuance of the faid recited Aft or of this Aft •, be it further enafted.

That they are hereby required, within Fourteen Days after their taking and fubfcrihing the Oath by the faid recited Aft directed to be by them taken and,fubfcribed,by Writing under their Hands, tochufe, nominate, and appoint fome proper and fkiiful Perfon fnot interefted in any Lands or Hereditaments to be divided and allotted within the faid refpeftive Parifhes and Manors) who fhall be wiliing and confent to aft as an Umpire ; and in cafe the faid Commiflioners fhall not within the faid Space of Fourteen Days have nominated and appointed fuch Umpire, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Lords of the faid feveral Manors, Lay Impropriators, Vicar and Curate for the Time being, and of the Owners and Proprietors of and Perfons interefted in the faid Open and Common Fields, Meadow's, Paftures, Commons, and Wafte Grounds, by this Aft direfted to be divided, allotted and inclofed, or the major Part of them in Value (fuch Value to be afcertained by the Land Tax Affeffments of the faid Manors and Parifhes) who fhall be prefent at a Meeting to be held for that Purpofe in the Town of Kingston-upon-Thamcs aforefaid, of which Meeting Fourteen Days Notice at the leaft, and of the Purpofe thereof, and of the Time and Place of holding the fame, fhall be given by Advcrtifement with the Name or Names of any One or more of the faid Owners or Proprietors or Perlbns interefted as aforefaid thereto, in the Newfpaper called the County Chronicle, if then publifhed, and if not then in fome oth°r Newfpaper circulated in the faid County of Surrey, and alfo by Writing to be affixed on the principal outer Doors of the Parifh Church of Kingston aforefaid, by Writing,

6	under

2580

Tot appointing another Per'oi*. in his Room in case of iiis Death-

Meeting to be holden at the Town of Kingston-upon-Thajnes aforefaid, of which Meeting Fourteen Days Notice at the lea ft of the Purpofe thereof, and of the Time and Place of holding the fame, {hall be given by Adver-tifement, with the Name or Names of the faid Owners and Proprietors, or Perfons interefted as aforefaid thereto, in the Newfpaper called the The County Chronicle, if then publifhed, and if not, then in fome other Newfpaper circulated in the faid County of Surrey, and alfo by Writing to be affixed on the princ pal outer Doors of the Parifli Church of Kingston aforefaid, by Writing under their Hands to nominate and appoint one other Perfon as Umpire in the Room or Stead of the Perfon fo dying, re-fufing to act, or becoming incapable of acting in the Execution of the faid recited Aft: and of this Aft: as fuch Umpire ; and lo from Time to Time ks often as any Perfon lo nominated and appointed an Umpire fhall die, or refufe to aft, or become incapable of acting in the Execution cf the faid recited Act and of this Aft: ; and in cafe any fuch Umpire fhall neglect to fettle and determine any fuch Difference or Difpute within Twenty-one Days after the fame (hall nave been referred to him by the faid Commiffioners, fuch Negleft: (hall be deemed and taken to be a Refund to act within the Intent and Meaning of this Aft.

111. Provided always, and be it enafted, That no Perfon (hall be capable of afting in the Execution of this Aft: as Umpire, until he fhall have taken and fubferibed the Oath following 5 (that is to fay),

‘ I A. B-

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 134.

under their Hnnds, to nominate and appoint fuch Umpire; and the faid Umpire when fo nominated and appointed, is hereby authorized and required to hear and determine any Difference or Difpute which may arife between the faid Commiffioners touching any Matter or Thing relating to the faid Divifion, Allotment, and Incloftire; and the Judgement and Determination of the faid Umpire therein (hall be deemed and confidered to be the Judgement and Determination of the faid Commiffioners, and ffiall be final and conclufive upon the faid Commiffioners, and upon all other Perfons concerned in the faid Divifion, Allotment, and Inclofure, fo far as the Judgement and Determination of the faid Commiffioners are by the faid recited Act and this Aft made final and conclufive : Provided always, that in cafe the Perfon fo to be nominated and appointed by virtue of this Act Umpire as aforefaid, {hall die or refufe to aft or become incapable of acting in the Execution of the faid recited Aft: or this Aft: as fuch Umpire, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the laid Commiffioners, within Fourteen Days after fuch Death, Refufal, or Incapacity cf fuch Umpire, from Time to Time to nominate and appoint another Perfon as fuch Umpire in the Room or Stead of the Perfon fo dying, refufing to aft, or becoming incapable to aft: as fuch Umpire in the Execution of the faid recited Aft: and this Aft: ; and in cafe the faid Commiffioners ffiall not within the faid Space of Fourteen Days have nominated and appointed fuch Umpire as aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful ro and for the Lords of the faid leveral Manors, Lay Impropriators, Vicar, and Curate for the Time being, and of the Owners and Proprietors of and Perfons interefted in the laid Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Paftures, Commons, and Wafte Grounds, by this Aft: direfted to he divided, allotted, and inclofed, or the major Part cf them in Value (fuch Value to be afeertained by the Land Tax Affeffment of the faid Manors and Parifhes) who fhall be prelent at a

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 134.	258^

4	T A.B. do fwear, that I will faithfully, impartially, and honeftly, ac- 0atIl«

*	-*■ cording to the bell of my Skill and Ability, execute and perform 6 the Truft. Power, and Authority repofed in me as Umpire, by virtue ‘ of an Ad made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George

*	the Third, intituled. An Ad there Infert the Title of this Ad.']

* So help me GOD/

Which Oath it fhall be lawful to and for either of the faid Commiflioners to adminifter (who is and are hereby required to adminifter the fame); and fuch Oath when fo taken and fubferibed by fuch Umpire, fliall be annexed to and inrolled with the Award of the faid Commimonerr.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in cafe the faid Thomas Craivter, or any Commiflioner to be appointed in his Stead as herein-after is men- mifl,oners. tioned, fhall cie, refute to ad, or be incapable of ading in the Execution of the faid recited Act or this Aft, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and maybe lawful to and for the Lords of the feveral Manors aforefaid, together with the Lay Impropriators, Patrons, Vicar, and Curate for the Time being of the aforefaid feveral Parifhes, or the major Part of them, within One Calendar Month next alter fuch Death, Refufal, or Difability, fhall be fignified by the remaining Commiflioner to fuch Lords of Manors,

Lay Impropriators, Patrons, Vicar, and Curate refpedively, by Notice in Writing given to them or left at their Taft or ufual Place of Abode, from Time to Time to elect and appoint a new Commiflioner in the Stead of fuch Commiflioner fo dying, refufjng, or becoming incapable of acting in the Execution of the laid recited A£t and this Ad ; and fo from Time to Time as often as any Commiflioner to be nominated or appointed by fuch Lords of Manors, Lay Impropriators, Patrons, Vicar, and Curate, fhall die, refufe, or become incapable to ad in the Execution of the faid recited Ad and this Ad ; and in cafe the faid William'Neal, or any Commiflioner to be appointed in his Stead as herein-after mentioned, fhall die, refufe, or become incapable to ad in the Execution of the faid re-.cited Ad and this Ad, then and in every fuch Cafe it fliall and may be lawful for the major Part in Value (fuch Value to be afeertained by the Land Tax Afleflments), of the Proprietors of or Perfons interefted in the faid Open Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, and Wafte Lands fo oireded to be divided, and inclofed as aforefaid (other than andexcept the Lords of the aforefaid Manors, and the faid Lay Impropriators, Vicar, Patrons, and Curate for the Time being) who fhall be prefent at a Meeting to be holdenfor itiat Purpofe in the Town of King-fion-upon-Thames aforefaid, within One Calendar Month next after fuch Death, Refufal, or Incapacity fhall be fignified by the remaining Commiflioner, from Time to Time to elect and appoint a new Commiflioner in the Stead of fuch Commifflomr fo dyin^, refufing, or becoming incapable to ad; of which lad-mentioned Death, Refufal, or Incapacity, Notice fhall be affixed upon the mod publick Doors of the Parifli Churches , of Kingsto/i-upon-Thames and Thames Ditton, upon fome Sunday at lead Ten Days before fuch Meeting ; and fo from Time to Time as often as any Commiflioner fo to be eleded by fuch Owners and Proprietors and Perfons interefted as aforefaid, fliall die, refufe, or become incapable to ad in the Exec ution of the faid recited Ad and this Ad ; and every fuch Eie&ion and Appointment of a new Commiflioner fhall be reduced into ’ Writing, and figned by the Perfons making fuch Eledion and Appoint-[Loc. d? Per.]	29 B	ment.

2582

48s GfeORGII III. Cap, 134.

tiient, and {ball be delivered to the remaining Commiffioner; and in cafe the faid refpedive Parties or any of them fhall make Default in appointing any fuch new Commiffioner as aforefaid, then the remaining Com-miffioner fhall and he is hereby required from Time to Time by Writing under his Hand, within Fourieen Days after the Expiration of the Time allowed to the refpedive Parties for naming fuch new Cunmiffioner, to appoint another Commiffioner in the Place of fuch Commiflioner fo dying, refufing to aft* or becoming incapacitated ; and every fuch Commillioner fo to be appointed fhall have the like Powers and Authorities for putting this Ad into Execution in all Refpeds as the Commiflioner in whofe Place he had been appointed had been inverted with.

^OeTk and	And	^	^urc^er ena&ed. That the faid Commiffioners fhall have

surveyor. * Power and they are hereby authorized to appoint fotne fit and proper Per-fon to be their Surveyor, and alfo fome fit and proper Perfon to be their Clerk, to aflift them in carrying this Ad into Execution j and fuch Surveyor and Clerk from 'l ime to Time to remove* and nominate and appoint fome other fit and proper Perfon or Perfons to fucceed him or them fo removed in fuch Office, as to the faid Commiffioners fhall feem meet,, and to pay and allow to fuch Surveyor and Clerk refpedively fuch Sum and Sums of Money for their and each of their Attendances, Trouble, and Expences, as to the faid Commiffioners fhall feem meet.

ZUowance to Cammifnon-

VI.	And be it further enaded. That out of the Money which fhall be raifed for defraying the Expences of obtaining and executing this Ad, each of the faid Commiffioners and the laid Umpire, who fhall be appointed in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities hereby and by the faid recited Ad verted in them, fhall be paid for each and every Day he*fhall be employed in any Bufinefs relative to the Execution of this Ad, or of the Powers hereby verted in him, the Sum of Three Pounds Three Shillings and no more, in full Satisfadion and Difcharge for his Time and Trouble, and for thefeveral Expences that he fhall be put unto during his feveral Attendances in the Execution of this Ad: Provided always, that the faid Proprietors, their Attornies and Agents, fhall pay their own Ext pences when they or any of them fhall attend the faid Commiffioners or Umpire at any of their Meetings to be held in purfuance of this Ad.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Commiffioners fhall caufe Notice to be given in the Parifh Church of Kingston aforefaid, on fome Sunday during or immediately after Divine Service, or by Writing to be affixed on One of the principal outer Doors of the faid Church, and alfo by Advertifemer.t to be inferted in the Newfpaper called The County Chronicle, or in fome other Newfpaper circulated in the faid County of Surrey, of the Time and Place of their Firft and every fubfequent Meeting for executing the Powers hereby verted ifi them, at leaft Ten Days before fuch Meeting fhall be holden (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted) and the faid Commiffioners fhall and may adjourn any fuch Meeting from Time to Time for the further Execution of this Ad; and in cafe both the faid Commiffioners fhall not be prefent at the Time and Place appointed for any Meeting, or to which any Meeting fhall be adjourned, it fhall be lawful for the Commiffioner prefent at fuch Time and Place, or for the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Commiffioners, in cafe neither of the faid Commiffioners fhall be prefent at fuch Time and Place,

t Q

2583

4.8"'GEORGII III. Cup. 134.

fo adjourn the faid Meeting lo be held on any future Day, not exceeding Fourteen Days from the Dav of Adjournment, at the fame or any other Place; and the faid Commiflioner or Clrrk making fuch Adjournment, is hereby required to give Notice thereof to the abfent Commifiioners :

Provided always, that all Meetings of the faid Commifiioners for the Execution of the faid recited Act and this A£l, (hall be holden within the faid refpective Parifhes of Kingston-irpon-Thames and ‘Thames Dittany or within Eight Miles of the Boundaries thereof reipeflively.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That all other No- Other Notice* tices necefiary or requisite to be given by the faid Commifiioners in pur- h?wt°be fuance of this Ad or of the faid recited Ad, (hail be given by Advcr- £IVC'' tifements to be inferted in the laid Newfpaper called The County Chreniclty or in fome other Newfpaper circulated in the faid County of Surrey.

IX.	And be it further enacted. That all Encroachments which fhall have been made upon the faid feveral Commons and W*fte Lands within the Space of Twenty and exceeding the Space of Five Years next be. fore the palling of this Ad, without any legal Grant or Authority for that Purpofe, {hall be deemed Part of the Commons and Wafte Lands to be divided and inclofed by virtue of this Act, and the fame fhall be divided and inclofed accordingly; provided neverthclefs, that all and every fuch Encroachments fhall be allotted to the Perfon or Perfons who fhall at the Time of making the faid Allotments be in the Poff-fiion of fuch Encroachments, or in the Receipt of the Rents and Profits thereof,as the Whole or Part of the Share or Portion of the faid Commons and Wafte Lands to which fuch Perfon or Perfons will be entitled by virtue of this Act, without confioering the Value of any Erections thereon of Improvements made therero ; and if fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall not be entitled to any Allotments under this Inclofure equal to the Value of fuch. Encroachments, but fhall be willing to purchafe the fame, then and in fuch Cafe ihe faid Commifiioners fhall alcertain the Price thereof or of fuch Part then of as fhall exceed the Rights of fuch Poflefforor PofiefTors thereof, in refpedt of any other Property as aforefaid ; and in afeertaining of fuch Price, the faid Coinmiflioners fhall not value the Buildings or other Improvements thereon, but fhall value the Land only, and that at fo much Money p,:r Acre as the fame fhall in their Eftimation be worth, having Reference to the Wade next adjoining ; and upon fuch Perfon or Perfons paying fuch Price per Acre to the faid Commifiioners at fuch Time or Times as they fhall for that Purpofe appoint, and taking their Receipt or Receipts for the fame, every fuch Encroachment or fuch Part thereof as fhall be fo purchafed, and alfo all Buildings and Improvements thereon, fhall thereupon become by virtue of this Atft veiled in fuch Purchafer or Purchalers, and his and their refpe6:ive Heirs and Af-figns, in Fee Simple, without any further or other Conveyance, Aflurance, Inftrument or Writing whatfoever; and the faid Commifiioners fhall apply fuch Purchafe Monies in defraying the Colts, Charges, and Ex-pences of obtaining and palling this Adi, and of carrying the fame into Execution ; and in cafe there fhall be any Surplus of fuch Monies after defraying fuch Cofts, Charges, and Expences as aforefaid, then and in fuch Cafe fuch Surplus Money fhall be divided and apportioned between the feveral Proprietors and Perfons interelted in the Lands hereby directed to be divided and inclofed, in fuch Shares as fhall be in Proportion to fuch their refpedlive Property and Interefls ; and the Shares of fuch of 3	them

Encroachment* which have b;cr, matfe within

Time to be deemed Part oi 1 lie Com-

2584

Encroach-

Commifllon.

Cotnnvfiion-ers not to dc-

Title”

Tower to af-fefs Colts.

48s GEORGII III. Cab. 134.

them as fhall be Tenants thereof in Fee Simple, fhall be paid to them t<£* Jpedively ; and the Shares of fuch other Proprietors or Perfons of and in fuch Surplus Money, fhall be applied and difpofed of in Manner directed by the faid recited Ad in thofe Cafes wherein any Money is to be paid for the Purchafe or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon ; and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the fame Ufes: Provided always, that all Err-croachmems made upon the faid Commons, and Waite Lands within the Space of Five Years immediately preceding the palling of this Ad, ft?all be thrown open, without any Recompence whatsoever to be made to the Pofieffor or PoflefTors thereof for or in refped of the fame.

X.	And be it further enaded. That if any Difpute or Difference fhall arife between any of the Parties interelted or claiming to be interelted in any of the Lands,' Tenements, or hereditaments to be affeded by this Ad, touching or concerning the refpedive Rights and Jr.terefts which they or any of them fhall have or claim to have in the fame, or touching or concerning any Allotment or Compenfation to be made in lieu thereof, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the Di-vifion and Allotments hereby direded to be made, it fhall bs lawful for the faid Commiflioners, and they sre hereby authorized and required to examine into, hear, and determine the fame : Provided always, that nothing in this Ad contained fhall authorize the Paid Commiflioners to determine the Title to any Mefluages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatfoever ; and provided alfo, that nothing herein contained fhall authorize or empower the faid Comm IB oners to divide, allot, or inclofe, or other wife intermeddle with a certain Piece or Parcel of Common and Wafte Land, containing Thirty Acres or thereabouts, lying within the faid Parifh of Thames Dilton, on the South Side of a certain Stream crofiing a Part of the faid Commons called Ditton Marjh, and which faid Piece or Parcel of Land is claimed by the faid Peter Lord King, as Part of the Commons 2nd Wafte Lands belonging to his Lordfhip’s iVla-nor of Clay gate-.

XI.	And be it further enaCted, That in cafe the faid Commiflioners fhall upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections to be delivered to them in purfuance of rhe laid recited Act or of this ACl, fee Caufe to award any Cofts, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners, upon Application made to them for thatPurpofe, to fettle, affefs, and award fuch Cofts and Charges as they fhall think reafonable to be paid to the Party or Parties in whofe Favour any Determination of the Commiflioners fhall be made, by any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or C ollegiate, whole Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, fhall be thereby difatlowed or over-ruled; and in Cafe the Perfon or Perlons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, who fhall be liable to pay fuch Cofts or Charges, fliall negleCt or refufe to pay the fame on Demand, then and in fuch Cafe it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby authorized and required by Warrant under their Hands and Seals directed to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, to caufe fuch Cofts and Charges to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons,

2585

4$“GE0RGn III. Cap. 1.34,

Tons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, To negleding or refufing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Perfon or Per funs, Body or Bodies Politick, Co;porate or Collegiate, whofe Goods and Chattels (hall have been fo diftrained and fold, after deducting the Cofts and Charges attending fuch Ditlrefs and Sale.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That in cafe any Per- part'es dif-fon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, inte- ^tisfied with reded or claiming to be inte reded in the faid intended Divifion and Ah tion oi c"m. lotments, lhall be diffatisfied with any Determination of the faid Com- miflioners, miflioners or Umpire, touching cr concerning any Claim or Claims of Right to the Soil of the faid Open and Common Fields, Common Mea- Law. dows, Padures, and Wade Grounds, or of any Rights of Common, or other Rights or Intereds in, over, and upon the fame or any Part thereof, it lhall and may be lawful to and for the Perfon or Perfons fo diffatif-fied to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter fo determined by the faid Commiffioners or Umpire, at the then next or at the following Aflizes to be holden for the faid County of Surrey; and for that Purpofe the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, who fhall be diffatisfied with the Determination of the faid Commiflioners or Umpire, fhall caufe an Adion to be brought upon a feigned I due againft the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, in whofe Favour fuch Determination fhall have been made within Three Calendar Months next after fuch Determination of the faid Commif-fioners and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Adion or Adions, {hall, and he, fhe, and they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attoinies, who fhall appear rhereto and file Common Bail, and accept One cr more Iffue or Iffues whereby fuch Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infifted on, may be tried and determined (fuch Iffue cr Iffues to be fettled by the proper Officer cf the Court in which fuch Adion or Adions fhall be commenced, in cafe the Parties differ about the fame); and the Verdid or Veraids which fhall be given in fuch Adion or Adions fhall be final, binding, aDd conclufive upon all and every Perfon and Perfons whomfoever. Body and Bodies Politick,

Corporate or Collegiate, unlels the Court wherein fuch Adion or Adions {hall be brought fhall fet afide fuch Verdid or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be held ttierein, which it fhall be lawful for the Court to do, as is ufual in other Cafes ; and after fuch Verdid or Verdids fhall be obtained and not let afide by the Court, the faid Commiffioners fhall and they are hereby required to ad in Conformity thereto, and allow or difollow the Claim or Claims thereby determined according to the Evenc of luch Trial or Trials.

XI!I. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That the Deterini- Determ'na. nation of the faid Commiffioners or Umpire, touching fuch Claim or Claims ro the Right to the Soil of the faid Open and Common Fields, which noo-,* Common Meadows, Failures, and VVafle Grounds, and other Rights and ie<ft,on ^bll Iuterefh in, over, and upon the Lands and Grounds hereby direded to be to be final, divided and allotted, which fhall not be objeded to, or being objeded to, theParty,or Parties objedingan.:not caufing fuch Adion atLawtobebrought and proceeded in asaforefaid, fhall be final and conclufive upon all Parties.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no fuch Diffe*-ence. Suit or Proceeding as aforefaid, nor any Difference, Difpute, or Execution of [Lee. & Per.]	29	C	Proceeding	\^e^ers ot

2586	48°	GEORGII	III.	Gap.	134.

Proceeding touching the Title to any Lands, Tenementg, or Hereditaments, fhall impede or delay the faid Commiffioners in the Execution of this At>, but the Divifion and Inclofure hereby directed to be made, lhall be proceeded in notwithftanding any fuch Difference, Suit, or Proceeding.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties, Plaintiff or Defendants in any Aftion to be brought in purfuance of this Adi, fhail die pending the fame, fuch Action fhall not abate by Reafon thereof, but fhall be proceeded in as if no fuch Event had happened.

Deaths of par	XVI. Provided always, and be it further enafled, That if any Perfon

ties before or Perfons in whofe Favour any fuch Determination as aforefaid fhall have Attions been made, and againft whom any fuch Adlion or Actions might have fame tobe e been brought, if living, fhall die before any fuch A&ion or Actions fhall have carried on been brought, and before the Expiration of the Time herein-before limited fnfheii-611 Cd bringing fuch Aclion or Actions, it fhall be lawful for the Perfon or Names. Perfons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, who might have brought tuch Aclion or Aflions againft: the Perfon or Perfons fo dying, to bring the fame within the Time fo limited as aforefaid againft: fuch Perfon or Perfons as if actually living, and to ferve the Clerk to the faid Commiffion-ers with Procefs for commencing fuch Action or Actions in the fame Manner as the Party or Parties might have been ferved therewith if living; and it fhall thereupon be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, or other Perfon or Perfons who fhall claim the Benefit of fuch Determination as aforefaid, to appearand defend fuch A&ion or Actions in the Name or Names of the Perfon or Perfons fo dead, and Proceedings fhall be had therein in the fame Manner as if fuch Perfon or Perfons had been actually living; and the Rights of all Parties fhall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of fuch A&ion or Aftions.

Death of Parties not to ftay Proceedings at Law.

In cafes of

Perfons in XVII. Provided alfo, and be it further enafled, That nothing in this PoiTiflion not Act contained lhall extend to enable the faid Commiffioners to determine without°duced any R-'ght between any Parties contrary to the Poffelfion of any fuch eourfeof Parties, except in Cafes of Encroachments made within the Period of taw.	Twenty Years; but in cafe the faid Commiffioners fhall be of Opinion

again!! the Right of the Perfon or Perf.ns fo in Poffelfion, they (hall forbear to make any Determination thereupon until the Poffelfion lhall have been given up by or recovered from fuch Perfon or Perfons by Ejefimenc or other due Courfe of I.aw.

Power to turn XVIII. And be it further enadled, That the faid Commiffioners lhall RoLj°P	an<* may turn or a*,ate aac* tt°P up, or caufe or order to be turned or

0 '	abated.and Hopped up any ancient Carriage Road or Way, Roads or Ways,

or any ancient footway or Path, Footways or Paths, in, through, upon, or over any of the Lands or Grounds within the faid refpeftive Manors of Kingsten-upm-Thames, and Imworth otherwife Imbercottrt, where they lhall judge it requifue or expedient, giving fuch Notice of a Day to be appointed by them to receive Objections thereto, as in the faid recited Act is direfted and requited in the Cafe of the letting out the Roads and Ways therein mentioned, and obferving the Direftions of the faid recited Aft as to the obtaining the Concurrence and Order of Two Juftices of the Peace previous thereto, and fubjeft to an Appeal to the Quarter Selfions, in fuch Manner and under fuch Rules and Regulations as in the faid recited Aft are mentioned; and the laid Commiffioners lhall and may in and by their 8	Award

2587

4-8*GEORGII III. Cap, 134.

Award order and appoint the Grafs and Herbage growing and renewing on and upon all and every the publick and private Roads to be fet out and afcertained by them by virtue of this and the faid recited Aft, to be and for ever thereafter remain to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Per-fon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, as they the faid Commiflioners (hail in their Opinion think beft entitled to the fame.

XIX.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiflioners (hall and Lands tobe may, and they are hereby authorized and required, after fetting out the in^Expe^ceV feveral Roads and Ways in Manner by the faid recited Aft direfted, and after making the faid feveral Allotments herein-after mentioned, to the Surveyors of Parifhes, the Tythe Allotments and Manorial Allotments, in the next Place to proceed to mark and fet out fuch Part or Parts of the faid Commons and Watte Grounds as will by the Sale thereof, in the Judgement of the faid Commiflioners, raife Money fuSicient to defray and difeharge all the Colls, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and palling of this Aft, fo far as relates to the Inclofure of the faid Lands and Grounds, and of preparing and depofiting the faid Award and the Copies thereof, and of furveying, admeafuring, planning, valuing, dividing, and allotting the faid Commons and Wafle Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclofed by virtue thereof, and all the Charges of the faid Commiflioners, their Afliftants and Servants, and all other the necefiary Expences of the feveral Perfons to be employed by the faid Commiflioners in and about the faid Commons and Wafle Grounds, and all che Expences of forming, completing, and repairing the publick Carriage Roads and Highways to be fet out and appointed by the laid Commifli-oners in, over, or upon the faid Commons and Wafle Grounds, and of ring-fencing the Allotments to the faid Impropriators, Vicar, and Curate; and the faid Commiflioners (hall and they are hereby required to fell the Lands and Grounds fo marked and fet out, in fuch Allotment or Allotments fo as to them (h.di feem right and proper, to any Perfon or Perkins for the befl Price or Prices that can be gotten for the fame, by private Contract or by publick Auction or Auctions to be holden for that Pur-pofe, of which Auction or Auctions refpeftively Three Weeks previous Notice4ha.ll be given j and the Perfon or Perfons fo purchafmg the fame by private Contract, or at fuch publick Auftion, (hall immediately pay (by Way of Depofit) into the Hands of the faid Commiflioners, or Inch Perfon or Perfons as they firall direft and appoint, One-fifth Part of his, her, or their Purchafe Money, and pay the Remainder thereof within Six Calendar Months next after the laid Sale, or at fuch other Time as the faid Commiflioners fliall appoint, and in Default thereof the Money fo de-pofited fhall be forfeited, and fliall be applied in carrying this Aft into Execution; and the Allotment or Allotments for which the Whole of fuch Purchafe Money fliall not have been fo paid, or for which there (hall be no Bidding at fuch Auftion, (hall be again put up to Sale and fold by publick Auftion in Manner aforefaid, for the bed Price or Prices that can be gotten for the fame, or be fold by the faid Commiflioners by private Contraft for any Sum or Sums not lefs than the remaining Nine-tenths of the Price or refpeftive Prices for which the fame was or were refpeftively before fold, or the Amount of One Bidding above the Sum or refpeftive Sums at which the fame was or were refpeftively put up in the (aid .former Auftion ; and every Allotment (or which the full Purchafe Money

fhall

2588

4?° GEORGII III. Cap. 134.

fliall be paid, fhall immediately thereupon be abfolutely difcharged of and from all Common and other Rights thereon or therein, and be verted in Fee Simple in and be inclofed and thenceforth held in Severalty by fuch Purchafer or Parchafers thereof refpedively, as his, her, or their private and abfolute Property, and (hall be allotted accordingly by the faid Com-iniflioneis, and the Purchafe Money ftiall be applied by the faid Commif-fioners in defraying fuch Cofts, Charges, and Expences as aforefaid.

of*Surplus XX. And be it further enabled, That in cafe fuch Part or Parts of Money. the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds hereby directed to be fold as herein-before mentioned, fhall be fold for more Money than will be required to defray fuch Cofts, Charges, and Expences as aforefaid, then and in fuch Cafe fuch Surplus Money fliall be divided and apportioned between the feveral Proprietors and Perfons interefted in the Lands hereby direded to be divided and inclofed, in fuch Shares as fhall be in Proportion to fuch their refpedive Property and Interefts, and the Shares of fuch of them as fhall be Tenants thereof in Fee Simple ftiall be paid to them refpedively; and the Shares of fuch other Proprietors or Perfons of and in fuch Surplus Money, fliall be applied and difpofed of in Manner direded by the faid recited Ad in thofe Cafes wherein any Money is to be paid for the Purchafe or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the fame Ufes.,

Defraying

of Money raiftd by Sale

XXI.	And be it further enaded, That all Cofts, Charges, and Expences (in cafe the Money railed by the Sale of the Lands herein direded to be fold fliall be infuflicient to defray the lame) of iurveying. planning, valuing, dividing, and a lotting the Lands and Grounds which lhaJi by virtue of this r\d be allotted to the I ordsof the faid Manors, and Proprietors of the L^nds, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the fame, and the Cofts, Charge', and Expends incident to and attending the obtaining this Ad, and of fencing the feveral Tythe Allotments, and of preparing, copying, and depofiting, the Award of the faid Commiflioners, and all the Charges and Expences of the faid Commiflioners, their Clerks, Afliftants, and Servants, and all other recefi'ary Expences of the fevaral Perfons to be employed by the faid Commiflioners in and about the Pre-raifes, either before or after the Execution of the faid A warn; and all the Expences of forming, completing, and repairing thepublick Carriage Roads and Highways to befet out and appointed by the faid Commiflioners, and all other Expences of carrying this Ad and the faid recited Ad into Execution, lhall be borne and defrayed by the feveral Perfons to whom any Allotment or Allotments fhall be made by virtue of this Ad (lave and except the feveral Allotments of the faid Lay Impropriators, Vicar and Curate for the l ime being, in refped of any Allotment or Allotments which fhall be made to them refpedively in refped of their faid Tythes); which faid Cofts, Charges, and Expences, together with the Proportions thereof to be paid by the feveral Perfons hereby made liable to the Payment thereof, fhall be fettled and aajuiled by the laid Commif-fioners, and fhall be paid at fuch Time and Place and to fuch Perlon or Perfons as the faid Commiflioners fhall appoint, either before or after the Execution of their faid Award ; and in cafe any Perfon nr Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, fhall refufe or negled to

pay

48* GEORG 11 III. Cup, 134*	^5^9

pay his, her, or their Share or Proportion of fuch Cods, Charges, and Expences, according to fuch Direction or Appointment as aforefiid, then and in fuch Cafe the fame fhall and may be recovered in Manner directed by the laid recited Ad.

XXII.	And be it further enaded, That if any Perfons (hall advance Money ad-and pay any Money in Difcharge of the Expences of obtaining and exe- J^"a«?whh • cuting this Ad, the Money fo paid and advanced lhall be repaid and far if- intcreft.

tied by the Diredion of the laid Commiflioners, together with lawful In-tereft for the fame.

XXIII.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Commiflioners fhall Allotments and they are hereby authorized and required to fet out, allot, and award Grlvci°r8 unto the Surveyors of the Highways within the faid refpedive Parilhes Pits.

of Kingston-npon-Thames and Thames Ditton, for the l ime being, fuch Part and Parts of the faid Commons and Wafte Lands within the faid refpedive Parilhes and M-nors hereby direded to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, as the faid Commiflioners fhall think proper and neceffary, for public Pits for getting Gravel and other Materials for making and repairing the prefent Roads or Ways, or any Roads or Ways within the faid refpedive Parilhes, to be made by virtue of this Ad or of the faid recited Ad ; and fuch faid f-veral Allotments and Pa ts of Land, when fo allotted, fet out, and awarded, fhall be 'veiled in the refpedive Surveyors of the Highways of the faid feveral Parilhes of Kingsion-upon-Thamesy^nd Thames D/tf&i, for the Time being, in fuch Manner and under fuch Rules and Regulations as the faid Commiflioners fliall in and by their Award d!reCt and appoint.

XXIV.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Commiflioners fhall p^he19 and they are hereby auihorized and required to fet out, div de, allot, and owneis, vl* award into, for, and amongfl the faid refpedive Impropriators, Vicar, and cars» Curate, according to their feveral and refpedive Rights and Interefts in

and .over the faid Commons and Wafte Lands (and diftinguilhing and fe-pararing by their faid Award each of the faid Allotments fo to be made to the laid feveral Impropriators from the other of them, and each of the faid Allotments fo to be made to the faid Vicar and Curate from the other of them) for and in lieu of and as a full Compenfation for all their re-fpeitive Tythes both Great and Small, and all Modufes, Compofitions, or Dues and Payments whatfoever (except Mortuaries, Eajler Offerings, and Surplus Fees) growing, arifing, accruing, ifluing, or payable in, out of, from, and upon the faid Commons and Wafte L ands hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, fuch feveral Plots, Parcels, and Allotments of the fame Commons and Wafte Lands in the faid refpedive Manors and Parilhes, as fhall in the Judgement of the faid Commifliort-ers be equal in Value to one full Ninth Part of the faid Commons and Wafte Lands in the faid refpedive Parilhes and Manors which fhall remain after the feveral publick and private Roads to be fet out in purfuance of thi3 or of the faid recited Ad fhall be deduded therefrom.

XXV.	And be it further enaded, That the Lands and Grounds fo af- A1,0{menf* figned and allotted to fuch Lay Impropriators, Vicar and Curate refpec- Tythes”© b-tively, as a Satisfadion and Compenfation for all the Tythes both' Great h-h' tuhjett' and Small arifing, growing, renewing, happening, and payable refpedively ui^&T'a't

[Loc. d? Per*]	29 D	t0	the Tythc*.

*59°	48‘GEORGII	III. Cup. 134.

to him, her, or them, out of the faid Commons and Wafte Lands, and all Modufes, Compofitions, and other Payments in lieu thereof, fhall ftand limited,fettled, and allured to, for, and upon fuch and the fame Eftates,Ufes, irufts, Intents, and Purpofes, as fuch Tythes, Modufes, Compofitions, and other Payments refpeftively (hall ftand limited and be fubjeft and liable to at the 1 ime of making fuch Allotments refpeftively.

ment'of*	XXVI. And be it further enabled, That immediately after the faid Com-

T/tiies.	miifioners fhall have fet out the feveral and refpeftive Allotments herein-

before directed to be made to the faid Impropriators, Vicar, and Curate, in lieu of and as a Compenfation for their feveral and refpeftive Rights of Tythes aforefaid, and fhall have given Notice thereof in Writing under their Hands, to be affixed on the refpeftive Doors of the feveral Parifh Churches of Kingston-upon-Thames and Thames Ditton aforefaid, all Tythes both Great and Small arifing, growing, renewing, increafing, happening, or payable in, out of, from, or upon the faid Commons and Wafte Lands to be divided and inclofed by virtue of this Aft, and all Modufes, Compen-fations, or other Payments in lieu of Tythes, and all other Ecclefiafti-cal Dues and Payments whatfoever (except Eajler Offerings, Mortuaries, and Surplus Fees) fhall ceafe and be for ever extinguifhed.

XXVil. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing in this Aft contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend fo as to alter, vary, prejudice, leffen, or in any ways affeft the Right of any Perfon or Perfons to any Tythes Great or Small of any Kind or Defcription whatfoever, or to any Modufes, Compofitions, or other Payments in lieu of Tythes, or any other Ecclefiaftical Dues or Payments whatfoever, in re-fpeft of the Lands and Grounds now inclofed in the faid refpeftive Pa-rifhes and Manors, or any of them, or in refpeft of the faid Common Fields, Meadows, and Failures, to be inclofed by virtue of this Aft, or any other Lands, Grounds, or Tenements, fave and except the faid Commons and Wafte Lands fo to be inclofed by virtue of this Aft.

Allotments XXVIII. And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiffioners fhall. Majors* °* and they are hereby required in the next Place to fet out, allot, and award unto the faid Bailiffs and Freemen, Lords of the faid Manor of Kingston-upon-Thames, and to the faid Robert Taylor, Lord of the faid Manor of Imworth otherwife Ifnbercourt, in refpeft of their faid refpeftive Manors within the faid Parilhes of Kingston-upon-Thames and Thames Ditton^ One-fixteenth Part of all the Commons and Wafte Lands lying within the faid refpeftive Manors and Parifhes, to be feparated and divided amongft the faid Lords of the faid feveral Manors, in Proportion to the Quantity and Quality of the Wafte Lands belonging to each of their faid Manors, lying within the faid Pari/hes, in lieu of the Rights of the Lords of the faid Manors in and to the Soil of the faid Commons and Wafte Lands refpeftively.

Not to affect Tythes of old Inclofures, Common &c.

ThjsAct not XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing herein the Manor° contained fhall authorize or empower the faid Commiffioners to divide, of Coambc. allot, or inclofe, or otherwife intermeddle with all or any Part of the Commons and Wafte Lands (if any fuch there be) fituate and being within the Manor cf Coombe, otherwife Coombe Neville, in the laid Parilh of

Kingflon-

2S9I

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 134.

Kingston-upoii-Tbames, and which Manor belongs to the faid George John Earl Spend#.

XXX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein This Act not contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to authorife or em- JJe Manor of power the faid Commillioners to divide, allot, or inclofe, or otherwife in- Weiton. termeddle with any Commonable or Wafte Lands or Grounds fituate

within the Manor of IVeJlon, in the faid Parilh of 'Thames Ditton, but that the laid Lands and Grounds (hall be exempted from the Powers and Provifions of this A£t.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Commillioners lhall c-m-niflion. not inclofe or intermeddle with a certain Piece or Parcel of the faid Com- Gig°»m* mons and Wafte Lands fituate within the faid Manor of Kingston-upon- Hill.

Thames, called Gig's Hill; and containing Three Acres or thereabouts, bounded on One Side by the London and Portfmoutb Road, and the Road

leading to Thames Ditton, and by certain Cottages, the Property of the late Sir Richard Sullivan Baronet.

XXXII.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Commillioners lhall Allotment* divide, fet out, and allot all the Refidue and Remainder of the faid Com- tcProPlietor,< mons and Wafte Lands in the faid refpective Parilhes and Manors hereby intended to be divided and allotted as aforefaid, unto and among!! the fe-veral Proprietors of and Perfons interefted in the Mefiuages, Cottages,

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the faid refpective Parilhes and Manors, in fuch Quantities, Shares, and Proportions, and in fuch Manner as by the faid Commilfioners lhall be adjudged and determined to be a juft and full Compenfation and Satisfaction for and equal to their feveral and refpective Rights and Interells of, in, and over the faid Commons and Wafte Lands, in refpect of their feveral and refpective MelTuages,

Cottages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments.

XXXIII.	And be it further enacted, That the feveral Plots and Parcels of Wafte Grounds fo to be fet out and allotted by virtue of this Act, as a Satisfaction and Compenfation for Great and Small Tythes, lhall be in-clofed and fenced on the ou'ward Boundaries thereof; and (until the Execution of the Award of the faid Commillioners) fuch Fences lhall be maintained, fupported, and preferved in fuch Manner as the faid Commiffion-ers lhall order and direct, by and out of the Money arifing from the Sale of the Lands and Tenements herein directed to be fold for the Purpofes of this Act as aforefaid, or by and out of the Rate or Rates herein-before directed to be made; and the faid Commillioners lhall in and by their faid Award order and appoint to whom the faid feveral Fences lhall belong, after the fame lhall have been properly made; and the faid feveral Fences lhall for ever thereafter be fecured, kept in Repair, maintained, and fupported by and at the Expence of the Perfon and Perfons to whom the fame lhall be fo awarded to belong.

XXXIV.	And be it further enacted, That all fuch Lands and Grounds Tenure of as lhall by Authority and in purfuance of this Act be allotted to any of Allotment*' the faid Proprietors, lhall be held by fuch Proprietors refpectively under

the fame Tenures, Rents, Culloms, and Services, as the Lands or other Property in refpeft of which fuch Allotments lhall be made were refpec-

AUotmenft to Impropriator^ Rector, and Vicar, to be fenced at t‘ c 6«eral Expence.

*klt	4S’ GEORGII HI. Cap,,134.

lively hel<4. and enjoyed; and the feveral .Lands and . Grounds-’which in the faid Award fhall be diftinguifhed to have been allotted in li$i ot Freehold Lands or other Property, fliall from the making and^xecu-dng thereof be deemed Freehold Lands, and (hall from thenceforth be held of the Lord of the Fee under the fame Rents and by the fame Services as the Freehold Lands or other Property in lieu of which they were allotted were before that Time held ; and the (everal Lands and Grounds which fliall be therein diflinguilhed to have been allotted in lieu of Copyhold Lands or other Property, fliall in like Manner be deemed Copyhold or. Cuftomary Lands, and (hall be held of the Lord of the Fee thereof under the f.me Rents, and by the fame Cufloms, Duties, and Services, as the Copyhold Lands or other Property in lieu of which they were fa allotted were or ought to have been held, and (h.il.l pafs by the like Surrenders as the prel'ent Copyhold Mefiuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in refpeft whereof fuch Allotment (hall be made, are now holden under or liable to; and the Lands and Grounds which fhall be therein diftingu (hed to have been allotted in lieu of Ltafehold Lands or otherLeafehold Property, (hall.be in like Manner deemed Leafe-hold, and (hall be held under the fame Rents as the Lands or other Property in lieu whereof they were fo refpeftively allotted were held ; and the Reverfion thereof (hail be veiled in the fame Lefiors refpeftively as the Reverfion of fuch other Lands and Property were veiled before the making this Aft, any Law, Cultom, or Ufage to the contrary notwith-(landing.

Ai!otrr?fnt^t° XXXV. And be it further enabled, That wherever any Lands, Tene-rhofc in re!1 ments, or Hereditaments (hall be in Leafe or under an Agreement fora fpect of which Leafe, the Allotments which fliall be made by virtue of this Aft for or in IST* refpeft of the Premifes comprifed in every fuch Leafe or Agreement, fliall be held by every fuch Lefiee during the Remainder of his Term if he thftiks proper; and then and in that Cafe the faid Commiflioners lhall fix the Amount of the additional Ren: to be paid by fuch Lefiee in Conflderation of the Improvement by the Inclofure, and of the Expence the Landlord will incur in the inclofing and fencing of the Allotments.

if the Inelo-lure thould be found detri-

^ompenfation XXXVI. And whereas Jofepb Goddard Gentleman, is Lefiee of the Rec-SSSr^S. torial Tythes of the faid Pari(h of Kingston-upon-Tbames, including the dani, as LeiTee Tythe of Wool and Lamb, and alfo of certain Lands in the faid Parifli nai Tyihe'°'	Kings ton-vpon-Thames,	under a certain Leafe from the faid George Har-

" 1 ’ * dirige; for the Term cf Twenty-one Years from Michaelmas One thou-fand eight hundred and five, determinable at the End of the firft Seven or Fourteen Years of the faid Term, at the Option of the faid Lefiee ; be it further enafted, That the faid Commiflioners (hall and they arc hereby required to inquire what (if any) Detriment or Lofs is likely to accrue to the faid Jofepb Goddard, his Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns, by or from the Inclofure of the faid Commons and Wade Lands; and that luchCommiflicners fhall, out of the faid Allotment or Allotments to the (aid George Hardinge in lieu cf Tythes, order and award fuch Compenfadon to the faid Jofepb Goddardy his Eixecutors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns, and in fuch Manner as they fliall think fie in refpect of fuch Lofs and Detriment (if any).

XXXVII. And

4'8° GE O R G11 III. Cap.tu-	2593

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it fhall be lawful for ary Per-fun or Perfons interefted in the laid Inclofures, at any 1 ime before the hetors Exe. Execution of the faid Award, to fell and difpofe of fuch Eftate,.Rights, ^com-Titie, and Property which he or they (hall have in, to, or upon the faid miffioners to Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclofed, or in or to any Allotment to be made in refpeft of any Common Right or other Intereft therein refpeftively by virtue of this Aft, and to convey the fame to the Purchaser or Purchafers by Deed or otherwife, according to the Tenure of the Eftateor Intereft in refpeft whereof fuch Allotments fliall be made, feparate from the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in right whereof he or they is, are, or fhall be fo entitled, fubjeft never-thelefs to all Settlements, Mortgages, and Incumbrances affecting fuch Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments; and every fuch Sale, being fpe-cified and fet forth in the faid Award, fliall be valid and effeftual to all Intents andPurpofes whatfoever, and the faid Commiffioners fhall award fuch Allotments to the Purchafers thereof accordingly.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enacted,That the faid Commiffioners fliall and they are hereby authorized and required to divide, fet out, and allot a,u] comm<n»; the faid Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Paftures within the faid *^s,£CIeA" Manor of Imworth otherwife Imbercourt, in the laid Parifh of Thames Lit- ows* c‘

Ion, unto and amongft the feveral Proprietors thereof equally and indifferently, fo that each and every of them may have and hold a juft, equal, and proportionate Part and Share, entire and lying together as near as Circumftances will admit, of the faid Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Paftures, raieably and proportionabiy according to the Quantities, Qualities, and Situations of the Lands there which they the faid Owners and Proprietors now refpeftively hold and enjoy ; and the faid Commiffioners fhall alfo mark out the feveral Allotments of the laid Fields, Meadows, and Paftures by proper Metes, Bounds, or Landmarks, and (hall alfo direft the faid Fields, Meadows, and Paftures to be flocked by the Owners thereof with Cattle, of fuch Sort, in fuch Numbers, at fuch Times, and for fuch Seafons, and fubjeft to fuch other Regulations as to the future Enjoyment thereof, and under fuch Penalties, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, lor any one Offence, as the faid Commiffioners fhall in their Judgement think proper and by their Award order and direft ; but that all other Common Rights in and upon the faid Fields, Meadows, and Paftures, fhall thereafter be extinguifned.

XXXIX.	And be it further enabled, That all and every Leafe and Leafes at Leafes or Agreements for a Leafe or Leafes for the letting or holding at Swthliffh* Rack Rent of all or any Part or Parts of the faid Open Common Fields, Manor of im-Common Meadows, and Common Paftures wiihin the faid Manor of Im- wo,tJ f ir worth, otherwife Imbercourt, in the faid Parifli of Thames Litton, hereby Common* intended to be divided and allotted or inclofed, either alone or together ^catedtf *>* with any other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditament1, fhall imme- cefiLy. nC" diately upon fuch Allotments and Divifions being made, and fuch Award or Inftrument being executed, or within fuch other Time as the faid Commiffioners fhall by fuch their Award or Inftrument or any other Writing direft or appoint, ceafe, determine* and be void; but at the fame Time fo far only as may be necef-fary to enable the faid Commiffioners to carry this Aft into Execution, the fcefpeftive Owners and Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, and Heredi-[Le£ Pcr.~\	29	E	mencs

*£94	+8fGE'0RGII	III.	Cap.	134.

ments fo in Leafe as aforefaid, making fuch reafonable Satisfa&ibn to th^ Leffec or Leflees, Tenant or Tenants, as the faid Commiflioners (hall dire^ or appoint on account thereof or as an Equivalent for the fame* Provided always, that in cafe it (hall appear to the faid Commi(ficw*el« more equitable that the Land to be allotted in Right of any Eftate held under or by virtue of any fuch Leafe or Leafes. Agreement or Agreements as herein-before mentioned, (hall be held by the Tenant or Tenants, Lefiee or Leflees of any fuch Eftates, during his, her, or their Term or Intereft therein, then and fo often it (hall be lawful for the faid Commif-fioners to aflign and allot the fame unto fuch Tenant or Tenants, Leflee ot Leflees accoidingly, and to fix and fettle what additional Rent or Deduction from Rent (hall be hereafter paid by or allowed to him, her, or them, unto or from the Perfon or Perfons entitled to the Reverfion thereof, for or in refpedt of the Expences which fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall fuftain in the fencing or other neceflary Improvements of the faid Lands fo to be allotted as aforefaid.

erTto make XL. And be lt further enacted, That the faid Commiflioners fhall and

Drain*. may fcour out and widen or caufe to be fcoured out and widened all fuch ahcientBrooks, Di relies. Drains and Watercourfes, Tunnelsand Bridges within the faid feveral Manors in the faid feveral Parifhes or either of them, and alfo (hall and may make, fet out, and appoint fuch new Ditches, Drains, Watercourfes, Tunnels, Gates, Banks, and Bridges, as well in, through, and over the Lan^s and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, as alfo in, over, and through any ancient lnclofures within the faid Manors and Parifhes refpe&ively, making* fuch Satisfa&ion to the Proprietors of fuch ancient lnclofures for the Damage done thereby, as they (hall think reafonable, and of fuch Depth and Breadth, and in fuch Directions as the faid Commiflioners fhall think proper ; and the faid Commiflioners (hall and may and they are hereby dire&ed and required in and by their Award to order and direct by whom and ac whofe Expence, and arwhat Time and in what Manner the faid Brooks, Ditches, Drains, Watercourfes, Tunnels, Gates, Banks, and Bridges, fhall be made, and afterwards cleaned, fcoured, repaired, and maintained: Provided always* that no fuch Streams or Brook fhall be diverted or turned without the Confcnt in Writing of the Owner or Owners of the Lands and Grounds from which any fuch Stream or Brook fhall be diverted, or into \vhldh any fuch Stream or Brook fhall be turned.	•	3

Wills end Settlements not to be af iected.

XLI. Provided always, and be it enacted. That nothing in this Act contained (hail extend or be conftrued to extend to revoke, make void, alter, or annul any Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any Perfon or Perfons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Debt, or Incumbrance out of, upon, or affecting any of the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments to be divided, allotted, or exchanged by virtue of the faid recited Act or of this Act, or any Part thereof, but that each and every Proprietor fhall ftand and be feifed of the feveral Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to be allotted to or exchanged with him or her as aforefaid, to fuch and the fame Ufes, and for fuch and the fame Ef-tates, and lubject to fuch and the fame Wills, Jointures, and Charges, and no other, as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whereof fuch ■ Proprietor was feifed or poffefled at or immediately before the Execution

2	Of

*5 95

4S?GE0RGII III. Cap.xii,.

of the Award to be made by the faid Commiftioners, or for which or in tefpeft whereof fuch Allotments or Exchanges (hall be made, would have b<en fubjeft to be charged with or affefttd by in cafe this-Aft had not >beeft made.

XLII. And whereas it will tend greatly to the Improvement of the faid Common5 or Wafte Lands intended to be inclofed by virtue of this Aft, to grant if any Perfonor Perfons to whom the fame flialJ be allotted, who (hall happen to be Tenant ior Tenants for Life only of the Lands or Eftates in aud watu refpeft of which fuch Allotments are to be made, were enabled to make Lands, proper Leafes of all or any Part of fuch Commons and Waft * Lands which (hall be’ allotted to him, her, or them refpeftively; be it therefore enafted. That it Ihall be lawful for fuch of the faid Proprietors ufho are Tenants for Life, or for Y ears determinable on One or more Life or Lives, to grant any Leafe or Leafes to any Perlon or Perfons whom foever, of the faid Commons and Wafte Lands fo to be allotted to them, or any Part or Parts thereof, with the Appurtenances, fo that the Confent of the Lord of the Manor of any Copyhold Lands be firft had and obtained by Licence or otherwife, according to the Cuftom thereof, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Twenty-one Years, to be computed from the Date of the Award of the faid Commiftioners, and fo that the fame do commence in Pofieffion and not in Reverfion, and fo that upon every fuch Leafe or Leafes there be referved and made payable during the Continuance thereof refpeftively, the beft or moft improved Yearly Rent or Rents or other Confiderations that can be reafonably had and obtained for the fame, without taking any Sum or Sums of Money by way of Fine or foregift» for.or in.refpeft of. fuch Leafe or Leafes; and fo that no Leftee or LeflVes have thereby Power to commit Wafte, and fo that in every fuch Leafe or LeafeS there be contained a Claufe of Re entry on Non-payment of the Rent or Rents to be thereby referved, and fo that fuch Rent or Rents to be thereby referved be made payable to the Perfon or Perfons granting fuch Leafe or Leafes, and the feveral other Perfons who in Succeftion may be entitled to the fame Hereditaments, Lands, and Premifes, and fo that the Lelfee or Lefiees do at the fame Time:execute a Counterpart or Counterparts of fuch Leafe or Leafes.

XLIII. And be it further enafted, That once at leaft in each and every Comm’flon-Year during the Execution of this Aft (fuch Year to be computed from eiBtolay the Day of paftlng thereof) the faid Commiftioners (hall and they are here- fore Two J^lf-by required to make a true and juft Statement or Account of all Sums ticc»onceiu of Money by them received and expended or due to them for their own every Trouble or Expences in the Execution of this Aft; and fuch Statement or Account when fo made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, '

(hall be by them laid before Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the Lid County of Surrey (not interefted in the faid intended Divifion, Allotment, and Inclofure) to be by them examined and balanced, and fuch Balance (hall be by fuch Juftices ftated in the Book or Books of Accounts rt> be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the faid Commiflionei s.

XLIV. And beit further enafted. That no Charge or Item in fuch No ^ Account (hall be binding on the Parties concerned or valid in Law, \inlefs valid unlfft the fame (hall have been duly allowed by fuch Juftices.	,

XLV. And

2 59^

Pa'*lifFs and Tell i; audit

48s GEORG 11 III. Cap. 134.

XLV. And be it further enabled, That the Award to be made by* the faid Commiffioners, when enrolled in Manner direfted by the laid recited Aft, fhall be deppjited in the Pari(h Church of Kings to n-up^n-Thamss afare-faid, or in fuch other Place as the faid Commiflioners fhall appoint within the faid Parifhes of Kingstcn-upon-Tbames, or "Thames Ditton,

XLVI. And be it further enabled, That k fliall and may Be lawful to and for the faid Bailiffs and Freemen of the Town of Kingston - upon -Thamcs, and their Succeffors for the Time being, and they are hereby empowered to fell and difpofe of the Allotment and Allotments to be veiled in them, as aforefaid by virtue of this Aft, either as Lords of the faid Manor of Kings • ton-upon-Thames or as the Owners and Proprietors in their corporate Capacity, of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments lying within the Litf Manor, with their and every of their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, and of the Fee Simple thereof, as to them fhall feem right and proper, free from all Incumbrances whatfoever affefting the fame, or affefting the Manor, Lands, 2nd Hereditaments in Right of which the fame Lands and Grounds fhall be fo awarded, by public Auftion or private Coatraft, unto any Perfon or Perfons who fhall be willing to become the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof, for fuch Price or Prices as can molt reasonably be obtained or gotten for the fame ; and upon Payment of the Monies for which fuch Lands and Grounds fhall be fold, fhall and do convey and affure the fame unto and to the Ufe of fuch Purchafer or Purchafers, and his, her, or their Heirs and Affigns for ever, as he, fhe, or they fhall direft or appoint, to be held by him, her, or them accordingly for ever.

XLV1I. And be it further enafted. That it fhall and may be lawful td

and for the faid Bailiffs and Freemen and their Succeffors to caufe a proper and commodious Town Hall or Court Houfe, fit for the Reception of His Majefly’s Judges of Aflize, and of His Majefty’s Juftice* of the Peace for the faid County, with fuch Courts, Rooms, and other Conveniences therein and thereto as may be thought neceffary, to be provided in the faid Town of Kingston-upon- Thames, either by repairing and enlarging the prefent CourtHoufeof the faid Town, or by rebuilding the fame or any Part thereof on the Scite of the prefent Town Hall, or elfewhere in the faid Town as may be moll convenient; and alfo to caufe a proper and commodious Market Houfe to be erefted and built in the faid Town of Kingston-upon-Thames, with all neceffary Conveniences therein and thereto, with fuch Rooms and Chambers over or adjoining the fame as may be found neceffary and convenient; and for the Purpoies aforefaid it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faidBailiffs and Freemen of the Townof Kingston-upon-Thames and their Succeffors to contraft and agree with any proper Surveyor, Architeft, Artificer or Artificers, Workman or Workmen, for the performing, executing, completing, and finifhing fuch Buildings and Works; and the faid Bailiff and Freemen and their Succeffors fhall and they are hereby empowered and required, by, from, and out of the Monies to arife by fuch Sale and Sales as are herein-before authorized and direfted to be made of the faid Allotment and Allotments veiled in them by virtue of this Aft, to defray, as far as the fame will extend, all fuch Colls, Charges, and Fxpenees as may attend the executing, completing, and finifhing the faid Buildings and Works.

XLVILI. And

4-8* GE0RGI1 III. Cap.iM*	2597

XLVIII. And be it further enatted, That the Coils, Charges, and Ex- ^°er^y,c“fc| pences of obtaining, parting, and putting into Execution this A£t, fo far XG}\ ceftain as relates to providing a Town Hall or Court Houfe and Market Houfe P-'rtof th* within the faid Town of Kingston-upon-Thames, (hall be borne and paid by the Bailiffs and Freemen of the laid Town, out of the Allotments to be made to them in purfuance of this Aft.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That fuch Town Hall or Court Houfe $uch Town and the faid Market Houfe, and all other Buildings made and erected in purfuance or by virtue of this Ad, (hall be and be deemed to be verted	te-

rn the faid Bailiffs and Freemen of the faid Town of Kingston-upon-Thames men. and their Succeffors, to be ufed for the Purpofes for which they are hereby directed to be built and provided as aforefaid, and other Parochial Purpofes, for which the prefent Town Hall of the faid Town is ufed and appropriated, and for fuch other parochial or public Purpofes as may at any future Time be found neceffary or expedient in the faid Town,

L. Provided always, and be it enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Bailiffs and Freemen and their Succeffors to fell and dif- the pi*r«nt * pofe of the Materials of the prefent Town Hall and Market Houfe (if the i’ow« fame or any Part or Parts thereof refpedively fliall be taken down) and to	1

pay and apply the Money thereby arifing in Aid of the Colts and Charges attending the Building and Works herein-before dire&ed.

LI. And be it further enacted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and	fr?!"

for the faid Bailiffs and Freemen and their Succeffors (without incurring &c. >t need-any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of Mortmain) to purchafe any Meffu- lar>* ages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments lying within the faid Town of Kingston-upon-Thames, fo them and their Succeffors, for the more commodious and better forming, erecting, and completing the Buildings and Works herein-before directed as aforefaid; and if after forming, Buildings, cre&ing, and completing the faid Buildings and Works, the faid Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments fo authorized to fold, be purchafed as aforefaid, or the Scites of the prefent Town Hall ur Court Houfe, and Market Houfe, or either of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, fhall be found ufelefs and unneceffary for the Purpofes of the faid intended Buildings, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Bailiffs, Freemen, and their Succeffors, and they are hereby authorized to fell and convey the fame to any Perfon or Perfons willing to be--come the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof, and his, her, and their Heirs,

Tor the beft Price and Prices that can reasonably be obtained for the fame, and the Money thereby arifing fhall be paid and applied in and for the Ufes and Purpofes directed by this Act,

LII. And be it further enacted. That previous to any public Auction sales by Aue*. being held for the Sale of any of the faid Pieces or Parcels of Land and tion* Ground fo to be awarded to the faid Bailiffs and Freemen, and herein directed to be fold by public Auction as aforefaid, Six Weeks Notice of inch intended Auction or Auctions fliall be given in fome Newfpapt- or Newfpapers printed and circulated in the faid County of Surrey; and l.:e Purchafer or Purchafers at fuch Auction fhall immediately pay (by way of Depofic)to the faid Bailiff and Freemen or their Succeffors, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they fhall appoint to receive the fame, One-fifth Part of his, her, or their Purchafe Money, and fhall alfo pay the Re-29/’	mainder

2598	48°GEORGII III. Cap. 134.

jnalnder thereof at fuch other Time as the faid Bailiffs and Freemen or their Succeffors fhall at or before the Time of fuch Auction or Auc'ions appoint; and in Default thereof the Money lb depofited fhall be forfeited, and fhall be applied for the Payment of the Ccfb, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and puffing this Ad j and the Allotment or Allotments of Land and Ground, for which the Whole of fuch Purchafe Money fhall not have been paid, or for which there fhall be no Bidding at fuch Audion or Audions, fhall again be put up to Sale, and fold in Manner aforefaid for the befl Price or Prices that can be fo gotten for the fame, or be fold by the faid Bailiffs and Freemen and their Succeffors by private Contrad, for any Sum or Sums of Money not lefs than the remaining Four-fifths of the Price or refpedive Prices for which the fame was or were refpedively before fold, or the Amount of One Bidding above the Sum of refpedive Sums at which the fame was or were refpedively put up in the faid former Audion or Audions.

Difpofalof LIU. And be it further enacted, That if any Overplus fhall remain of

Mori«.rplu* the Produce of the Purchafe Monies to arife by fuch Sale and Sales as are herein-beforc directed and authorized after Payment of the Colts, Charges, and Expences attending the Buildings and Works hereby directed to be made as aforefaid, fuch Overplus, if the fame fhall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and upwards, fhall be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Bailiffs and Freemen of the Town of Kingston-upon-Thames> purfuant to the Method prefcribed by the Act of the Twelfth Year of His late Majefly King George the Firft, and the general Rules and Orders of the faid Court, and without Fee or Reward, according to the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second j and fuch Overplus fhall hereafter be applied by the Bailiffs and Freemen of the faid Town of Kingston-upon-Tbames to fuch parochial Purpofes and Improvements of the faid Town as to them fhall feem right and proper.

LIV. And be it further enacted and declared, That the faid Overplus fhall be laid out in the Purchafe of Navy orVictualling Bills or Exchequer Bills, and the Interefl arifing from the Money fo laid out in the faid Navy or Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills, ?s they fhall be refpectively paid off by Government, fhall be laid out in the Name of the faid Accountant General in the Purchafe of other Navy or Victualling or Exchequer Bills, all which faid Navy and Victualling and Exchequer Bills fhall be depofited in the Bank in the Name of the faid Accountant General and (hall there remain until ordered by the faid Court of Chancery to be fold, upon Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way by the Bailiffs and Fremen of the Town o i Kings ton-upon-Tbames y for the Purpofes aforefaid.

App.-sU	LV. And be it further enacted. That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall

think himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved by any Thing done in pur-fuance of this or the faid recited Act (other than and except fuch Orders and Determinations of the faid Commiffioners as are by the faid recited Act or this Act directed to be final or conclufive, and except in fuch Cafes where an Iffue at Law is herein-before directed to be tried) then and in every fuch Cafe he, fhe, or they may appeal to the General Quarter Sef-fions of the Peace which fhall be holden for the faid County of Surrey, within Six Calendar Months next after the Caufe of Complaint fhall have &	eirifen*

2599

48* GEORG 11 III. Cap. 134.

arifen, on giving to the Perfon or Perfons appealed againft Twenty-one Days Notice in Writing of fuch Appeal and of the Matter thereof; and the Juftices (not interefted in the Prcniifes) at their General Quarter Sef-fions or at any Adjournment thereof, are hereby required to hear and de-termine the Matter of every fuch Appeal, and to make fuch Order therein and to award fuch Colls and Damages as to them in their Difcretion fhall feem reafonable, and by their Order and Warrant to levy the Colls and Charges which fball be fo-awarcted by Diftrefs and Sale of the Good3 and Chattels of the Party or Part es liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reafonable Charges of fuch Warrant,

Diftrefs, and Sale; and the Determination of the faid Joftices (hall be final and conclufive to alt Parties concerned, and (hall not be removed or removable by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Procefs whatfoever, into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wefitoinflet' or elfe-where; but in cafe fuch Appeal (hall appear to the laid Juftices to be frivolous and vexatious, or without Foundation, then the faid Juftices lhali award fuch Colts to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants as to them in their Difcretion fhall feem reafonable, and be levied in Manner aforefaid.

LVI. Provided always, and be it enabled, That nothing in this A£t Body or B^o* contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to alter, vary, or affeft J*!'Right'©* any Tolls, Dues, Duties, or Perquifites whatfoever arifing, accruing, due, Toi s not 10 or payable from the faid Market in the faid Town of Kmgston-upon-Tbames, be to any Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever ; but all fuch Tolls, Dues, Duties, and Perquifites fhall be due and payable to fuch Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, and their SuccelTors, and to fuch Perfon and Perfons* their Heirs and Afhgns, in fuch and in like Manner as if this Ad had not been made.

LVII. Saving always to the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, his Heirs Saving Claufj* and SuccelTors, and to all and every Perfon and Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate and Collegiate, his, her, or their Heirs, SuccelTors,

Executors, and Adminiftrators, all fuch Right, Title, and Intereft, other than and except fuch as is and are hereby meant and intended to be barred, deftroyed, and extinguilhed, as they, every, or any of them could or ought to have had and enjoyed of, in, to, or out of the Lands and Grounds by this A6t diredled to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, in cafe this Act had not been made.

LVIII. And be it further enaaed, That this Ad fhall be printed by the PubUck Act. Printer to the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, and a Copy thereof fo printed lhali be admitted as Evidence thereof by ail Judges, Juftices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to th<? King’s moft Excellent Majefty. j 808,





■ u --“V ».?

i®'. tail

3*?:',

> ,H I’Jf . £

*JlW I HO

O



c> ’ :



fi> it

: iT.I . .	.17	I ■

■;f	7i.	<71

ihW 17>

i«:.: >\> . t»> - ' 1 < /la • wit

ini mid

’■* i -T oiU ■	%

v” :£ #iy

•.C.7 '	i	.	11n-. II1 . i

igt-'O

-r.if-____*y

t	.|n»f	IV.	i

. v. '	I1.	<!	•»	I	n	;v	■„	..he	,.n ,i

lit ?, .*	,0776'i	Jb	Lkr-

*	’	‘	> • i:	71	i	-j'l-.n	I	'll!	biM	Lmi	ut	i!'i	iuu

.	.....riteilB

.At"I M’ ,-tfciil 1 1(1

-	7	i	!	•	.' *7V ;

ctis»:wi5f

	
«»;r* *!? f>:iA	
f . ■ jttt: .	
hiC .i • 1.	

a.i, \	■	.'	:

.. :	C	'TO."

SP

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

im *********************** I***************************

Cap. 135.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Checkley, in the County of Stafford. [i 8th June, 1808. j

WHEREAS there are within the Manors or Townihips of

Upper Tearly Nether Tean, Checkley, and Madelyholme, in the Parilh of Checkley, in the County of Stafford, certain Common Fields, Commons and Wafte Lands, containing Five hundred Acres or thereabouts: And whereas Henry Bathurfi, Efquire, in Right of Ann Dorothy Franceys his Wife, is Lord of the Manor of Upper Fean, and Ann Roycroft Widow, is Lady of the Manor of Madelyholme, and as fuch are refpe&ively entitled to the Soil of the Wafte Lands within the faid Manors : And whereas Mary Powys Spinfter, is the Patron of the Reftory of the Parifti Church of Checkley aforefaid, and the Reverend Samuel Langley Clerk, is Reflor thereof, and as fuch is entitled to all the Tythes arifing from the feveral Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the faid Manors or Townihips, and every of them, and he is alfo entitled to the Glebe Lands therein: And whereas the faid Henry Bathurfi, Ann Roycroft, John Philips, Thomas Cotton Sheppard, Simon Mcuntfort, Robert Charles Greaves, William Phillips, and divers other Perfons, are Proprietors of and interefted in the faid Common Fields, Commons, and Wafte Lands: And whereas the faid Samuel Langley, as Reflor as aforefaid, claims to be Lord of the Manor of Checkley and Headman's Green, within the Townihips of Nether Tean and [Loc, fc? Per.]	29 G	Checkley

26o?

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 135.

Checkley, and the faid John Philips alfo claims to he Lord of the Manor or Manors of Nether Peon and Checkley, and the faid William Phillips and certain other Freeholders in the faid Manor or Townfhips of Nether Tean alfo claim to be Lords of the faid Manor of Nether Tean : And whereas the Property in the faid Common Fields lies intermixed and difperfed, and the faid Commons and Waite Lands are in their prefent Stale incapable of any confiderable Improvement, and it would be of great Advantage to the feveral Perfons interefted therein, and of public Utility, if the fame were divided and inclofed, and fpecific Shares thereof allotted unto and amongit the faid Owners and Proprietors according to their refpedlive Rights and Interefts therein : but as fuch Divifion, Allotment and In-dofure cannot be effedtualiy made and eitabliihed without the Authority of Parliament; may it therefore pleafe Your Majeiiy that it maybe enabled, and be it enadled by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confenr of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament alfembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the faid Commons and Wade Lands in the Parilh of Checkley aforefaid, fhall, as foon as conveniently may be after the palling Commiffion- of this Adi, be divided, fet out and.allotted by Robert Harvey, of bunjlal au	in	the County of Stafford, Efquire, and John Tilffey, of Caverjwall Caftle,

in the faid County, Gentleman, who and their Succeffors, to be eledted in Manner hereinafter mentioned, fhall be and are hereby appointed Commiffioners for the Execution of this Adi, with fuch Powers and fub-jedl to fuch Diredlions and Regulations as are contained in this Adt, and with and fubjedl to fuch of the Powers, Diredlions and Regulations contained in an Adi, paffed in the Forty-firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majeiiy, intituled. An Alt for conjolidating in One API certain Provifions ujually injected in Alls of Inclofure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the feveral Falls ijually required on the faffing of fuch Alls, as are not controuled or varied by or repugnant to any of the Claufes, Provifions or Regulations of this Adt; and that it (hall be lawful for them the faid Commiffioners, or their Succeifors, to be appointed as hereinafter mentioned, to do and perform every Adi and Thing requifite to be done under and by virtue of this Adi, and to put in Force and execute all and every the Powers and Authorities contained in this and the faid recited Adi, provided that if they the laid Commiffioners, or their Succeifors fhall differ in Opinion upon any of the Matters and Things diredted to be executed by them by virtue of this Adi, in that Cafe Samuel Botham, of Uttoxeter in the faid County of Stafford, Gentleman fhall be and he is hereby appointed a Third Commiffioner for carrying this and the faid recited Adi into Execution, with refpedl to fuch Matters and Things only on which the faid Two firft-named Commiffioners, or their Succeffors fhall differ in Opinion as aforefaid; and in fuch Cafe it fhall be lawful for any one of the faid firft-named Commiffioners or their Succeffors, together with the faid Samuel Botham or his Succeffor to execute all Powers, Authorities, Adis, Matters and Things requifite to be done in the Execution of this or the faid recited Adi, and which fhall be as valid and effedlual to all Intents and Purpofes as if done and executed by the faid Two firft-named Commiffioners j and that the Notices by the faid Adi required to be given in fome public News-paper of fetting

out

2603

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 135.

out public Carriage Roads, and of reading and executing the Award of the Commiffioners, (hall be given in the Stafford News-paper, or in fotne other News-paper generally circulated in the faid County of Stafford.

IT.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if, before the Appointment Powers and Truths repofed in the faid Comniiflioners (hall have been fully executed and performed, any of the faid Commiffioners (hall die, or yicancjes, refufe to aft or to qualify himfelf, or (hall become incapable of afting as a Commiflioner in the Execution of fuch Powers and Trufts, it (hall be lawful for the major Part in Value of the Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds fo intended to be divided and inclofed, who (hall by them-felves, or their refpeftive Agents, attend the Meeting or Meetings to be appointed by the furvrving or remaining CommilTioners or Commiflioner for that Purpofe, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint fome other fit Perfon, not interefted in Inch Divifion and Inclofure, to be a Com-miflioner in the Place of fuch Commiflioner fo dying, refufing or becoming incapable to aft, and fo from Time to Time as often as any Commiflioner to be appointed by the faid Proprietors (hall die or refufe to aft or to qualify himfelf, or (hall become incapable of afting as aforefaid j provided that the furviving or remaining Commiffioners or Commiflioner fhall caufe Notice to be given of the Time and Place of Meeting for every fuch Eleftion, at lead Twenty-one Days before the Time of holding any fuch Meeting, by affixing fuch Notice on the South Porch Door of the Parifh Church of Checkley aforefaid, and by caufing the fame to be publilhed in the Stafford News-paper, or fome News-paper ufually circulated in the faid County of Stafford-, and if the Majority in Value of the faid Proprietors (hall, for the Space of Seven Days alter fuch Meeting as aforefaid, refufe or negleft to appoint a new Commiflioner in the Place and Stead of every or any Commiflioner who lhall die or refufe to aft or to qualify himfelf, or fhall become incapable of afting as aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe the lurviving or remaining Commiffioners or Commiflioner lhall, from Time to Time, by Writing under their or his Hands or Hand, appoint a fit and proper Perfon, not interefted in the faid intended Divifion and Inclofure, to be a Commiflioner in the Place of each Commiflioner fo dying or refufing to aft, or to qualify himfelf, or becoming incapable of afting as aforefaid ; and every Commiflioner to be appointed in the Manner hereby direfted, (hall have the like Powers and Authorities for putting this and the faid recited Aft into Execution, as if he had been exprefsly named and appointed a Commiflioner by this Aft.

III.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiffioners lhall, and they Noticed are hereby required to give public Notice, in Writing, to be affixed upon Meetings to the South Porch Door of the Parifh Church of Checkley aforefaid, on fome be 8iven-Sunday during Divine Service, of the Time and Place of their Firft and every fublequent Meeting for putting this and the faid recited Aft in Execution, at lcaft Fourteen Days before the Time appointed for holding fuch Meetings refpeftively (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted); and it lhall be lawful for the Commiffioners at any of their Meetings to be holden in purfuance of this Aft, from Time to Time as they°lhall

find

2604

One Com-mifiioner or the Clerk may adjourn.

What fhall be deemed Com* mon Field Land,

Cottages and Buildings on that Part of the Commons which lie within the Manor of Upper Tean, to be allotted to the Lord of that Manor.

Refpe&ing Encroachments made above Twen. ty Years.

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 135.

find it convenient, to continue fuch Meeting by Adjournment for the due Execution of this Aft, leaving Notice at the Place where the faid Com-miflioners fhall be fitting at the Time of any fuch Adjournment, of the Time and Place to which fuch Meeting fhall be adjourned: Provided always, that if only one of the faid Commiffioners fhall attend at the Time and Place appointed for any Meeting to be holden purfuant to this Aft, it fhall be lawful for fuch one Commiffioner, and if no Commiffioner fhall attend at the Time and Place fo appointed, then it (hall be lawful for the Clerk of fuch Commiffioners, and fuch Commiffioner and Clerk refpec-tively have hereby full Power to adjourn fuch Meeting to any future Day they fhall refpedtively fee molt convenient, to be holden at the fame or any other Place, the Clerk giving due Notice to the abfent Commiffioner or Commiffioners of the Time and Place to which every Adjournment fhall be made, and fo from Time to Time as often as there fhall be Occa-fion, until T wo or more of the faid Commilhoners fhall be prefent: Provided aifo, that all Meetings of the faid Commiffioners, in the Execution of this or the faid recited Aft, fhall be held within Eight Miles of the faid Parifh of Checkley.

IV.	And be it further enafted. That all Fields and Clofes within the feveral Manors or Townfhips aforefaid, in which Two or more Perfons fhall be feifed of or entitled to any Lands, or any Common of Pafture or Eftover, or other Common Right or Property, fhall be deemed Common Field Land, and be divided and allotted accordingly.

V.	And be it further enafted, That all Cottages, Ereftions and Buildings whatfoever, now Handing or being upon the Commons and Wafte Lands which lie within, or are Parcel of the faid Manor of Upper Tean, fhall be and are hereby veiled in the faid Henry Batburft as Lord of the faid Manor of Upper Tean, and the Lord of the faid Manor of Upper Tean for the Time being forever, to be held in Severalty, and fhall from henceforth be and be deemed and taken to be as his and their entire Property’ and be held and enjoyed by him and them accordingly, neverthelefs the Scite of or Ground upon which fuch Cottages, Ereftions and Buildings fland, fhall be confidered as Part of the One-fixteenth Share of the faid Commons and Wafte Lands within the faid Manor of Upper Tean, which is hereinafter direfted to be allotted to the faid Henry Batburft as Lora of the faid Manor of Upper Tean, for his Right of Soil.

VI.	And be it further enafted. That all Encroachments which fhall have been made upon or from the faid Common Fields and Wafte Lands within the faid Manors of Nether Tean, Checkley and Madelybolme, for Twenty Years or upwards, without legal Interruption, before the Firft Day of "January One thoufand eight hundred and eight, with the Cottages and Buildings thereon, and for which any Rent or Acknowledgment hath been paid to the Lords of the faid refpeftive Manors of Nether Tean, Checkley, and Madelybolme, any or either of them, or their or either of their Anceftors as Lords of the faid Manors within that Period, fhall be deemed to belong to, and are hereby declared to be the Property of fuch of the faid Lords to whom any fuch Rent or Acknowledgment hath been paid, and that fuch other Encroachments which fhall have been made upon or from the faid

Common

2605

I

t

I

I

t

I

i

IS

Is

I

I

48° GEORGII III. Cap. XI5.

Common Fields and Wade Lands wirhin the laid Manors of Nether 'Tean, Check ley, and Madely holme, or any of them, for T wenty Years or upwards, ■without legal Interruption, before the faid Firft Day of January One thou-fand eight hundred and eight, and for which no Rents or Acknowledgments have been paid to the faid Lords of the laid Manors of Nether Tean, Checkley, and Madelyholme, any or either of them, or their, or any, or either of their Anceftors, (hall, with the Cottages and Buildings thereon, be deemed to be the Property of the Perfon or Perfons who (hall in his, her, or their own Right be in Pcrfieftion or entitled to the Receipt of the Rents and Profits thereof.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments which fhall have been made upon or from the fai 1 Common Fields and Wafte Lands within the faid feveral Manors of Upper Tiean. Nether ‘Tean, Checkley, and Madelyholme, or any of them, within Twenty Years next before the faid Firft Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and eight, fhall be deemed Part thereof, but all fuch laft-mentioned Encroachments with the Buildings thereon,(hall be allotted to the Perfon or Perfons who at the Time of making the Allotments under this Aft, (hall in his, her, or their own Right be in Pofieffion or Receipt of, or be entitled to the Rents and Profits of fuch Encroachments, for his, her, or their Share or Proportion of the faid Wafte Lands by virtue of this Aft, or fo far as the (ame will extend in Value according to their State when inclofed by virtue of this Aft; but in cafe any fuch laft-memioned Encroachments (hall, in the Judgment of the faid Commiflioners, be of greater Value than the Share or Proportion of the faid Wafte Lands which the Perfon or Perfons fo entitled ought to have by virtue of this Aft, or in cafe it fhall fo happen thac the Perfon or Perfons, who at the Time of making the faid Allotments under this Act, (hall in his, her, or their own Right be in Poftefiion or Receipt of, or entitled to the Rents and Profits of any fuch laft-mentioned Encroachments, and (hall not be entitled to any Allotment from the faid Common Fields and Wafte Lands under or by virtue of this or the faid recited Aft, then, and in either of the faid Cafes, the faid Commiflioners are hereby authorized, (if they (hall think fit, but not otherwife,) to fell and allot fuch Encroachments, or Parts of Encroachments to fuch Perfon or Perfons who, if he, (he, or they was or were entitled to a fufiicienc Allotment from the faid Common Fields and Wafte Lands, would be entitled to have the fame allotted as aforefaid, at fuch Sum of Money as the faid Commiflioners fhall adjudge the fame would produce, and the faid Commifiioner fhall receive and apply the fame for the Purpofes of this Aft; and if any fuch laft-mentioned Perfons (hall refufe or neglcfl to pay fuch Sum or Sums of Money as the laid Commiflioners (hall lo adjudge, at the 1 ime fixed by them for that Purpofe, then fuch Encroachments, which (hall not be fo paid lor as aforefaid, (hall be allotted as Common and Wafte Land :	Provided	always,	that in the Valuation of fuch Encroach-

ments and Inclolures, the Buildings or Erections thereon (hall not be included, buc in cafe any fuch laii mentioned Encroachments (hall, in the Judgment of the faid Commiflioners, be thought proper or more convenient to be laid to the Lands of any Perfon entitled to an Allotment or Allotments from the faid Common Fields and Wafte Lands, then, and in fuch Cafe, the faid Commiflioners are hereby required to allot fuch laft-[Loc. & Herd]	29	H	mentioned

Refpcffing Encroachments made within 20 Years.

2606

Certain Lands which have been Common not to have any Allotment.

Cottages not having paid Rack Rents to have Leafes of their Cottages and Gardens at fmall Rents.

48” GEORGII III. Cap.i 35*

mentioned Encroachments, or fueh Part thereof as they (hall think proper, unto fuch other Perfon or Perfons fo entitled, in part, or in tull of his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments, as the Cafe may be, and (hall be at Liberty to order and dired fuch Allowance or Compenfation, to be made by the Perfon to whom the fame (hall be fo allotted, to the Pcrfon or Perfons from whom fuch Encroachments (hali be taken, as to the faid Commiflioners fhall feem reafonabie.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That in making the Divifions and Allotments hereinbefore mentioned, the faid Commiflioners lhall not have any regard to any Lands or Hereditaments which (hail appear to the Sacisfadion of the faid Commiflioners to have been Commons or Wafte Lands within the Memory of any Perfon or Perfons now living, it not being intended that the Owners or Proprietors thereof (hall have any Allotment in refped of the fame.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That the refpedive Lords of the hid Manors of Upper Tean, Nether Tean, and Checkley wherein any Cottage is fituate, which by virtue of this Ad lhall be veiled in the Lord or Lords of fuch Manor refpedively, and in refped whereof no greater Annual Rent or Payment than One-fifth Parc of the Yearly Value lhall have been paid or agreed to be paid before the faid Full Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and eight, lhall permit or (uffer the Pcrlon or Perfons in Poflefiion of fuch Cottages refpedively, on the faid Firil Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and eight, and their refpedive Executors and Adminiftrntors to have, hold, and occupy the fame Cottages refpedively, and fuch Part of the Gardens adjoining or laying near to fuch Cottages refpedively,^as lhall be allotted to the Lord or Lords of the faid refpedive Manors of Upper Tean, Nether Tean, and Checkley, where fuch Cottage is fituate, as the faid Commiflioners fh^all dired, (not exceeding Twenty Perches to each Cottage,) for the Term of Twenty-one Years, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eight, provided the Perfon or Perfons fo in Pofieflion as aforefaid, or their refpec-tive Executors or Adminiftrators, do and lhall pay to the Lord or Lords of the Manor wherein fuch Cottage is fituate, the yearly Sum of One Shilling as the Rent of, and for each fuch Cottage, and fuch further yearly Sum of Money in refped of the Rent of the Garden or Land allotted or direded to be held with fuch Cottage, as the faid Commiflioners lhail adjudge and dired and provided the refpedive Occupiers of fuch Cottages refpedively do and lhall keep the faid Cottages, Buildings, and Fences in as good Repair, and the Land or Ground in as good Condition as the fame were in on the faid Firil Day^of January One thoufand eight hundred and eight j and in cafe the Perfon or Perfons lo entitled to Poflcflion as aforefaid, lhall refufe, for the Space of Six Calendar Months after Notice and Demand in Writing for that Purpofe, to perform the faid Provifo or Condition, then, and in fuch Cafe, the Ellate, Term, and Interell of and in the faid Cottage and Premifes of fuch Perlon or Perfons fo ncgleding or refilling, lhall abfolutely ceafe and determine to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, and thereupon it lhall and may bo lawful to and for the Lord or Lords of the faid refpedive Manors of Upper Tean, Nether Tean, and Checkley, or other Perfon or Perfons in whom the Freehold and Inheritance

2607

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 135.

tnnce of and infuch Cottage or Cottages fIialL.be veiled by virtue of this ACl, or his, her, or their Heirs or Affigns, into or upon fuch Cottages and Lands refpeCtivelv, or any Part thereof, to enter, and to have, hold and enjoy the fame, difeharged of all Claims and Demands of the Perfon or Perfons fo in Pofleflion as aforefaid, or his, her, or their Executors, Adminiftrators, or Affigns.

X.	And be it further enaCted, That the Rent hereby direCled to be paid in refpeCt of each fuch Cottage as lail-mentioned, and alio in refpeCt of the Cottages, Erections, and Buildings, to be Id allotted as aforefaid to the faid Henry Bathurft, or the Lord of the faid LManor of Upper ‘Tean for the Time being, fhall be added to the Rent, (if any,) directed to be paid by the Commiffioners in refpeCt of the Gardens or Pieces of Land to be occupied with fuch Cottages, EreCtions, and Buildings, fo as to form one entire Rent, to all Intents and Purpoles; and the fame or any Part thereof fliall and may be recovered by a Diftrefs, to be made or taken upon any Goods, Cattle, or Chattels to be found in the faid Cottage, EreClio^s, and Buildings, or upon the Land or Ground directed to be fet out to be occupied therewith.

XI.	And be it further enaCted, That all and every Qtieftion or Difpute

which fhall or may arife between any Perfon or Perfons interefted in the faid Common Fields, Commons and Walle Lands, before the fettling and allotting the fame in Manner hereinafter mentioned, or touching the Extent, Identity, or Poffeffion of any Plot, Parcel or Portion thereof, or touching or concerning the refpeCtive Rights and Interells which they or any of them fhall have, or claim to have in, upon, or over the fame Common Fields, Commons and Wafte Lands, or touching or concerning the Boundaries of any of the faid Manors or Townfhips which adjoin together, or any other Matter or Thing relating to the faid Divifion, Allotment, and Inclofure, fhall be examined, heard, and determined by the faid Commiffioners :	Provided always, that nothing herein con-

tained fliall authorize the faid Commiffioners to determine the Title to any Mefiuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatfoever.

XJI, And be it further enaCted, That in cafe the faid Commiffioners fliall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to them in purluance of this or the faid recited ACt, fee Caufe to award any Cofts, it fnall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpofe, to fettle, aflefs, and award fuch Cofts and Charges as they fhall think reafonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whofe Favour any Determination of the laid Commiffioners fhall be made, by the Perfon or Perfons whofe Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections fliall be thereby difallowed or over-ruled ■, and in cale the Perfon or Perfons who fhall be liable to pay luch Colls and Charges fhall neglect or refufe to pay the fame on Demand, chen, and in fuch Cafe, it fliall be lawful lor the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Perfon or Perfons whoml'oever, to caufe fuch Cofts and Charges

to

Rents to be entire and recoverable by one Diftrefs.

For fettling Difputes.

Power to Commiffioners to award Cofts.

2608	48°	GEORG	11 III. Cap. 135.

to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons fo negleding or refilling to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus, (if any,) upon Demand, to the Perfon or Perfons whofe Goods and Chattels fhall have been fo diffrained and fold, after deduding the Cods and Charges attending fuch Diitrels and Sale,

Allowing XIII. Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That in cafe any Perfon or thVir Rights^ ^er^ons *ntereded, or claiming to be interefted in the laid intended Divifion byanlffue ant^ Inclofure, lhall be diffatisfied with anv Determination of the laid at Law. Commiflioners touching or concerning any Right r the Soil of the faki Commons and Wafte Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, or of any Rights or Claims to Rights of Common in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inciofed, or touching or concerning any other Rights or Interefts which he, ffie, or they fhall or may have or claim to have in the faid intended Divifronand Inclofure, it {ball be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons fo diffatisfied, to proceed to a T rial at Law of the Matter fo determined by the faid Commiflioners, at the then next or at the following Aflizes to be hoiden far the faid County of Stafferrl j and for that Purpofe the Perfon or Perfons who flvdl be diffatisfied with the Determination of the faid Commiflioners, fhall c-''Ir an Action to be brought upon a feigned hide again;! the Perfon or Perfons in whofe Favour fuch Determination lhall have been made; within Three Calendar Months next after the Determination of the laid Commiflioners fhali be made j and he Defendant or Defendants in fuch Addon or Adions (hall, and he, fhe, and they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Auornies, who lhall appear thereto, or file Common Bail, and accept one or more I flue or Ifiues, whereby inch Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on may be tried and determined,fuch Iffue or Ifiues to be fettled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the faid Adion or Adions lhall be commenced, in cafe the Parties fhall differ about the fame; and the Verdid or Verdids, which fhall be given in fuch Adion or Adions, fhall be final, binding, and con-clufive upon all and every Perfon and Perfons whomfoever,unlefs the Court wherein fuch Adion or Adions fhali be brought, fhall fet afide fuch Ver-did or Verdids, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it (hall be lawful for the Court to do, as is ufual in other Cafes; and after fuch Yerdid or Yerdids fhall be obtained and not fee afide by the Court, the faid Commiflioners fhali, and they are hereby required to ad in conformity thereto, and to allow or difallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined according to the Event of fuch Trial or Trials: Provided always, that the Determination of the faid Commiflioners, touching fuch Claim or Claims of Right to the Soil of the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds, or of any Rights or Claim to Rights of Common, or fuch Rights or In-terefts as aforefaid, in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby di-reded to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, or any Part thereof, which fhall not be objeded to, or being objeded to, the Party or Parties objed-ing not caufing fuch Adion at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforefaid, fhall be final and conclufive upon all Parties.

XIV. And

4-8* GEORGII III. Cap. 135.

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That if any of the Parties in any Aftion to be brought in purfuance of this Aft, lhall die pending the fame, fuch Aftion (hall not abate by reafon thoreof, but (hall be proceeded in as if no fuch Event had happened.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons in whofe Favour any fuch Determination as aforefaid (hall have been made, and againfl whom any fuch Aftion or Aftions might have been brought, if living, (hall die before any fuch Aftion or Aftions (hall have been brought, and before the Expiration of the Time hereinbefore limited for bringing fuch Aftion or Aftions, it (hall be lawful for the Per-fon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, who might have brought fuch Aftion or Aftions againfl: the Perfon or Perfons fo dying, to bring the fame within the Tifne fo limited as aforefaid, againfl fuch Perfon or Perfons as if aftually living, and to ferve the Clerk of the laid Commiflioners with Procefs for commencing fuch Aftion or Aftions, in the fame Manner as the Party or Parties might have been ferved therewith if living; and it (hall thereupon be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, or other Perfon or Perfons who (hall claim the Benefit of fuch Determination as aforefaid, to appear and defend fitch Aftion or Aftions, in the Name or Names of the Perfon jor Perfons fo dead, and Proceedings (hall be had therein in the fame Manner as if fuch Perfoti or Perfons had been aftually living, and the Rights of all Parties lhall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of fuch Aftion or Aftions.

tVI. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That nothing in this Aft contained (hall extend to enable the faid Commiflioners to determine any Right between any Parties contrary to the Poflcflion of any of fuch Parties, except in Cafes of Encroachments made within the Period of Twenty Years, as hereinbefore mentioned; but in cafe the faid Commiflioners lhall be of Opinion againfl the Right of the Perfon or Perfons fo in Pof-fefiion, they lhall forbear to make any Determination thereupon, until the Poflefliion (hall have been given up, or recovered from fuch Perfon or Perfons by Ejeftment or other due Courfe of Law.

XVII.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby authorized, at any Time or Times before the Execution of the faid Award, by Notice and Advertifement to be given and publifhed as before direfted, to order and direcl: all or any Part of the Rights of Common in, over, or upon the faid Commons and Waite Grounds or any Part thereof, to be extinguilhed, or the Ex-ercife thereof to be fufpended, for and during fuch Time as (hall be ex-preficd in fuch Writing; and that all fuch Rights of Commons as the faid Commiflioners lhall by any Writing order and direft to be extinguilhed, or the Exercife thereof to be fufpended as aforefaid, (hall from the Time of giving fuch Notice ceafe, determine and be extinguilhed, or the Exercife thereof be fufpended accordingly; any Law, Ulage, or Cuflom to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

[£er. ii Per.]	29	/

2609

Suits not to abate by Death of Parties.

Provifion in cafe of Death of Parties before Aftions brought*

Right of PofTeffion of Perfons not to be determined by Commiffion-ers.

Commiflion-ers may fuf-pend or ex-tinguiih Rights of Common.

XVIII. And

£.6 m

Corpjniffion-ers to fet out Land -for Watering Places, Stone, Gravel, &c.

Power to fell Land to defray Expen-

48° GEORGII III. Up. 135.

XVIII,	And be it further enabled, That the laid Commiffioners (hall, and they are hereby authorized and required to fet out and allot fuch Part and Parcel of the laid Watte Lands hereby intended to be divided and inclofed, as they (hall think proper, for the Purpofe of Watering Places for Cattle, and for furnilhing Stone and Gravel, and other Materials for the making and repairing of the Highways and other Roads within the faid Manors or Townfhips of Upper %can., Nether Tean, Cbeckley, and Madelyholmey and for the Ufe and Bepefic of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the faid Manors or Town-ihips refpeftively.

Provided always, and it is-hereby further enafted, That in ordef to raife a fufficient Sum of Money to.defiay->fhe .Charges and -Expences of obtaining and palling this Aft, and of furyeying, admeafuring, planning, valuing, dividing, and allotting the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclofed, and of forming, making, and putting in good and fufficient Repair the Roads and Highways to be made in pur-1'qapce of the faid recited Aft, until they (hall be certified by the Surveyor to be in fuch State of Repair as directed by the faid recited Aft, and of preparing and inrolling the faid Award of the Commiffioners, and of defending any Aftion or Actions which may be brought againft the faid Commiffioners in confluence of their determination refpefting any Claims or Interefis as aforefaid, and all other the Charges and Expences arjflng in the carrying of this and the faid recited Aft into execution, it fball be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, as foon after the paffing of this Aft as they fball think proper, and fo from Time to Time as often as they may find.it neceflary, to feH by private Contraft or public Auftion, in Manner direfted by the faid recited Aft, fuch Part or Parts of the laid Commons and Wafte Lands as they (ball deem fufficient for the Purpofes aforefaid^ and the Purchafe Monies of the faid Lands fo to be fold as aforefaid (hall be paid to the faid Commiffioners, or fuch Banker or Perfon as fhall be appointed by them to receive the fame, at fuch Time or Times as they fhall appoint, and the Receipt of the faid Commiffioners for fuch Purchafe Money (hall be a fufficient Difcharge to the Purchafer or Purchafers for the fame; and immediately after fuch Receipt fhall be given to fuch Purchafer or Purchafers, the Pieces or Parcels of Land fo purchafed by him, her, or them, (hall by virtue of this Aft become vetted in him, her or them, and his, her, or their refpeftive Heirs and Affigns in Fee Simple, without any further or other Conveyance, Aflurance, In-ftrument or Writing whatsoever; and the faid Pieces or Parcels of Land fhall be fenced in fuch Manner, and fubjeft to, or exempt from fuch Roads and Footpaths as (hall be mentioned in fuch Receipts refpeftively; and the faid Commiffioners (hall apply the Monies to arife by fuch Sale or Sales in defraying of fuch Cods, Charges, and Expences as aforefaid; and if any Surplus of fuch Monies (hall remain in the Hands of the faid Commiffioners, the fame (hall be by them paid and divided to and among the feveral Pcrfons interefted in the faid Divifion and Inclofure (in cafe they (hall be feifed of their Allotments in Fee Simple) in proportion to their refpeftive Rights and Interefts in the. Lands intended to be divided and inclofed, or otherwise fuch Surplus (hall be applied anddifpofed of by

the

26l I

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 135.

the faid Commiffioners in Manner prefrribed by the faid recited Aft, with refpeft to Money to be paid for the Purchafe ot Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or the Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Sum of Money ought to be laid out in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements of Hereditaments to be fettled to the fame fifes; and the Receipts of the feveral Perfons who fhatl be then in the aftual Poffeffion or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of the faid Rights or Interefts, or of the Truftecs, Guardians, or Agents of fuch feveral Perlcns, fiiall be good Difcharges to the faid Commiffioners for the fame.

XX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That in cafe the Money Deficiency, arifing by Sale of Land as aforefaid, fhall not prove i’ufficient to de- it any. to be fray all fuch Charges and Expences as aforefaid, then the Deficiency fhall

be made up by the feveral Perfons interefted in the faid Divifion and In- pj;ci.rj clofure, and fhall be paid in luch Shares and within fuch Time, and to fuch Perfan or Perfons as the faid Commiffioners fhall direft, nominate and appoint; and in cafe any Expences fhall be incurred in the Execution of any of the Powers and Provifions of this Aft, which ought to be borne and defrayed by any particular Perfon or Perfons, and not out of the Money to be raifed for the general Purpofcs of this Aft, then the fame fhall be paid in fuch Shares and within fuch Time, and by and to fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Commiffioners fhall direft, nominate or appoint: and in cafe any Perfon or Perfons fhall negleft or refufe to pay any Sum or Sum* of Money fo direfted to be paid by him or them, within the Time appointed for the Payment thereof, the fame may be levied and recovered by the fame Means as are prefcribed by the faid recited Aft for recovering Sums of Money payable by Proprietors towards the Expences of the Inclofure.

XXI.	And be it further enafted. That the faid Commiffioners fhall, and Allotment to they are hereby required to allot and award unto and for the Lord and Lady the bards of Tor the Time being of the faid Manors of Upper Jean and Madelybolme,

and to the Peffon or Perfons, if any, who fhall be deemed Lord or Lords of the faid Manors or Townfhips, cr Manor or Townfhip of Nether Jean,

Cheekily, and Dead-man’s Green, according to their refpeftive Interefts theiein, fuch Part or Parts of the faid Commons and Wade Lands as fhall contain One full Sixteenth Part or Share thereof, in lieu of and in full Recompence and Satisfaftion for alt their Right and Interefl in and to the Soil of the faid Commons and Wafte Lands.

XXII.	And whereas the faid Ann Roycroft and her Predeceffors, Lords partof a cc-. and Ladies for the Time being of the Manor of Madelybolme aforefaid, tain Stone have for feveral Years lad pall, by herfelf or themfelves, or by her Q“arry in or their Tenants, occupied and enjoyed a certain Stone Quarry upon the MadelyhoIm. faid Commons in the Manor of Madelybolme, now in the Occupation of ^ the Lad"* Henry Fewer-, and alfo a certain Warren or Place upon the Commons of the Manor, within the lad-mentioned Manor for the keeping of Rabbits or Conies;

and upon the Inclofure of the faid Commons within the Manor of Madelybolme, the faid Ann Roycroft may be entirely deprived of the faid Warren, and prevented from making fo great Advantage of the faid

Stone

261 2

48° GEORGII III. Cap.

Stone Quarry as (he now doth; and the Allotments hereinbefore diredtcd to be made to her for Right of Soil, may be an inadequate Compenfation for her manerial and other Rights and Privileges; be it therefore further enadted.That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, inthe Divifionof the faid Commons and Wade Lands within the faid Manor of Madelyholme, to fet out and allot unto and for the faid Ann Roycroft, or the Lord or Lady for the Time being of the faid Manor of Madelyholme, fuch Part or Parts of the faid Stone Quarry in the Poffeffion of the faid Henry Rower, or fuch other Part or Parts of the faid Commons or Waftcs within the faid Manor, adjoining or lying near thereto or otherwife, over and above the Allotment hereinbefore diredted to be made to the faid Ann Roycroft for Right of Soil, as with the fame Allotment (hall, in the Judgment of the faid Commiffioners, be a full and adequate Compenfation to the faid Ann Roycroft, or the Lady or Lord for the Time being of the faid Manor of Madelyholme, for all her or his manerial and other Rights and Privileges hereby intended to be barred and cxtin-guifhed.

XXIII.	And be it further enadted, That after fuch feveral Allotments as hereinbefore mentioned (hall have been made, the faid Commiffioners lhall apportion, fet out, divide and allot all the Refidue of the Landsand Grounds intended to be divided and inclofed as aforefaid, unto, between and among the feveral Proprietors and Owners thereof, and other Perfons in-terefled therein, according and in proportion to their refpedtive Shares, Rights and Interefts.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That ifany Perfon or Perfons hath or have fold and conveyed, or (hall at any Time before the Execution of the Award of the faid Commiffioners, fell and convey his, her or their Right, Intcreft or Property in, over or upon the faid Commons and Wafte Lands, or any Part thereof, to any other Perfon or Perfons, then and in every fuch Cafe it lhall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to make an Allotment of Land to the Purchafer or Purchafers named in fuch Conveyance, or to his, her or their Heirs or Affigns, for or in refpeft of fuch Right, Intereft or Property fo fold and conveyed as aforefaid; and every fuch Purchafer or Purchafers, his, her or their Heirs or Affigns, fhall and may, from and after the Execution of the faid Award, hold and enjoy the Land fo to be allotted to him, her or them as aforefaid, in the fame Manner to all Intents and Purpofes as the Vendor or Vendors in every fuch Sale might, could or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame in cafe fuch Sale and Conveyance had not been made.

! XXV. And be it further enadted, That all and Singular the Wafte ipt Lands hereby diredted to be divided ail'd inclofed, (hall be freed and exempted from the Payment of Tythesforthe Space of Five Years, to be computed from the paffing of this Adt.

Payments to XXVI. And be it further enadted. That the Occupiers for the Time »f Tjih« »fU being of the Allotments to be made in purfuance of this Adt, fhall, front

the

Allotment of the Refidue.

Commifiion-ers to allot to Purchafers,

from Tyth for Five Years.

4^° GEO RGII III. Cap, 135.

the Time the Right of Common fnall he fufpended or extinguished by the Commilfioners, to the Expiration of the laid Term of Five Years laflly abovementioned, pay unto the Rr£tor of the Parifh of Checkley for the Time being, fuch Annua' Sum or Sums of Monev as the faid Commifllon-ers lhall adjudge reafon >b'e, as a Compenfarion for the Tyrhe of Lamb and Wool which would have arifen.to the Reflor of the faid Parifh for the Time being in Cafe this Ad had not been palled.

XXV1L And be it further enaded, That nothing herein contained lhall affect the Tythes now payable to the Redor of the faid Redory, but the fame lhall continue payable in the like Manner as if rhis Ad had not been mide, fave and except fuch Tythes as might arife from the faid Commons and Wafle Lands during the faid Term of Five Years.

XXVIII.	And be it further enaded. That it lhall be lawful for the faid Commifiloners to fet our, allot, and award any Lands, Allotments, Tenements or Hereditaments wbatfoever within the faid Manors or Townlhips of Upper Tean, Nether Tean, Checkley, and Madelyholme, or any of them, in lieu of and in Exchange for any other Lands, Allotments, Tenements and Hereditaments whatfoever, within the faid Manors or Townlhips, or any of them, or within any adjoining Parifh, Townlhip, Manor, Hamlet or Place, provided that all fuch Exchanges be afeer-tained, fpecified and declared in the Award of the faid Commilfioners, or in fome other Jnftrument of Inftruments in Writing to be executed by the faid Commilfioners for that Purpofe, and be made with the Conlenc of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which lhall be fo exchanged, whether luch Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors lhall be Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtcfy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Confent of the Guardians, Trultees, Feoffees for charitable or other Ufes, Hulbands Committees or Attornies of or acting for any fuch Proprietors or Owners as aforefaid, who at the Time of making fuch Exchange or Exchanges lhall be refpe&ively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, or under any other legal Difability, or who lhall be beyond the Seas, or otherwii'e difabled to aft for themfelves, himfelf or herfelf, fuch Confent to be teltificd in Writing, under the Common Seal of the Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other confenting Parties refpe&ively, or by their accepting of the Lands to be given to him, her or them in Exchange as aforefaid j and all and every fuch Exchange and Exchanges fo to be made lhall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever: Provided always, that no Exchange lhail be made of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments held in Right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclefiaftical Benefice, without the Confent teltified as aforefaid, of the Patron thereof, and of the Lord Bilhop of the Diocefe in which fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo to be exchanged lhall lie and be fituate.

29 K

2613

Latr.b and Wool for Five Ycars.

That Tythes lhall continue payable.

Power of Exchange®

No Exchange of Church Lands to be made without the Confent of the Patron and Bilhop.

\Lcc. t# Per.}

XXIX. And

2614

Coils of Exchanges and Partitions how to be paid.

Aft not to revoke Wills,

CommiiTior.-ers may vacate Leafes at Rack Rent.

48° GEORGJI III. Cap. 135.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That all Cods, Charges and Exigences attending the making and completing of any Exchanges and Partitions to be made under or by virtue of this or the faid recited Aft, fhall be paid and borne by the feveral Perfons making fuch Exchanges or Partitions, in fuch Manner and in fuch Proportions as the laid Commifiloners fhall by their Award order and diredl.

XXX.	Provided always, and be it further enabled. That nothing in this Aft contained fhall extend, or be conftrued, deemed or taken to revoke, alter or annul any Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any Perfon or Pcrlons having or claiming any Jointure, Dower, Portion, Debt or Incumbrance out of or from any of the Lands, Grounds and Premifes hereby directed to be divided and inciol'ed, or which fhall be exchanged by virtue thereof, or cut of or from any Parc thereof refpeftively j but that the Lands and Premifes fo to be allotted and awarded upon the faid Divifion and Inclofure, or exchanged as aforefaid, fhall immediately after fuch Divifion and Exchange be, enure and remain, and the feveral Perfons to and for whom the fame fhall be fo allotted and awarded and taken in Exchange as aforefaid, fhall from thenceforth (land and be feifed thereof to and for fuch and the fame Ufes, Truffs, Eflates, Intents and Pur-pofes, and fubjeft to fuch and the fame Powers, Provifoes and Agreements, Charges, Rents, Dtbts, and Incumbrances, as the feveral Lands and Eftates in lieu whereof fuch new Allotments and Exchanges fhall be made as aforefaid, now are or would have been fubjedt and liable to be charged with or affe&ed by in cafe the fame had remained uninclofed or unexchanged, or this Ad had not been made.

XXXI.	And be it further enaded. That it fliall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, if they fhall think proper, at their Firft or any fubfequent Meeting, by Notice and Advertifement to be given and publifhed as aforefaid, to vacate and determine all or any Leafes or Agreements at Rack Rent now fubfifting of the Lands and Grounds hereby direded to be divided and inclofed, or of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of which any fuch Exchange or Partition fhall be made, or of any Pari or Parts thereof, for any Term or Number of Years therein, or from Year to Year, or at Will j and from and after the Determination and Avoidance of any fuch Leafe or Leafes, Agreement or Agreements, the faid Commiflioners fhall and they are hereby required to adjuft and fettle all Matters and Things between the Landlords and their refpedive Tenants touching the Avoidance of fuch Leafes and Agreements, and to make fuch Order therein refpeding the growing Rent of the feveral Lands and Grounds, and the Difpofal of the Fodder, Dung, and Manure arifing therefrom, and the Compenfation which the refpedtive Tenants thereof ought to have received, as they the faid Commiflioners i., each particular Cafe fhall think realonable and juft : Provided always, thac if there fhall be any Leafe of Lands, Part of which fhall be in the faid Manors and Part in an adjoining Manor or Parilh, all and every fuch Leafe or Leafes upon Rack Rent now fubfifting may be vacated j but where any Lands fhall have been taken in Exchange, which Lands fliall be under Leafe and wholly fituacc in an adjoining Manor

or

2615

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 135.

or Parifh, the Lcafe of fuch laft-mentioned Lands fhall not be vacated.

XXXII.	And be it further enaded,That in the meantime, and until the Allotments Divifion and Allorment fhall be made as hereinbefore is direded, the Laid may be cc-Common Fields, Commons and Watte Lands hereby direded to be di- ^Award”* vided and inclofrd, (hall and may be cropped and Town with fuch Corn,

Grain or Grafs Seeds, or mowed or grazed, or otherwife fet, let, and occupied, by or to fuch Perfon and Perfons, and in fuch Manner as the faid Commiflioners fhall, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands in that Behalf, from Time to Time, order, direct or appoint; any Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithllanding.

XXXIII.	And be it further enaded, That it thall not be lawful for No Sheep, any Perfon or Perfons, during the Term of Seven Years from the palling

of this Ad. to keep or departure any Sheep or Lambs in or upon any of for Seven the new Inciofures or Allotments which fhall be made in purfuance of Years, this Adi.

XXXIV.	And be it further enadled, That the faid Commiflioners are Power to hereby authorized and required, in all Cafes where in their Judgment it

fhall appear to be requifite or proper, or for the more convenient Occu- £r*ads> Vw pation of the Lands and Tenements within the faid Manors or Town-lhips, to divert and turn any old accuftomed Way or Path parting or leading through or over any Part of the old Inciofures within the faid Manors or Townfhips, or to flop up or difcontinue fuch Roads, Wavs and Paffages as to the faid Commiflioners fhall feem meet and proper:

Provided always, that no fuch Road, Way or Path fhall be diverted, turned, flopped up or difcontinued without fuch Concurrence and Order, and fubjed to fuch Appeal as is mentioned or referred to in and by the faid recited Adi.

XXXV.	And be it further enadled. That the Corts, Charges and Ex- Expences of pences of procuring and palling this Adi, and of furveying, planning, the Aft how measuring and allotting the Lid Common Fields and Walk Lands here- to be railed by diredled to be divided and inclofed, and of preparing and inrolling the and paid* laid Award, and making and repairing fuch Fences, Roads, Gates, Stiles,

Drains, Bridges and other Conveniences as the faid Commiflioners fhall think rcalonable, and all other neceflary Charges and Expences incident to and attending the carrying this Ad and the faid recited Ad into Execution, fhall be defrayed and difeharged by and out of the Money arifing by the Sale of fuch Part and Parts of the faid Common Fields and Wafte Lands as fhall be allotted for that Purpofe as aforefaid.

XXXVI.	And be it further enaded, That the Perfon or Perfons who perf0ns ad-fhall advance or lend any Money for defraying the Expences of applying vancing

for and obtaining this Ad, and putting the fame and the faid recited Ad Money to be in execution, fhall be repaid the fame out of the firft Monies which fhall rePaid wi‘h be raifed in purfuance hereof, with Intereft after the Rate of Five nterClt* Pounds per Centum per Annum,

XXXVII. And

2616

Commiffiofl-ers’ Accounts to be laid before a Juftice,

Award to be depofitcd.

Proprietors to pay their own Expen-

Power of Appeal.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 135.

XXXVII.	And be it further enaded, That the laid Commifiioners fhall, and they are hereby required to enter in a Book to be provided for thatPurpofe a true Account of ail Sums by them received and expended, or due to them for their Trouble and Expences during the Prop refs of the faid Inclofure, and (hall at leaft once in every Year, from the Day of palTing this Ad till fuch Accounts (hall be finally allowed, produce fuch Account, with the Vouchers relating to the fame, to Mark Anthony Whyte Efquire, one of the Juftices of the Peace for the faid County, or in Cafe of his Death or declining to ad, to fome other Joflice of the Peace for the faid County of Stafford, to be examined by him, who is hereby required to enter the Balance by him ftated in the Book of Accounts by the faid recited Ad required to be kept at the Office of the Clerk of the faid Commifiioners; and no Charge or Item in fuch Accounts (hail be binding on the Parties concerned, or be valid in Law, uniefs the fame (hall be duly allowed by the faid Mark Anthony Whyte or fome oihcr Juftice as afore-faid.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enaded. That the Award to be made by the faid Commiffioners, when inrolled in Manner dirtded by the faid recited Ad, Ihall be depofited in the Parifh Church of Cbeckley afore-faid.

XXXIX.	And be it further enaded. That the faid Proprietors, their Attornies and Agents, (hall pay their own Expences when they or any of them fhall attend the faid Commifiioners at any Meetings to be held in purfuance of this or the faid recited Ad."

XL. And be it further enaded. That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall think himfelf, herfelf or themfelves aggrieved by ar.y Thing done in purfuance of this or the faid recited Ad, then and in every fuch Cafe (except in fuch Cafes where the Orders or Determinations of the laid Commifiion-ers are hereby or by the faid recited Ad declared to be binding or con-clufive, and except in fuch Cafes where an Iflue at Law fhall be had as hereinbefore mentioned) he, Ihe or they may appeal to any General Quarter Sefiions of the Peace which lhall be heki for the faid County of Stafford, within Four Calendar Months next after the Caufe of Complaint fhall have arifen, on giving to the faid Commiffioners and to the Parties concerned, Fourteen Days’ Notice of luch Appeal, and of the Matter thereof; and the Juftices in fuch Sefiions afiembkd are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every fuch Appeal, and to make fuch Order therein, and to award fuch Cods as to them in their Difcretion fhall feem reafonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Cofts which fhall be fo awarded, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame refpe&ively, rendering the Overplus, if any, upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reafonable Cnarges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale; and the Order and Determination of the faid Juftices upon every fuch Appeal lhall be final, binding, and conclufive upon all Parties concerned, and fhall not be removed or removable by Certiorari or other wife into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejiminjier.

XLI. Provided

4SuiGEORGII III. : Cdp. 135.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing m this Aa contained Iball be conftrucd to defeat, leffen or prejudice the Right, Tide, or Intereft of the Paid Henry. Bathurft and Ann Dorothy Frimceys his Wife, Atm Roycfoft, and the f'eri'on or Perfons who (hall be deemed Lord or .Lords of the Manor or Townfhip, or Manors or Townlhips of Nether Teau, Che.ckley, and Headman's Green; or any future Lord or Lords pf: the faid Manors* to the Mines, Beds, Veins, and Seams of Coals* £annel. Slack, I condone, or other Mines and Minerals in or under the faid Wade Lands hereby intended to be inclofed, or any Seigniories or Royalties incident or belonging to the faid Manors, the fame being hereby referved-to the Lofds’and Ladies for the Time being of the faid Manors refpedively, with full and free Liberty, Power, and Authority for them refpedively, from Time to Time* and at all limes hereafter, to have, hold, win, work, and enjoy all Mines, Beds, Veins, and Seams of Coal, Cannel, Slack, Ironftone, and other Mines or Minerals, ol what Nature or Kind foever, within and Hinder the faid Wade Linds hereby intended to be inclofed, together with all convenient and neceffary Roads, Ways, ahd Railages, and Liberty of laying, making, and repairing Waggonways, and other Ways in, over, along, and acrofs the fame, or any of them, or any Part thereof, and of fearching for, winning, and working the laid Mines and Minerals, and loading and carrying away the Coals, Cannels, Slack, Ironflone, or other Produce thereof, and finking, digging, and making Pits, Shafts, Pit Rooms, Stand Yards, Air Pits, Drifts, Levels, Ways, and Watercourfes, and of ereding and ufing Fire Engines, or other Engines, and of altering, changing, pulling down, and carrying away the fame, or any of the Materials thereof, and to have and ufe any Stone got in the finking Pits, Shafts, or working or getting the faid Minerals fo referved as aforefaid, for the Ufes and Purpofes of the faid Works, at his, her, and their own free Will and Pleafure, and to do, employ, ufe, and exercife all fuch other Machines, Ads, and Things either now in ufe or hereafter to be invented, as may be neceffary and convenient for the full and complete Enjoyment thereof, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner to all Intents and Purpofes as he or they could or might have done in cafe this Ad had not been made, he and they making and allowing to the feveral Owners or Occupiers of fuch Allotments refpedively a reafonable and adequate Recompence and Satisfadion for all fuch Damages as fhall from Time to Time be done thereto, or to any Eredions or Buildings that may at the Time of working or getting the faid Mines and Minerals, or exercifing the Privileges aforefaid, be ereded or built thereupon, by or in the Ufe or Exercife of any fuch Right, Title, Intereft, Liberty, Power, or Authority, in Proportion to the Lofs thereby fuftairied, according to the Rights and Interefts therein.,

XLII. Saving always to the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, and to all and every Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their Succeffors, Heirs, Executors, and Adminiftrators, (other than and except fuch Perfons to whom, and for whofe Ufe and Benefit any Allotment or Allotments fhall be made by virtue hereof, in refped of the Intereft and Property for which fuch Allot*

lLoc* ^ P*r'~\	2	9	L	mcnc

2617

Saving of Manerial Rights, 5cc. to Lords of Manors.

Genera!

Saving.

2618

Afl to be orinted by the King’s Primer

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 135.

ment or Allotments (ball be made, and their refpedtive Succeflors, Heirs, Executors, and Adminiftrators,) all fuch Eftate, Right, Title, and Intcrefl, Claim, and Demand, except fuch as are meant and in-tended to be barred, deflroyed, and extinguilhed, as they or any of them could or might have had or enjoyed of, in, to, or out of the Manor or Manerial Right, in any refpect affedted by the Provilions of this Adi, or the Lands and Grounds hereby diredted to be divided and in-clofed, or any Part thereof, before the palling of this Adi, or in cafe this Adi had not been made.

XLI1I. And be it further enadled. That this Adi (hall be printed by the Printer to the King's mod Excellent Majelty; and a Copy thereof fo printed, lhall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Jultices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s mod Excellent Majefty. 1S0!.



ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEOIIGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 13 6.

An Act to amend Two Ads, fo far as re) ate to Applying the City of Londonderry with Water, improving the Harbour of the faid City, and the Regulation of Pilots and VciTels uling the fame; and for extending the Jurifdiftion of the Court held in the faid City for the Recovery of Small Debts.

[23d June t8o8.]

WHEREAS by an Ad made in the Pailiament o{Ireland, in the Thirtieth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An Aft for building a Bridge over the River Loughfoy le at the City of Londonderry and the Suburbs thereof and for certain Regulations relative to faid City, anti alio by another Ad made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fortieth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled. An Ad for amending an Ad pajfed in the Thirtieth Tear of His Majejl-f s Reign, intituled, 4 An Ad for building a Bridge over the River Loughfoy le at the City of 4 Londonderry and the Suburbs thereof, and for certain Regulations relative * to faid City,* certain Provifions were made for fupplying the Inhabitants •of the faid Cicy with Water: And whereas the faid Provifions have bcenfound inefficient; and the Mayor, Community, and Citizens of the faid City have neccflarily expended theSum of EightthoufandPoundsinconftrudingRefer-fLoc% Ssf Per.~\	29	M	voirs

Irilh Acts.

30 G. 3. e. ji.

40 G.3, c. 4t.

2622

480 GEORGII III. Cap. 136.

voirsandBafons, andinlayingCaft Metal MainsandWoodenPipcsfor the more effe&tially lupplying of Water for the Ule of the faid Inhabitants; and ic is expedient that the Payment oflntercft for the faid Sum of Eight thou* fand Pounds, and affo the future Expences attending the Supplying of Water to the Inhabitants, Ihould be more effectually provided lor: And whereas the Powers and Provifions of lo much of the faid ACts as ielate tf; the Port, River, and Harbour of Londonderry, and the Regulation of Pilots navigating and ufing the fame, are defective, and requiie to be altered and amended: May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enaCfed •, and be ic enaCted by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, bv and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefcnt Parliament aftembled, and by the ■inhabitants of Authority of the fame. That on fome Day in the Year One thoufand tight the P*>ur hundred and eight, between the Firft: Day of Oftcber and the Twenty-fifth city (hall the Day °* l^e fame Month, and To in every fublequenc Year within the like annua'ly ele<ft Period, the Inhabitants of the Four Wards or Divifions of the faid City of hers^fPipe Londonderry, and the Suburbs thereof, called by the Names followi g ; Water Com- to wir, Bifhop-Street Ward, Ship Quay-Street Ward, Butcher-Street Ward, nvittee. ?nd Ferry ay-Street Ward, fliall alfcmble in Veftrv, and final I e.UCl Four Inhabitants, one out of each of the laid Wards, to be Members of the Pipe Water Committee herein-after mentioned, and the Names of luch Four Inhabitants fo elected fhall by the Vcftry Clerk of the Parifh of Tempiemore, or by the Perfon who fhall prefide at fuch Election, be tranfmitted and returned to the Mayor of the faid City for the Time being, on or before the Thirty-firft Day of fuch Month of October in each and every Year.

On ad No- II. And be it further enaCled, That the Mayor, Community, and Citi-vember i8cS, zero of the laid City of Londonderry in Common Council aftembled, fhall, D.y^nnuSy, on the Second Day of November One thquland eight hundred and eight, the Corpora- and on the Second Day of November in each and every fubfrquent Year, pobithFourP (0r ’n ca^e l^e Second Day of November fhall be on a Sunday, then on the Members, following Day) elcCl and appoint F«ur Members of the laid Common Four^cle-ed ^ounc^ fefident in the fa:d Ciiy of Londonderry, or the Liberties thereof, by the wards which faid Four Per Ions, together with the Four Perfqns ele&ed by the Ma ^fhall Inhabitants of the faid Wards in Manner afore aid, (whole Names fhall by be a Pipe the faid Mayor be laid before the faid Common Council), and together Water Com- with the Mayor of the faid City for the Time being fhall be and be called n" cc	The Pipe Water Committee for the City of Londonderry \ and the Lid Com-

mittee, or any Five or more of them, fhall, during the Year commencing on the laid Day refpe&ively, have full Power to carry into Execution all the Powers and Provifions of the faid recited Acts of the Thirtieth and Fortieth Years of His Majefty’s Reign, fo far as the lame relate to fuppiying the Inhabitants of the faid City with Water; and alio to carry into Execution all the Powers and Provifions of this prefent ACt relating thereto in Manner herein-after mentioned ; and that fuch Pipe-Water Committee, or any Five of them, fhall have, ufe, and exercife all fuch Powers and Authorities, for the carrying into Execution the faid Provifions of the laid recited A&$ and this Act, as fully and effe&ualiy, to all Intents and Pur-poles, as the faid Mayor, Community, and Citizens might have had, ufed, or exerciferf in cafe this Aft had not been had or made,

*9

III. And

4B° GEORGII III. Cap. 136.	2623

III.	And be it further enaded, That every Member of the faid Pipe Water Committee lhall, before adting’as a Member of the laid Committee in the Members of Execution of this Aft, take and fubferibe an Oath or Affirmation fwhich the Corn-Oath or Affirmation any Magiftrate of the faid City is hereby empowered to adrr.inifter), diligently, faithfully, and impartially to execute the Powers veiled in him by this Act, to the bell of his Skill and Judgement 4 and any Member of the faid Pipe Water Committee who fnall act in the Execution of this Act without taking and lubferibing fuch Oath or Affirmation as aforefaid, lhall for every Offence forfeit the Sum of 1 wency Pounds Sterling.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That in cafe it lhall at any

Time happen that the Election or Appointment of the leveral Members made?ormer of the faid Pipe Water Committee, or any of them, lhall not take place Membtrsmay in-any Year at the Time and in Manner herein-before refoedtivrly men-tioned, it lhall and may be lawful for any Member or Members of the Committee who lhall have been duly defied and appointed, and who lhall be afling as a Member or Members of the faid Pipe Water Committee at the Time when fuch Election or Appointment ought to take place, to continue to aft as fuch Member or Members without any further or other Eleftion whatever for the then fucceeding Year, as if fuch Member or Members had been elected to the laid Office for fuch Year under the Prc-vifions of this Aft; and that in cafe any Vacancy lhall happen in fuch Committee in the Courfe of any Year by the Death of any Member or Members fo defied, an Eleftion of a Member or Members to fill fuch Vacancy lhall be made within One Month; and the iurviving Members of the faid Committee, not being lefs than Five in Number, lhall be competent to aft until fuch Vacancy lhall be fupplied.

V.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Pipe Water Committee Meetings of lhall hold their Firft Meeting in every Year on fome Day between the theComimttee. Second Day of November and the Firft Day of December.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the Did Com- Afccrtaining mittee, and they are hereby required, authorized, and empowered yearly Mont^to^be upon the Oath of chevChamberlain of the faid City for the Time being, ia;°fed.y and upon the Oath or Oaths of fuch other Perlon or Perfons as they the

faid Committees lhall for that Purpofe think fit to fummon before them (which Oaths the faid Mayor or any Magiltrate of the faid City is hereby authorized and empowered to ad mini Iter) to enquire into and to aicertain the Amount of all fuch Sum and Sums of Money as lhall be necefiary to be railed, for the Payment of One Year's Intertft, after the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum, upon the faid Sum of Eight thoufand Pounds fo expended in making the faid Reiervoirs, Bafons, Pipes, and other Works ; and for Payment of the Expences which fhall have been incurred during the preceding Year in keeping the faid Refervoirs, Bafons, Pipes, and other Works, in repair; and for paying fit and proper Perfons for fuperintending, managing, and taking care of the fame; and in attending to the Diftribunon of the Water, and in doing other Matters and Things requifite and neceffary for the due and regular Supply of the faid Water to the Inhabitants of the faid

City;

2-624	4^° G E ORG 11 III; Cap. 136.

^proinw.rrt C:ty ; and after the Amount of fuch Sum and Sums (hall be fo afeer-?ouppiot^nd taincd, it (hall be lawful for the faid Committee to nominate and levy the sum appoint Three Inhabitants of each of the faid f our vVards or Divifuns of or^u^h'p'aTt the faid City and Suburbs, to be Applotters of the faid Sum and Sums of tieKofasttoe Money upon the Inhabitants of the faid Citv and Suburbs, in Manner SaiUidnkht. herein-after mentioned ; and the Mayor of the faid City for the Time being (hall and he is hereby empowered, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to authorize and require the Applotters fo appointed to apploc and levy in Manner required by this Act, all fuch Sum and Sums as (hall be fo afeertained, or to appiot and levy fo much and fuch Part only of the faid Sum or Sums as the faid Committee may from Time to 1 ime judge to be expedient and neceffary to be railed and levied, and as the laid Committee fhall diredt to be applotted and levied for the Purpofes aforefaid.

Applotters VII. And be it further enadled, That the faid Applotters or any Five or 111all value all moreof them, fhall and may, and they are hereby required, within Ten £)ays next aficr fuch their Appointment, to proceed to value and efti-shall mate the Yearly Value of the feveral Lands, Dwelling Houfes, Out-laPme°iobe h°ufes, Offices, Cellars, Stables, and Yards, wiihin the faid City and r.ufe.i on all Suburbs, together with fuch new Houfes, Outhoufes, and Premifes as Huufcs worth jhall be from Time to Time htreafter built, eredted, or dfablilhed within Ibove.ea* a,d -the faid City of Londonderryand to appiot the Money to be raifed and paid lor the Purpofes aforefaid, according to the Directions of the faid Committee, upon the feveral Inhabitants and Occupiers of all fuch Land, Dwelling Houfes, Outhoufes, Offices, and Premifes, as they (hall value at •the Annual Rent of Five Pounds or upwards by a proportionable Poundage, or otherwife according to the Value at which fuch Houfes and other . Premifes (hall be valued, fpecifying in fuch Applotment the Names of the different Perions inhabiting or poffeffing the fame, who are to be liable to pay the fame.

Rates.	VIII.	Provided	always, and be it further enadled, That the annual Sums

to be affeffed on or paid by the refpedtive Occupiers of any Premiles, (hail in no Cafe exceed the Sums and Rates following; that is to fay,

If fuch Premifes are of the Value of Sixty Pounds or upwards, the Sum of Five Pounds:

If of the Value of Fifty Pounds and under Sixty Pounds, the Sum of Four Pounds t

If of the Value of Forty Pounds and under Fifty Pounds, the Sum of Three Pounds:

If of the Value of Thirty Pounds and under Forty Pounds, the Sum of Two Pounds:

If of the Value of Twenty Pounds and under Thirty Pounds, the Sum of One Pound Ten Shillings:

And if of the Value of Five Pounds and under Twenty Pounds, a Sum not exceeding the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound :

Unlefs by and with the Confent of the Pcrfon on whom fuch Sum (hall be affeffed ; and except in theCafe of Innkeepers, Brewers, and other Perfons rtqwring an extraordinary Supply cf Water, and who fhall pay fuch Sums as (hall be agreed on between them and the faid Committee.

■IX. And

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 136.	2625

IX. And be it further enafled, That each of the faid.Applotters fliall pre-	Ap-

vious to his afting as an Applotter, take and fubfcribe an Oath (or folemn Affirmation if of the People called Quakers) before the Mayor of the faid City for the Time being, that he will, according to the beft of his Skill,

Abilities, and Knowledge, faithfully and impartially, without Favour or Affrftion, Malice or 111 will, to any Perfon or Perfons whatloever, applet theftid Sums to be applotted as aforefaid ; and if any of the Appiotters ifanyofthe to be appointed purfuant to this Aft fhall negleft, omit, or refufe ^ef>^“ltt*rtj1grs to take fuch Oath or Affirmation, or fhall happen to die before the ^ay^oceed” laid Appiotters, or any Five or more of them, fhall have made the afore-fa.d Applotments, fuch Negleft, Refufal, Omiffion, or Death, fhall not inva idate the Applotments made or to be made by the other of the faid Appiotters, or any Five or more of them ; but in every iuch Cafe, not-withftanding iuch Negleft, Omiffion, Refufal, or Death, the Applotments made or to be made by the others of the laid Appiotters, or any Five or more of them, ffialJ be good and vaiid ; and all the laid /Applotments Applotments in Ten Days after the fame ffiall be I'o made, fhall be returned to the	trc-

Mayor of the faid City of Londonderry for the Time being, in Writing, Mayor.*0 1 & figned by the Appiotters thereof, or any Five or more of them, and if any Perfon who (hall be appointed an Applotter purfuant to this Aft fhall negleft, omit, or refufe to take upon him the.faid Office, or undertaking Penalty on the lame, fhall negleft or omit the Execution thereof, or any Part thereof,	{or

or ffiall negleft, omit, or refufe to return the Applotments to be made by him or them as aforefaid, in fuch Manner, and within fuch Time as herein-before is mentioned, or fhall without reafonable Caufe negleft or omit for the Space of Forty eight Hours after being fummoned ther-to in Writing, figned by the Mayor of the faid City of Londonderry, to appear before the faid Mayor and to take the Oath or Affirmation hereinbefore mentioned, or fhall negleft or omir, for Twenty Days after the Majority of the Appiotters, appointed purfuant to this Aft, ffiall have taken the Oath or Affirmation, to make the aforefaid Applotments purfuant to this Aft, then and in every fuch Cafe, every Perfon lo offending ffiall forfeit to the faid Mayor, Community, and Citizens the Sum of Twenty Pounds Sterling; and if it fhall happen that no fuch Applotments as herein-before required ffiall be made by the aforefaid Appiotters, or any Five or more of them, within One Calendar Month after the faid Appiotters fhall have	,

been appointed purluant to this Aft, then and in fuch Cafe, each and every of the laid Appiotters fhall, from the End of the faid Month, forfeit to the faid Mayor, Community, and Citizens, the further Sum of Forty Shillings for every Day after the Expiration of the faid Calendar Month, until the faid Applotments fhall be made and returned to the Mayor of the faid City, according to the Directions of this Aft.

X. And be it further enafted, That it ffiall be lawful for the faid Corporation Committee from Time to Time by Warrant under the Hand and Seal ccUector°tnt of the Mayor of the faid City for the Time being, which Warrant the levy sum ap-faid Mayor is hereby authorized and required to grant, to nominate, con- P,otted> whicl1 ftitute, and appoint fuch Perfon or Pcrfons as the faid Committee ffiall vewdbyDiU think fit lo be a Colleftor or Collectors, and to colleft and receive the tre(s> etc« feveral Sums to be made payable by the Applotments before-mentioned, who ffiall give Security to the Satisfaction of the faid Committee for the [Loc.	P*r.] 29 N	due

26*6

48° GEORGil III. Cap. 136.

due and faithful Execution of his Office ; and that fuch Collector or Col-ledors lhall accordingly collect and receive half-yearly the kveral Sums to be made payable by the laid Applotments of and Iron; all Perfons liable to pay the fame; and all Pcribns who (hall be charged therewith and lhall be 'hereunto liable lhall pay fuch Sum fo applotted on them alorelaid, by Two Half-yearly Payments ; and if any Perfon lhall neglect or refufe to pay the Sum or bum^ applotred upon them refpediveiy by virtue of this Ad for Twenty-one Days after perfonal Demand thereof by any Collett r Oi Perfon appoisted to receive the fame, or alter Demand in Writing left by fuch Ci liedor or Perlon at the Place of Abode or the Place in the Occupation of the Perfon fo liable to pay fuch Sum or Sums, it lhall be lawful for the laid Colledor or Perfon fo appointed, in the Prefence and with the Alfiliaiice of a Conftable or Peace Officer to enter into the Houfe or Houfcs, Yai*d, Ground, or Premifes, within the faid City, occupied by luvh Perfon or Pofonsfo chargeable with fuch Sum or Sums of Money, and to diftrain his, her, and their Goods and Chattels; and if fuch Sum or Sums together with the Cods of fuch Diflrels, and of keeping the fame, fhall not be paid within Ten Days after luch Diltrels taken, then to fell lo much and luch Part ot fuch Diftrefs as lhall be fufficient to pay the faid Sum or Sums, with all Colts attending fuch Diltrels, Detention, and Sale; returning the Overplus, if any, to the Owner or Owners of luch Goods and Chattels fo diftrained and fold ; and in cafe any Replevin lhall be brought for the Goods and Chattels fo diftrained, the Mayor of the faid City for the Time being lhall and he is hereby empowered and required to llfue a Summons in Writing to all Parties concerned, to hear and determine the Matter in Difpute, whether the fame lhall depend upon a Claim of Property by a Stranger or other-wife, in the mod fpeedy and fummary Way, by examining Parties and "WitutlTes on Oath, which he is hereby empowered to do, and to award Return of the Goods fo diftrained, or a Sale thereof for Payment of the faid Sum or Sums applotted on the faid Perfon or Perfons, unlefs fuch Dift eft be forthwith ledecmcd ; and the Determination of the laid Mayor fhall be final and conciuiive to all Parties.

Householders XI. And be it further enabled, That no Tenant, Occupier, or Owner to lay pipes of any Dwelling Houfe or Premifes in the faid City of Londonderry, or pTea at^theii Suburbs thereof, lhall be liable to or lhall pay any Rent or Sum •wn Eapence. applotted under the faid recited Ad of the Fortieth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Keig for fupplying Water, unlefs a Main Pipe fhall have been laid in the Street, Quay, Lane, or Callage, in or near to which fuch Dwel-ling-Houfes or Premifes is or are fituated, and that fuch Tenant, Occupier, or Owner can or may be fupplied with Water from fuch Pipe, if he, Ihe, or they, lhall think fit; fuch Tenant, Occupier, or Owner never-tbelefsto provide and lay down at his, her, or their own Expence, a Pipe to convey fuch Wa er from the faid Main Pipe to fuch Dwelling Houfe and Premiles, and the Bore or Ditnenfion of fuch Pipe not lo exceed One Inch and 2n Half Diameter, unlefs fuch Tenant, Occupier, or Owner lhall have agreed to pay for an extra Supply of Water.

To prevent XII. And, to prevent as much as pofiible the wilful and negligent Wafte Wate^°*	of Water, be it further enaded, That each and every Perfon fupplied

with

2627

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 136.

with Water under the faid recited Act and this Aft fhall, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby required to provide a proper Ciftern or Cifterns, of Lead, Stone, Brick, Wood, or other Materials, to receive and hold fuch Quantity of Water as (hall be by him or them deemed fufficient for his, her, or their Confumption, and he, (he, and they is and arc hereby required to provide a Ball and Stop Cock, and to affix or caufe to b~ affixed the fame to the Pipe conducting the Water from the Main or Service Pipe, to fuch Ciftern or Cifterns for the Purpofe of preventing the Water running into fuch Ciftern or Cifterns from running to wafte when the fame (hall be full; and in cafe any Perfon or Perfons fo fupplied with Water (hall neglett to provide fuch Ciftern or Cifterns, and alfo a Ball and Stop Cock, and to affix or caufe to be affixed the fame in Manner aforefaid, for the Purpofe of preventing the Water from running to wafte when fuch Ciftern or Cifterns (hall be filled as aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Mayor of the faid City, or any Perfon or Perfons afting by virtue of or under his Authority, to cut and turn off the Water, by fuch Ways and Means as to him or them (hall feem right and proper, from the Houfe,

Building, or other Premifes of every fuch Perfon, until fuch Ciftern or Cifterns and Ball and Stop Cock (hall be provided, and fuch Ball or Stop Cock added in Manner aforefaid.

XIII.	And be it further enabled. That if anyPerfon fhall bathe in any Refer- p()r prevenf-voir, Baton, Aqueduft, Waterway, Feeder, or Pond, made, maintained, ing the dirty, or fupported for the Purpofe of fupplying Water to the faid Inhabitants,	a“

or (hail wafh any Dog or other Animal therein, or throw or caft any Dog or Cat, or any Filth, Dirt, or other noifome or offenfive Thing, or wa(h or cleanfe any Cloth or any Wool or Leather, or Skins of Sheep, Lambs, or other Animals, or anv noifome or offenfive Thing, in any fuch Refer-voir, Bafon, Aqueduct, Waterway, Feeder, or Pond, or caufe or fuffer the Water of any Sink, Sewer, or Drain, to run or be conveyed into fuch Refervoir, Bafon, Aqueduft, Waterway, Feeder or Pond, or caufe any other Annoyance to be done to the Water contained in any fuch Refervoir, Bafon, AqueduCt, Waterway, Feeder or Pond, whereby or by Means whereof the faid Water or any Part thereof (hall or may be foiled, fouled, or corrupted, or (hall do any wilful Hurt, Injury, or Damage to any of the Pipes, Mains, or other Works, ereCted or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, then and in each and every fuch Cafe every fuch Perfon fo offending (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XIV.	And whereas the Trade of the City of Londonderry has confider-ably mcreaied, and it is become necelfary to make further Provifions for the Regulation of Pilots, and of the Shipping and Vcffcls, and the Mafters, Owners, and Crews thereof, reforcing to or arriving or plying within the Lough, River, Port, or Harbour of Lcughfoyle •, be it therefore enrfted. That the faid Mayor, Community, and Citizens in Common Council 2ffcmbled, fhall on the Second Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and eight, and on the Second Day of November in each and every fubfequent Year, (or in cafe the Srcond Day of November in any Year frail be on a Sunday, then on the following Day) elect and appoint Seven Wholefale Merchants refidtm in the faid City of Londonderry, which faid

Seven

On 2d Wo-vember i8oS, and the fame Day annually, the Corporation lhail appoint Seven Merchants who, with the Members for the City and County, and the Collector oftheCultoms, fhall be a Ballad-Office Committee,

2628

Members of the Committee.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 136.

Seven Merchant?, together with the Members o! Parliament for the City of Londonderry, and for the County of Londonderry, for the Time being, and the Collector of the Cuftoms of the laid City for the Time being, fhall be and be called The Ball aft Office Committee for the Lcngh and River, Port and Harbour of Lcugbfoyle ; and the faid Committee, or any Five or more of them, fhall, during the Year commencing cn the faid Day rcfpeftively, have full Power to carry into Execution all the Powers and Provifions of the laid recited Aft of the Fortieth Year of His Ma-jefty's Reign, fo far as the fame relates to Pilots, and alio to carry into Execution all the Powers and Provifions of this prefect Aft relating to Pilots, Navigation, Shipping, and Vtffels, and the Matters, Crews, and Owners thereof, in Manner herein after mentioned.

XV.	And be it further enafted, That every Member of the faid Ballaft Office Committee fhall before afting as a Member of the laid Committee in the Execution of this Aft, take and lubferibe an Oath or Affirmation before the Mayor or the Recorder of the faid City, (which Oath or Affirmation any Magiftrate of the City of Londonderry is hereby empowered to adminifter) in the Words following * that is to fay,

*	T A. B. do fwear. That I will diligently, faithfully, and impartially

*	A execute the Powers vetted in me by an Aft made in the Forty-eighth ‘ Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, a'n Aft [Here infert < the Title of this Aft] to the beft of my Skill and Judgement

And any Member of the faid Ballaft Office Committee who fhall aft in the Execution of this Aft without taking and fubferiffing fuch' Oath or Affirmation as aforefaid, fhall for every Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds Sterling.

if annual	XVI. Provided always, and be it enafted. That in cafe it fhall at any

Election not Time happen that the.Eleftion or Appointment of Seven Merchants by the MemberTmay faid Mayor, Community, and Citizens fhall not take place in any Year on continue to the Day and in Manner herein-beftre mentioned, it Ihall and may be lawful act‘	for	the Merchants who fhall have been duly elected and appointed, and who

fhall be afting as Members cf the faid B llatt-Office Committee at the Time when fuch Election or Appointment ought to take place, to continue to acc as fuch Members, together with the other Members of the faid Committee, without any further or other Election whatever, for the then fucceeding Year, as if they had been elected to the faid Office for fuch Year unde: the Provifions of this Act; and that in cafe any Vacancy fhall happen in fuch Committee in the courfe of any Year, by the Death of any Member orMembers fo elected, an Electioft of a Member or Members to fill fuch Vacancy fhall be made within One Month ; and the furviving Members of the faid Committee, not being lefs than Five in Number, fhall be competent to act until fuch Vacancy fhall be fupplied.

Committee XVII. And be it further enafted, That the faid Ballaft-Office Committee ihall appoint fhall hold their Firft Meeting in every Year on fome Day between the and Secretary Second Day of November and ther Fttt Day of December, and Ihall at fuch who ihaii Firft Meeting appoint a Pilot-Matter for the Year enluing, who fhall alfo ■*mt the	5	be

48° GEORGIl III. Cty.136.	2629

be and ad as Secretary to the faid Committee, and (hall be removable at	^

their Pleafure ; and fuch Pilot-Maftcr and Secretary fliall receive from the the com-faid Committee an Annual Salary, not exceeding the Sum of Fifty nrittee. Pounds, out of the additional Tonnage Duties payable under this Ad, and lhall giveSecurity to the Satisfaction of the laid Committee for the faithful Difeharge of his Duty under this Ad; and the faid Pilot-Mafter lhall from Time to Time vifit and infpeft the laid Lough and River, Port and Harbour, and (hall, whenever thereto required by the faid Committee, make a Report in Writing to the faid Commitcee upon the State of the fame, and of all Matters and Things relating to the Pilotage and Navigation thereof and on all other Matters and Things on which he fhall be direded by the faid Committee to make any Enquiry or Report, from Time to Time, as to the faid Committee fhall fecm fitting and expedient.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded, That from and after the Firft Day of vaet^r3L"yV'^ December One thoufand eight hundred and eight, the Owner or Owners foyiebiha°l?8bc of cverv Smack, Lighter, Gabbard, .Barge, Wherry, Float, Cot, Boat, annuaJly

or other Vcftel whatever, which fhall be ufed or employed, or fhall ply pay^Sum not for hire within the Lough or River, Port or Harbour of Loughfoyle, for the exceeding *1. Purpofe of loading or unloading of any Ship or Vefil-l being within the faid Lough, River, Port, and Harbour, or for the Conveyance of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize or Pafiengers from one Part of the faid Lough, River, Port, or Harbour, to another, fhall from Time to Time pay to the faid Ballaft Office Committee an Annual Sum not exceeding in any Cafe the Sum of Two Pounds for a Licence for each fuch Smack,

Lighter, Gabbard, Barge, Wherry, Float, Cot, Boar, or other Vefiel, according to fuch Bye Laws, Rules, and Regulations, and fubjr'd to fuch Penalties, as the faid Committee fliall make, dired, and order according to the Provifions of this Ad: Provided always, that all fuch Licences fhall from Time to Time be annually granted under the Hand and Seal of the Mayor of the faid City of Londonderry, on a Certificate from the faid Committee, or their Secretary, that the Licence Duty made payable-by virtue of this Ad has been duly paid and fatisfied.

XIX.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Ballaft Offiee Committee, Corporation or any Five or more of them, fhall from Time to Time have full Power and £aymake i*ye Authority, and they are hereby authorized, empowered, and required to !ateThe°Nav:-' make Rules, Bye Laws, and Orders for the cleanfing and improving of gation, Barge-the faid Lough and River, Port and Harbour of Loughfoyle, and for the ™^’PUot,» fixing and placing of proper Buoys and Marks therein, and for the

ufing of any Docks conneded therewith, under the Diredion of the faid Ballaft Office Committee, and for the good and orderly ufing of the Navigation of the faid River Loughfoyle, and for regulating the Manner of fupplying, lifting, receiving, taking in and throwing ouc of Ballaft, and the Rates and Prices thereof, and all Matters and Things relating thereto, and for the Iicenfing and regiftering of all fuch Boats, Barges, Lighters and other Vellels, which fhall be employed, and for the well-governing, of the Boatmen and Bargemen, Lightermen, Watermen, Seamen, and others, by whom fuch Boats, Barges, Lighters, Smacks, Gabbards, Wher. ries, Floats, Cots, and other Vc-flels fhall be employed, in conveying or carrying Goods, Wares, Commodities, Merchandize, or Things, upon ILocMPer.l	29	0	Zy

2630

4$° GEORGII III. Cap. 136.

any Part of the faid River or Lough ; and for the afcertairing, ordering* and regulating the feveral Rates, Fares and Prices, to be paid tor the Freight, Ufe, Hire, or Employment of luch Boats, Barges, Lighters, Smacks, Gabbards, Wherries, Floats, Cots, and Veffels, and of the Watermen, Lightermen, Matters and Owners thereof, and other Perfons concerned in the Navigation thereof, or for the Ufe of any fuch Docks as aforelaid and for the afcertaining and regulating the Rates of Pilotage upon and within the faid Longh and River, Port and Harbour, and for the Liccnfmg, Management, and Government of Pilots there, who (hall be appointed in purfuance of this Aft, and in all Matters and Things relating to Pilotage upon the faid Lough and River ; and to impofe and inflift luch reafonable Fines and Forfeitures upon all Perfons offending againft fuch Rules, Bye Laws, and Orders, or any of them, as to the faid Ballafl Office Committee fhall feem meet, not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds on any one Per-fon for any one Offence; which faid Rules, Bye Laws, and Orders, being put into Writing and figned by any Five of the faid Ballafl Office Committee and theirSeerecary, fhall be binding on, and fhall be obferved by all Perfons, and fhall be fufficient in any Court of Law or Equity to juftify all Perfons who fhall act under the fame: Provided always, that no fuch Rules, Bye Laws, and Orders, or any Alteration thereof, be repugnant to any Law or Statute of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, or any Thing in this Act contained ; and all fuch Rules, Bye Laws, and Orders, and any Alteration thereof, (hall be fubject to Appeal in Manner herein-after mentioned.

ByeLaws, etc. XX And be it further enafted. That all Rules, Bye Laws, Orders, and to be enteied Proceedings of the. faid Ballafl Office Committee, in the Execution of in a Book. this Aft, fhali be fairly entered in a Bouk or Books to be kept for that Purpof'e; and fuch Rules, Bye Laws, Orders, and Proceedings, when entered, fhall be figned by Five of the faid Committee and their Secretary, who arc hereby required to fet their Names thereto; and the faid Rules, Bye Law*, Orders; and Proceedings, fo to be entered, figned, and authenticated, fhall and may be produced and read in Evidence in ail Cafes of Appeals, Suits, Actions, or other Proceedings, touching any Thing done in purfuance of this Aft.

Copies of Bye- XXI. And be it further enafted, That Copies of all fuch Bye Laws, Laws to be Rules, Orders, and Regulations as fhall be fo made asaforefaid, fhali be r'fi15 UPh" r written, printed or painted in large Charafters, with the Name of the a ora ou e. gecretary to the faid Ballafl Office Committee affixed thereto, and fhall be fixed or hung up in fome public or confpicuous Place in the Cuftom Houfe, and in the Office of the Mayor and of the Colieftor of the Cultoms of the laid City of Londonderry.

Name of the	XXII. And, for the better regulating of the Matters of Boats, Barges*

Mailers and Lighters, or other Veffels, and the Boatmen, Bargemen, or others era-Nu£*Snt<S pt°yed by or under them refpeftively, palling on and navigating the faid ©n Veffels. Lough and River, Port and Haibour of Loughfoyle, be it further enafted. That every Owner, Mailer, or Perfon having the Rule or Command of any Boat, Barge, Lighter, Smack, Gabbard, Wherry, Float, Cot, or

other

480 CEORGII III. Cap.	263T

other Veffel (except Pleafure Boats) navigating or patting in, on, or within the laid Lough or River, Port or Harbour, (hall caufe his Name and Place of Abode, and the progreffive Number of his Boat, Barge, Lighter, S.mack,

Gabbard, Wherry, Float, Cot, or other Veffel as aforefaid, to be from Time to Time painted in large legible Characters or Letters One Inch long at the leaft, on feme confpicuous Part of each of the Outfides of every fuch Veffel higher than the fame fhall fink into the Water when fully laden ; and fhall alfo in like Manner, caufe to be painted on the	of Toa^

Outfide of each fuch Veffel certain Lines or Marks, with Figures over each Line or Mark, to denote the Number of Tons Burthen which each fuch Veffel contains when the fame is funk in the Water to the Depth of fuch Line or Mark ; and fhall caufe to be pur, made, renewed, and continually kept on all fuch Veffels all fuch Marks in Paint or otherwife, and under fuch Regulations as the faid Ballad Office Committee fhall by any Bye Law or Bye Laws from Time to Time dired and appoint, fo that the true Name, Place of Abode, Number and Burthen belonging to every fuch Veffel as aforefaid may at all Times clearly appear and be ascertained'; and every Owner, Mader, or other Perfon, having the Rule or Command of any Veffel as aforefaid, who fhall refule or negled to put and renew as often, as neceffary, his Name and Place of Abode, or the progreffive Number of his Veffel or Veffels, or any Lines, Marks, or Figures, herein-before directed or which fhall be directed by any fuch Bye Law on fuch Veffel in Manner aforefaid, or fhall deface, erafe, or dedroy any Name, or any Letter, Mark, Line or Figure,delcribing the Number of fuch Veffel, and the Tonnage therein as aforefaid, fhall for every fuch Offence refpedivelv forfeit and pay to the Ufe of the faid Ballad Office Committee any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Fird Day of Vefleis lwiga-jDecember next after the palling of this Ad, all Veffels trading to or from Loughfoyl^to the Port and Harbour of Londonderry fhall be conducted, piloted, and be conduced navigated by Pilots annually authorized and licenfed by the Mayor of ^dP,1^'tsh!^cen“ the faid City of Londonderry, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal: Corporation. Provided always, that no fuch Licence fhall be granted, except upon the Certificate of the faid Ballad Office Committee, or any Five of them, and

their Pilot Mader and Secretary, that the Perfon requiring fuch Licence is a fit and proper Perfon to be fo licenfed as a Pilot, nor unlefs fuch Perfon fhall have paid to the Ufe of the faid Committee a Sum not exceeding One Pound, the Payment whereof fhall be certified to the faid Mayor by the Secretary of the faid Committee ; and the Mader, Owner or Owners of every fuch Ship or Veffel which fhall be navigated within the Limits aforefaid, without a Pilot licenfed as aforefaid, fhall forfeit Treble the Sum which would have been demandable for the Pilotage of fuch Ship or Veffel, together with Five Pounds for every fifty Tons Burthen of fuch Ship or Veffel.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That no Perfons fhall take charge of Penal( on any Veffel or in any Manner act as a Pilot, or receive any Com- PeHoZ acting penfation for aiding as a Pilot within the Limits aforefaid, unlefs as Kiot» with-authorized by Licence by virtue of this Ad; and no fuch Pilot fhall act licenfed"5 without having his Licence at the Time of his fo acting in his Perfonai

4	Cuftody^

*6^2

Not to exterd to Cafes where

Di ft id's.

Exemption in Cafes where no Pilot can be procured.

Licenfed Per-fons may fu-perfede unli-cenfed Per-ions.

Penalty on Pilots refufing to take charge

than the Pilots Rate, or not compleciiig

Tonnage Du> ties made payable to the Ballali Office Committee.

48° GEORGII III. Cap.is6.

Cuflody, ready to be produced, which (hall actually be produced to any Perfon who fhall lawfully require to fee the fame, on pain of forfeiting 3 Sum not exceeding Two Pounds.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That this Aft fhall nef extend, or be conftrued to extend, to hinder any Perfon or Perfons from affifting any Ship or Veffel in Diftrefs, or fubjeft fuch Perfon or Perfons, or the Owner or Matter of any Ship or Veffel employing fuch Perfons in the Limits aforefaid, to the Penalties of this Aft; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXVI.	Provided alfo,and be it further enafted, That nothing in this Aft contained fhall extend to fubjeft to any Penalty, any Owner or Captain or Mafter of any Ship or Vefiel who fhall employ any Perfon, or aft himfelf as a Pilot for the Conduft of his Ship or Vefiel in any Cafe where a licenled Pilot cannot be procured.

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That it fhall be lawful for any licenfed Pilot to fuperfede any Perfon not licenfed as a Pilot in the Charge of any Ship or Veffel within the Limits aforefaid; and every Mafter who fhall within the Limits aforefaid continue any Perfon not licenfed as herein-before mentioned, after any Pilot licenfed as aforefaid to aft within the faid Limits fhall have offered to take charge of fuch Ship or Veffel, and every Perfon affuming or continuing in the Charge or Conduft of any Ship or Veffel within the Limits aforefaid without being duly licenfed as herein-before mentioned, after any other Pilot licenfed as aforefaid fhall have offered to take charge thereof, fhall re-fpeftively forfeit for every fuch Offence a Sum not exceeding Ten pounds.

XXVIII.	And be it further enafted, That every Pilot licenfed under this Aft who fhall refufe to take charge of any Ship or Veffel, or who fhall exaft any Fee or Reward beyond the eftablifhed Rates of Pilotage, or who fhall quit any Ship or Veffel, or decline the Pilotage thereof, after he fhall have been engaged or gone alongfide thereof, without Leave of the Owner, Mafter, Captain, or Perfon having the chief Command of fuch Ship or Veffel, or before the Service fhall have been performed for which he was hired, or fhall, by Drunkennefs, render himfelf incapable of con-dufting fuch Ship or Veffel, or fhall negligently, ignorantly, or wilfully run fuch Ship or Veffel on Shore, or fhall by Mifdireftion or otherwife do any Injury to the fame, or to the Tackle or Furniture thereof, or fhall lend his Licence or Warrant to any unlicenled Perfon to enable or aflift him in afting or claiming to aft as a licenled Pilot, fhall forfeit for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, and fhall be liable to be difmiffed from being a Pilot, at the Difcretion of the faid Ballaft Office Committee.

XXIX.	And whereas it is expedient to provide a Fund for carrying into Effeft the Purpofesof this Aft, fo far as the fame relates to the Powers, and Duties of the faid Ballaft Office Committee j be it therefore enafted,

That

2633

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 136.

That from and after the Firtt Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and eight, there (hall be paid and payable to the faid Bdlall Office Committee by the Mailer or Ow..er of every Ship or VefTel arriving in the Lough or River, Port or Harbour of Loughfoyle, to the Lid Ballad Office Committee for rhe Time being, or to luch Pcrfon or Perfons, for the Ufe of the faid Committee, as (hall b* duly auihorized by the faid Committee to receive the fame, the following Ra es and Duties and Sums of Money, over and above all Other-Rates and Doties, and Sum and Sums of Money now payable by any fuch Matters or Owners; that is to fay.

For every Foreign Ship or Veffel, or fuch as (hall not belong to any of His Majtfty’s Subje&s of the United Kingdom of Great Britain ana Ireland, or in ihe Plantations, a Sum not exceeding Sixpence for every Ton of the Burthen of fuch Ship or VdTcl:

And for every Ship or Veficl which (hall belong to any of His Ma-jefty’s Subjedh in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland or the Plantations, (Ships and other Vdfels belonging to or employed in the Service of His Majelly, as alfo thofc laden with Coals only, ana Loaders, excepted) a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Three Pence for every Ton of the Burthen of fuch Ship or VcflTel :

And for every Ship or Vcffel arriving in the faid Harbour laden with Coals, and every Coafter, (that is to fay), every Ship <r Vcffel arriving and trading from any Port of I eland to Londonderry, a Sum not exceeding the Sum of TvvoPence for every Ton Burthen of luch Ship or Vcilel :

Ships or Vth'eis anivir.g in Ballad always excepted.

The faid feveral and refpe&ive Rates and Duties to be paid on every Voyage which fuch Ship or Velfel .efpedlively lhall make to the laid Harbour of Londonderry,

XXX.	And, to the End that the faid refpedive Duties due and payable as Ships'll not arorefaid may be more effeflually paid and levied, be it enacted, That it

Iha.l not be lawful to and for the Officers of His Maje fly’s Cultom Houfe Duty paid, in the faid City of Londonderry to clear and difeharge ary Ship or Vcflll outward bound, or to permit any Ship or Veffel outward bound to fail until the Commander or Mailer thereof (hall have brought and pro .uied to the faid Officer a Difcharge from the faid Ballaft Office Committre, or the Perfon appointed by them to receive the faid Tonnage Duty certifying that the Tonnage Duty payable under this Aft has been paid in rtipeft of fuch Ship or Vetlcl; which Certificate fhall be granted on Payment of fuch Duty without Fee or Reward, Fraud or Delay.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, That all Licence Duries and Tonnage Licence Duty, Dunes granted and made payable under this Aft, and all Fines and Pcnahies made payable to the faid Ballaft Office Committee under this Aft, St’ in ihall from Time to Time be veiled in the Lid Commiitee, and fhall be Commttce employed by the faid Committee in and towards fuch of the Purpofi s of f“Vshufth!a this Aft as relate to the Lough and River Port and Harbour of Loughfoyle, 'S ° " and fuch other Matters as by this Aft are placed under the Direfticn and Aa‘ Management of the faid Committee.

[Loc. V Per.]	*9	P

XXXII. And

2634-	48°	GEORGII III. Cap. 136.

fh°inafccrC XXXJI. And he it further enafted} That the faid Ballaft Offie Committee tai» H i cs and fhall once at lead in every Year between the Second Day of November and nuaiiy* 3&c. l^e	°* Deetti&ir* and as much opener as they (hail from Tune

anH afiix to Time think expedient, afeertain the feveral Rates, Prices, Fares, and atA?»e8CuftSm ^ums Money to Pa>d t0 any Perfon or Perlons for the fupplying, Houfe.	lifting, receiving, taking in or throwing out of Ballad ; or for the Frcigtir,

TJfe, Hire, or Employment of Boats, Barges, Lighters, and Vtflcls, and of the Lightermen and Ptrfons employed therein, and for the Pilotage of Ships and Vefieh ; and alfo the Sums of Money to be paid to the laid Committee by virtue of this Aft, in refpeft of the Tonnage of Ships and Vcflels arriving in the faid Harbour, or for the Licences of Ships, Boats, and VefTels ufed or employed or plying for Hire there as aforefaid j and fhall caufe Tables of all the faid Rates, Prices, F.>res, and Sums of Money and Tonnage and Licence Duties to be drawn up and made, with the Name of the Pilot Matter and Secretary to the faid Committee affixed thereto •, and Copits thereof, printed or painted, to be fixed or hung up fiom Time to Time and to be continually kept fo affixed or hung up at the Cuftom Houle, as alfo at the Office of the Mayor and the Office of Colleftor of the Cuftoms of the faid City of Londonderry; and it fhall be lawful for the faid Ballaft Office Committee from Time to Time to reduce all or any fuch Rates, giving Notice of all fuch Alterations, in like Manner, by Tables made and affixed or hung up as aforefaid, and fo as fuch Rates and Sums of Money fhall not exceed the Sums refptftively fpecified in this Aft, in Cafes where any fuch Sum is fo fpecified.

XXXIII. And be it further enafted. That the faid BallaftOfficeCommitte# fhall and may from Time to Time appoint fome Perfon to be a Treafurer, and fome Perfon to be a Colleftor of the feveral Rates and Duties, Sum and Sums of Money payable to the Ule of the faid Committee under and by virtue ot this Aft, and that fuch Treafurer and Colleftor refpeftively fhall give fuch Security as the faid Committee fhall require} and that it fhall be lawful for the faid Committee to pay the faid Treafurer and Colleftor fuch Salary and Allowance as they (hall think proper, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound on the Money collefted and received for the faid Committee; and that the faid Committee (hall once in every Year, between theFirft Day of Oclober and the Firft Day of November, make out a true Account of all Rate? and Duties and other Sum or Sums of Money received by them in the preceding Year, and of all Difburfements thereout and Application thereof in the Payment of Salaries, and in other Expences purfuant to this Aft, with a Statement of the Balance, if any, then in the Hands of the faid Committee or their Treafurer ; and the faid Account fhall be figned by the faid Treafurer of the faid Committee, and by him delivered to the Mayor of the faid City on or before the Firft Day of November in each Year, who (hall lay the lame before the nexr Common Council; and the fame fhall be printed and diftributed by and at the Expence of the faid Corporation.

XXXIV.	And, in order to enable the faid Ballaft Office Committee to givedueand lufficientEncouragementtoPerfons afting asPilots to be aftive nnnated and diligent in their Duties as fuch, be it enafted, 'That it fhall and may Viiouj i*c.. be lawful to and for the faid Ballaft Office Committee to appoint any

yearly

Committes (hall appoint a Treaf rer and Collector, and fhall annually lay

counts before the Corporation, Sec.

CotnmUfee may grant

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 136.	2635

yearly Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to fucb fuperannuated or fickly Pilots as they (hall think proper, and to the Widow or Widows of any Pilot or Pilots who (hall have been drowned or loft in the Difcharge of his or their Duty as fuch, under this Aft: Provided, that all fuch Sums together (hall not exceed in the Whole the Sum of Thirty Pounds in any one Year; and alfo from Time to Time to grant and pay any Pilot or Pilots any Sum or Sums of Money which the Paid Committee may think fuch.

Pilot or Pilots may -deferve, for any extraordinary Service performed by them not exceeding Ten Pounds Sterling; and all fuch Sums (hall be paid out of the Payments, Rates, Duties, and Revenues which (hail arife and be payable to the laid Committee under this Aft.

XXXV.	And whereas it is requifiteto fecurea lufficientDepth of Water To prevent at the Front of theQuays in the laid Port and Harbour of Londonderry, and Frances by that for that Purpofe the River (hould have a free FluxandRefluxalong the Erection of Paid Quays without being obftrufted ; be it therefore enafted, That it (hall Qyay5>&c» not be lawful for any Perfon or Perrons to ereft, build, or conftruft any

Wharf, Quay, Store-houfe, Wall, Building, or Work of any Kind or Sort whatfoever, which (hall projeft into the River FoyHe further than or beyond the Front Line or Breaft of the prefent Ship Quays now on the Side of the Paid River; and that it fhall and may be lawful to and fur the Mayor and Sheriffs of the Paid City of Londonderry for the Time being, to remove and abate all fuch Erections, Buildings, and Conftruftion?, as Encroachments and Nuifar.ces, by delivering an Order in Writing to the respective Tenants, Occupiers, or Owners oi any Wharf, Quay, Storehoufe, Wall,

Building, Work, or other Ercftion or Conftruction, fetttng forth and directing in what Manner fu h Encroachment or Nuifance (hall be .reflectively altered, fee hack, removed, or abated ; and in cafe the Perfon to whom fuch Order (hall be directed and delivered (hall refufe or neglect to comply with fuch Order, and to alter, let back, remove, or abate fuch Nuifance or Encroachment within the Space of Thirty-one Days after fuch Order as aforefaid, then and in fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful for the Mayor or Sheriffs of the Paid City to employ Workmen, and to alter, let back, remove, or abate every fuch Encroachment or Nuifance, and to compel the Paid Tenants, Occupiets, or Owners to pay all the Charges thereof by Diftrefs and Sale of their Goods and Chattels, to be levied bv Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Mayor of the faid City for the Time being.

XXXVI.	And be it further enacted, That the feveral Penalties by this Aft Penalties remade payable to the kid Mayor, Community, and Citizens, fhall be paid ^for^One to the Chamberlain of ihefaid City for the Ufe of the Paid Mayor. Com- Magi ft rate by munity and Citizens, and (hall be applied for the Improvement of the Paid gjj1/

City in fuch Manner as they (hall think proper, and that the Penalties by Default im-this Aft made payable to the faid Ballaft Office Committee, and alfo ail Pn onmcnt* Penalties which (hall be impofed by any Bye Law of the faid Committee, to be made in purfuance of this Aft, (hall be paid to the Tnafurer of the faid Comm.tcee, and (hall be by them applied to fuch Purpof s of this Act as are placed under the Controul a'nd Management of the faid Committee, and that all the laid Penalties (hall and may be recovered in a fummary V\ ay before any one Magiftrate of the faid City, on Proof being made on

Oath

1636

48° GEORG II III. Cap. 136.

Oath after one Summons to the Party oft&ding, and (hall be levied oy Did refs and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of fuch Magiftrafle, unl<*!s fuch Penalty be paid in Ten Days after fuch Diftrefs fh«l! be taken, and the Overplus, it any, after all Charges being deducted, (hall be paid to the Owner, and in cafe no luffi-cieut Diftrefs can or may be had to anfwer the laid Penal.ies Tefpecrively, the Perfon or Perfons who (hall have incurred the lame (hall by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any fuefy Magi (Irate, be committed to the Common Gaol of the Paid City, there to be kept for any Time not exceeding Two Months, nor lefs than Fourteen Days, at the Difcreiion of fuch Magistrate, according to the Natu e of fuch Offence and the Amount of the pecuniary Penalty.

Proceedings XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That noOrder or otherProceeding to not to be va- be made or had by or before any Magiftrate, or to be otherwife made or had oTporm*or3"* purfuance of this Ad, (hall be quafhed or vacated for Want of Form removed by only, or be removed by Certiorari intp any of His Majefty's Courts of Certiorari. Record in Ireland; and that where any Diftrefs (hall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Ad, the Diftrefs itfelf (hall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the fame be deemed a Trefpafier on Account of any Want of Form in the Summons, Convidion, Warrant of Diftrefs, or other Proceedings relating thereto; nor (hall the Party or Partic-s diftraining he deemed a 1 rcfpaffer orTrefpaflers ab initio, on Account of any Irre ulariiy which (hall he afterwards comm.tied by the Party or Parties diftraining, but the Perfon or Perfons aggrieved by fuch Irregularity (hall and may recover full Satisfaction for the fpecial Damage in an Adion upon the Cafe.

Perfons a*. XXXVIII. Provided always, and be further enaded. That all and every grieve dir, *y a p- perfon and Perfons who (hall think himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved " hy any Order or Judgment made or given in puriuance of any Rule Bye Law, or Order of the (aid Bdlaft Office Committee, or by the Order or Determination of any Magiftrate (whe.e fuch Order or Determination is not declared to be final) may, within Two Calendar Months after fuch Order (hall have been made or given, complain to the Juftices of the Peace at their next General Seflions of the Peace to be holden in and for the City and Liberties of Londonderry, and not elfewhere, who (hall in a fuminary Way either hear or determine the Laid Complaint, or if they think proper may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General Seftions of the Peace to be holden for the laid City and Liberties; arid if they fee Caufe may mitigate any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and may order any Money to be returned which final! have been levied in purfuance of fuch Rgle, Bye Law, Order or Determination.

Jurifiliation Of XXXIX. And whereas it will be of great Ufe and Advantage to the Inh-abi-court of Con- tants of theCity andLiberties of theCjty oi Londonderry that the Jurifdi&ion tended fcm °I Oourt Coiffcieitce held before the Mayor or Recorder of the faid »cs. to 405. City for determining Caufcs in a fummary Way in Debts between Party and Party (hould be extended to the Amount of Forty Shilling, be it therefore further enabled, That from and after the Firft Day of September 7	One

2637

■«!»

»Ta

'•bill

Hint

®n«

bta»

iti tat

Aflti wlaJ tf Form wts of for any

Jifca

ajtbe

«*d-

■tia’iij, id may to dii

e*try

tiered : Bit !er or ioaii

of m

si lot in 1

rkey

trial

jidif

®af

jaoce

fati'

Jio«

fail

W

; It

ilf

y*

48s GEORGII III. Cap. 136.

One thousand eight hurdred and eight, the Mayor of the City of Londonderry aforefaid for the Time being, or the Recorder of the faid City tor the i'imr being, thall have full Power and Authority to hear and finally determine, in a fummary Way, CaufVs in all Debts between Party and Party not exceeding in the Amount the Value of Forty Shillings within the faid City and Liberties refpedively, with all fuch Powers, Privileges,

Authority, and Jurilbidion, as the faid Mayor or Recorder have heretofore ufed and exercifed in Caufesnot exceeding Ten Shillings.

XL. Provided always,and be it further enabled, That no DcCree, Exe- ximeof cation, or Commitment (hall take place or be made or executed unhfs Cjuumtracnt. the Party complained of ff all have been duly fummoned, and that no Per-fon (hall be impnfonrd or confined by virtue of any Warrant, Commitment, or Execuiion by the Mayor or Recorder of the faid City under fuch Authoiity or Jurildidion, in the faid Court of Confcience, for any Debt not exceeding in the Whole Twenty Shillings longer than for the Space of J wenty Days, to be computed from the Day of fuch Commitment j and that no Pcrfon fha'l be impnfoned or confined by the Authority aforefaid ter any Debt exceeding Twenty Shillings and not exceeding F rty Shillings, longer than for theSpace of Forty Days, to becomputed as above; and that from and after the refpediveDeterminations of fuch Imprifonmer ts or Confinements the Debt or Debts for which fuch Perl rf or Perfons fha 1 have bjen fo imptifoned or confined, (hall be totally dtfcbaiged to all Intents and Purpofes, as if fuch Debt< r or Debtors had actually paid the fame; and the Pcrfon or Perfons fo or,fined fhall be immediately liberated on the Exjiration of fuch refpedive Confinements without paying any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee or Fees, or other Reward or Gratuity, to the Keeper or Keepers, Turnkey or Turnkeys of the Gaol or Prifon, or others, by way of Gaol Tees or Difcharge Fees, oron any other Pretence whar-foever; and if any Keeper or Keeners, Turnkey or Turnkeys of the laid Gaol or Prifon, or any other Pcrfon whomfoever, fhall demand, lake, or receive any Fee or Fees, Sum or Sums of Money whatfoever, upon the D fcha ge of any fuch Perfon or Perfons fo committed to his or th-ir Charge or Cuftody as aforefaid, or fhall keep or detain any fuch Pcrfon cr Perfons a Prifoner or Priioners after the Time by ti.is Ad limited for hi<, her, or their Imprifonment, every fuch Keeper, Turnkey, and other Perfon fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds.

XLI. Provided always, and be it enaded, That no Adion or Suit Limitation of fhall be commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing done Actions, in purfuance of this Ad, after Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed ; and every fuch Adion or Suit fhall be brought and tried in the faid City, and not elfewhere j and if any fuch Adion ot Suit fhall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice fhall have been given, or after a fufficient Satisfadion made or tendered as aforefaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the fame as aforefaid, or fhall be brought in any other Place than as aforefaid, then the Jury fhall find for the Defendant or Defendants ; and upon fuch Verdifi, ot if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhall be non-fuited, or difeontinue his, her, or their Adion or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants fhall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment [Luc. & Per.']	*29	SI	ihall

2638

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 136.

(hall be given again ft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants Ihall recover Double Cofts, and have fuch Remedy for the fame as any Defendant hath for Cofts of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

Public Act. XLII. And he it further enafted, That this Aft (hall be deemed and taken to be a Public Aft, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and ochers, without being fpecially pleaded.

LONDON: Primed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majefty. t8o8.

it 01

flit

GEORGII III. REGIS.

**********^**^^*#******ic-*«*^*«*3tf* *****iiMHf*******->IH**'>*

Cap. 157.

An Act for fupplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Borough of CclcheJIer, in the County of EJjex.

[23d June 1808.]

WHEREAS the Inhabitants of the feveral Parifhes or Townfhips of All Saints, Saint Botolpb, Saint Giles, Saint Janrs, Saint Leonard, Saint Martin, Saint Mary's at the IValls, Saint Mary Magdalen, Saint Nicholas, Saint Peter, Saint Runwald, Lexden, and The Holy Trinity, within the Borough of Colchejler, are defirous to have a Supply of good and whnlefome Spring Water for domeftic Purpofes: And whereas the faidParifhes are very populous, andtheNumber of Houfes and Buildings within the fame are veryfcnumerous, and in Cafes of Accident by Fire the Inhabitants thereof might be expofed to the molt calamitous Lodes for want of a fufficient Supply cf Water, which would alfo greatlycontribute to the Health. Comfort, and Convenience cf the laid Inhabitants: And whereas the ere&ing and making of proper and fuitable Waterworks, Aqueducts, and Refervoirs, in fome or one of the Parifhes of Saint Peter, Saint Mary, and Lexden, within the Borough of Cokheiler aforefaid, for fupplying the Inhabitants of the aforefaid Pariflies with Water, would tend to promote the beneficial Purpofes before-mentioned And whereas the feveral Perfdnsherein-after named are willing and defirous at their own Fxptnce to erect and make fuel* Waterworks, Aque-[Loc. Ss’JPe*/’.]	29 Q	duels.

2638

Proprietors,

Their Style.

Company may theinfelvcs**

4.8° GEOR GII III. Cap. in.

dufls, Eefervoirs, and other Works, as may be requifite and necefiary for the Purpofes aforefaid; but cannot effedt the fame without the Authority of Parliament; May it therefore pieafe Your Majefty that it may be enafled ; and be it enadted by the King’s mod Excellent M.jelly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament atfembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That James Crowley, Ralph Dodd, George Dodd, Samuel Denton, Richard Hill, Thomas William Hodgson, John James Mackrill, and William Sutton, together with fuch other Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, as they or the major Part of them, prefent at any General or Special General Affembly, to be holden for the Purpofes of this ASt, Ihall nominate and appoint, and their fevera! and refpedtive SuccelTors, Executors, Adminiftrators, and Affigns being a Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the Undertaking to be executed by this Aft, (hall be and they are hereby accordingly united into a Company for the making, com. pleting, and maintaining the faid Waterworks, Aquedufls, Kefervoirs, and other Works neceffary for the Purpofes of this AS, hereby authorized to be made, according to the Rules, Orders, and Directions, hereinafter expreffed, and (hall for that Purpofe be one Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of “ The Company of Proprietors of the Colch jler “ Waterworks,” and by that Name Ihall have a perpetual Succcfiion and a Common Seal, and by that Name shall and may fue and be fued, and flrall alfo have full Power to purchafe Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to them, their SuccelTors and Affigns, for the Uie of the faid Undertaking, without incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statute of Mortmain.

II.	And be it further enacted, That it flrall be lawful for the faid Company of Proprietors to raife and contribute amongfl; themfelves, ill fuch Proportions as they lhail think proper, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Ten thoufand Pounds (except as herein-after mentioned); which faid Sum of Money Ihall be laid out and applied, in the firft Place, in difcharging the Expences of obtaining and paffing this Aft, and of the Surveys, Plans, and Eflimates, and other incidental Expences relating thereto, and then for and towards the making, completing, and maintaining the faid Refervoirs and Aqueduds, and other requifite Works and Conveniences thereto, and for otherwife carrying the feveral Purpofes of this AQ into Execution ; and the faid Sum of Ten thoufand Pounds (hall be divided into Shares of One hundred Pound; each ; and that no Body Politic, Cotporate, or Collegiate, or Pe fon, becoming a Proprietor in the faid Undertaking, Ihall be pof-felfed of or interefted in more than Twenty Shares, either in his own Name, or in the Name or Names of any other Perfon or Perfons in Truft for them, him, or her, (unlefs the fame Ihall come to them, him, or her, by Will, Bequell, Delcent, Right of Adminillration, or Martiage), and fuch Shares ihall be and ate hereby vefted in the feveral Perfons and B idies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, fo fubfcril .g and contributing to the fame, and their feveral and refpective ..xecutors, Adminiftrators, SuccelTors, and Affigns, and to their a; J every of their proper Ufe and Benefit, proportionably to the Sum . they Dial! Severally raife and contribute; and ail Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, and all Perfons whomfoever, their feveral and refpedive Suc-

cefi'ors.

^.8° GEORGII III. Cap: 137.	2639

c (Tors, Executors, Adminiftrators, and Affigns, who (hail feverally fub-feribe for one or more Share or Shares, or fuch Sum or Sums of Money as lhall be called for or demanded by virtue of this Ad, for carrying on and completing the faid Undertaking, (hall be entitled to and receive the entire and net Diftribution of an equal proportionable Pa t, according to the Money fo by them refpeftively paid of the Profits and Advantages that (hall and may arife and accrue by the Rates and other Sums of Money to be raifed, recovered, or received by the faid Company of Proprietors, by the Authority of this Ad ; and every Body Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, and Perfon, having fuch Property in the faid Undertaking as aforefaid, lhall bear and pay a proportionable Sum towards carrying on the fame, in Manner herein direded.

III,	And be it further enaded, That all and every the Shares and Pro- sh.y« robe portions of and in the faid Undertaking, or the Joint Stock or Fund of £jtra°c"a the faid Company of Proprietors, (hall be deemed Perfonal Efface, and tranfmiffible as fuch, and not of the Nature of Real Property.

IV. And be it further enaded, That from and after the Firfl: Day proprietor* of June next enfuing, no Proprietor lhall be deemed qualified	t0

to vote, who has not pofteffed his Share or Shares, and been entered in pr.ireflid of the Books of the faid Company as the Poffeffor and Proprietor of fuch Share theil _SJJary or Shares, for the Space of One Calendar Month ; and that any Pro-	**

"prietor voting at any General or Special Meeting of the Proprietors, who

has not poffefled his Share or Shares for the faid Space of One Month fhall be fubjed and liable to forfeit his faid Share or Shares to the Ufe of the faid Company : Provided alfo, that no Proprietor fhall be entitled to vote for any Share or Shares, unlefs he poiTefles the fame bond fide and in his own Right, and not as the Right or Property of any other Perfon whomfoever, upon Pain of forfeiting the faid Share or Shares to the Ufe of the faid Company.

V.	And be it further enaded. That every Body Politic, Corporate, or Col- subfcirocr* to legiate, and every Perfon who fhall by virtue of this Ad have fubferibed or have a Vote undertaken for One Share in the faid Undertaking, his, her, or their refpec- S,rareeve!>u* not tive Succeffors, Executors, Adminiftrators, and Affigns fhall have a Vote to exceed »o for every fuch Share, but not exceeding Twenty Votes in the "Whole, 111 tilc Wnole* although poffeffed of more than Twenty Shares in Manner aforefaid, in the Rated and Special General Affemblies, t6 be held as herein appointed for carrying on the faid Undertaking; which Vote or Votes may be given by them, him, or her, or by their, his, or her Proxies or Proxy confti- Jv™ (!J?y * tuted under the Seal of fuch Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or rruxy. the Hand of fuch other Perfon, every fuch Proxy being a Proprietor in the faid Undertaking, and every fuch Vote by Proxy fhall be as good and fufficienc to all Intents and Purpofes as if iuch Principal had voted in Perfon ; and every Queftion, Matter, or Thing which fhall be propofed, difeuffed, or confidered in any (rated or Special General Affembly of the faid Company of Proprietors fhall be determined by the Majority of Votes and Proxies then prefent, computing One Vote to every Share:

Provided neverthelefs, that no Perfon fhall vote for more than Twenty Shares as aforefaid, or fhall aft as Proxy for more than Two abfenc Proprietors, fuch Votes by Proxy or Proxies in the Whole not to exceed

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 230.

cced Forty Votes or Shares, the Appointment of which Proxies itizy be made according to the Form following; (that is to fay),

‘ T A B. of	one of the Proprietors of the Colchejler

‘ Water Works do hereby nominate, conflitute, and appoint C. D.

*	of	m be my Proxy, in my Name and in my Ab-

‘ fence to vote or give my Affent or DiflVnt to any Bufinels. Matter, or c Thing relating to the laid Water Works, that (hall be mentioned or

*	propofed at any AlTembly of the Company of Proprietors of the faid c Water Works, in fuch Manner as he the faid C. D. fhall think proper, ‘ according to his Opinion and Judgment, for the Benefit of the laid

*	Water Works, or any Thing appertaining thereto. In Witnefs where-

i of I have hereunto fet my Hand [or Seal] the ‘ Day of	.*

And at every General Aflembly of the Company of Proprietors, One of the Proprietors prefent fhall be appointed Chairman, and fhall not only vote as a Proprietor or Proxv, but in cafe of an Equality of Votes, fnail have the decilive or calling Vote.

row'r to rane VI. And be it further enacted, That in cafe the Money herein-before an.ong them, authorized to be raifed fhall be found infufficient for the making, com-SumIfnece? pleating, and maintaining of the faid Relervoirs and Aqueducts, and Ary}	other the Works hereby author zed to be made, and all necefiary Charges

and Expences relating thereto, then and in fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for1 the faid Company of Prop ietors to raife and contribute among!! themfclves in Manner and Form aforefaid, and in fuch Shares and Proportions as to them fhall feem-meet, or to raife by the Admilfion of new Subfcribers any further or other Sum of Money for completing and perfecting the faid Undertaking, not exceeding the Sum of Five thoufand Pounds, and every Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or other Perfon being a Subscriber towards raifing fuch further or other Sum of Money, fhall be a Proprietor in the faid Undertaking, and fhall have a like Vote by themfelves, Limfelf, or herfelf, in refpett of every One hundred Pounds of the laid additional Sum to be railed (but not exceeding Twenty Votes in the Whole) and Hand interefled in all the Profits of the faid Undertaking, in proportion to the Sum they, he, or fhe fhall or may fubferibe thereunto, as generally and extenfively, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if fuch further or other Sum hereby allowed to be fubferibed for and raifed had originally been Part of the herein full-mentioned Sum of Ten thoufand Pounds, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywife not-withflanding.

To raife Mo- VII. Provided always, and be it enacted. That in cafe the faid Com-ncyby way of pany of Proprietors fhall be dehrous of raifing the faid additional Sum Mort£?.gt. Five thoufand Pounds or any Parc thereof, by Mortgage of the faid Undertaking, it fhall be lawful to and for the faid Company of Proprier tors, to borrow and take up at Interell all or any Part of the faid additional Sum of Five thoufand Pounds on the Credit of the faid Undertaking, and to affign the Property of the faid Undertaking, and the Sums of Money arifing or to arii'e to the faid Company of Proprietors by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof (the Colts and Charges of affigning the fame to.be paid out of fuch Sums of Money) as a Security for any Sum

or

0640



264*

48,GE0RG1I III. Cup.»37.

or Sams of Money fo to be borrowed with Interell to fuch Perfon ro Per-fons, or to his, her, or their Truftee or Truftees, who (hall advance the fame ; all which faicl Affignments (hall be made under the Common Seal of the fold Company of Proprietors, in the Form or to the Effect fol-lowing j (that is to fay,) c T5Y virtue of an A£l made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of Mortgage; « King George the Third, intituled. An Ad [heremfert the Titles/this « A£f\t we the Company of Proprietors of the laid Undertaking incor-e porated by and under the Paid Ad, in Confederation of the Sum of e	to	us, in Hand paid by A. B. of

c	do	hereby	bargain, fell, and affign unto the faicl

t A. B. his Executors, Adminiftrators, and Alfigns, the faid Under-

<	taking, and all the Works thereto belonging, and all and fingular the

« Sums of Money arifing and payable to us for Water by virtue of t the faid Ad, and all our Efiate, Right, Title, and Intereil of, in, and , to the fame, to hold unto the faid A. B. his Executors, Adminiftrators, c and Affigns, until the faid Sum of	with	Intereft

<	for the fame after the Rate of	per	Centum	per	Annum,

<	fliall be fully paid and fatisfied. Given under our Common Seal, this

t	Day	of	in	the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight

« hundred and	.*

And all Perfons to whom fuch Alignments fhall be made (hall be equally entitled one with the other to their Proportion of the faid Sums and Pre-inifes, according to the refpe&ive Sums in fuch Alignments mentioned, to be advanced without any Preference, by reafon of the Priority of any fuch Alignments, or on any other Account; and a Memorial of every fuch Alignment containing the Date, Name or Names, Addition or Additions, of the Perfon or Perfons to whom made, the Sum of Money borrowed, and Rate of Intereft, (hall within Twenty Days from the Date of every fuch Alignment be entered in one or more Book or Books, to be kept by the Clerk of the faid Company, and fhall and may be perufed at all reasonable Times by any of the Proprietors or Creditors of the faid Undertaking* and any other Perfon interefted therein, without Fee or Reward; and the Perfon or Perfons to whom any fuch Alignment lhall which Mort-be made as aforefaid, or who lhall be entitled to the Money due thereon, fjf Ved* be lhall rnd may from Time to Time transfer his, her, or their Right or In-tcrclt therein, to any Perfon or Perfons by Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals; which Transfer lhall and may be in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to fay),

*	1 A. B. of	in	Confideration	of	the Sum

4 of	,	paid by C. D. of

c do hereby transfer a certain Mortgage made by the Company of Pro-

*	ptietorsof 48 The Colchejler Waterworks” to	, bearing

e Date the	Day of	,	for	fecuring	the Sum

‘of	, and all Interell now due and to become due thereon,

4 and all my Right and Property therein to the faid C. D. his Executors, 4 Adminiftrators, and Affigns. Dated this	Day	of

4 in the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and	*

Term of Alignment}

And every fuch Transfer (hall within Twenty Days after the Date thereof be produced to the Clerk to the faid Company of Proprietors, w o 1Lot. 6? Per.']	29 R	(hall

264.2	48°	GEORGII III. Cap. 137.

fliall caafe a Memorial to be made thereof in like Manner as of the original Mortgages or Alignments, for which Memorial the faid Clerk fliall be paid fuch Sum as the faid Company of Proprietors fliall appoint, nor exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence; and every fuch Entry made of fuch Transfer fliall from thenceforth entitle fuch Aflignee or Afiignees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Afligns, to the full Benefit of the original Mortgage, and it fliall not from thenceforth be in the Power of any Perfon or Perfoni', who fliall have made any fuch Aflignment, to make void, releafe, or difcharge the original Mortgage, or any Money thereby fecured or any Part thereof.

VIII.	And be it further enabled. That the Intel eft of the Money which yeaily. fliall be borrowed or raifed by Mortgage as aforefaid, fliall be provided for and paid Half-yearly to the feveral Perfons entitled thereto before any Yearly or other Intereft or Dividends due to the faid Company of Proprietors, or any of them, fliall be paid, made, or divided.

tob-c8nSier-	Provided	always,	That	no Perfon to whom any fuch Mortgage or

ed as Propric- Aflignment fliall be made or transferred as aforefaid, fliall be deemed a tors of Shares. Proprietor of any Share, or be capable of ading or voting by virtue of fuch Mortgage or Aflignment, at any Affembly or Meeting of the faid Company of Proprietors, for or on Account of his or her having lent or advanced any Money oil the Credit of any fuch Aflignment.

^ivenVf0 a6	Proved always, and be it enaded, That no Sum or Sums of

fngotiMoney. Money fo lent and advanced on Mortgage fliall be paid off and difehar-’ed, (fave and except with the Confent of the Perfon or Perfons fo lending and advancing fuch Sum or Sums of Money ), unlefs Six Months previous Notice under the Common Seal of the faid Company of Proprietors fliall have been given to the Perfon or Perfons lending and advancing luch Sum or Sums of Money, or left at his, her, or their lafl: or ufual Place or Places of Abode, of fuch their Intention to pay off and difcharge the fame.

Empowfrins XI. And it is hereby further enaded, That all and every Sum and Sums tor& over °f Money which fliall, previous to the palling of this Ad, have been paid Mosicy paid by any Subfcriber or Subfcribers t® the faid Undertaking, for or on ac-aUyThaK orf count °f anY Share or Shares therein to any Perfon or Perfons whomfo-Shares Pre- ever, fliall be accounted for by fuch Perfon or Perfons to the faid Com-Vaffint0ofhthis Pan7 of Proprietors or their Committee, and fliall be paid to the faid pacing o t is £ompany of Proprietors or their Committee, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons and at fuch Time or Times as they fliall refpedively appoint; and in cafe of Non-payment thereof, the fame lhail and may be lecovered by the faid Company of Proprietors from the Perfon or Perfons to whom or to whofe Account the fame fliall have been paid, in fuch and in the like Manner, and by fuch Ways and Means, as if fuch Sum or Sums of Money had been advanced and paid by or received on account of the faid Company of Proprietors after the pafling of this Ad.

Firft and other ^11. And be it further enaded, That the firfl: General Affembly of the fcmblSs. faid Company of Proprietors for putting this Ad into Execution fliall be hoiden at the Three Cups Inn, in the Town, of Colchejier, upon jthe Second IVednzfday after the pafling of this Ad, or as foon as conveniently may be, at the Hour of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, and

future

2643

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 137.

future General Affemblies of the faid Company, (except fuch Special General Affemblies as herein-after mentioned) (hall be holden on the Second Wednefday in the Month of July in every Year, at the Hour of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, at fuch Place or Places as the faid Company of Proprietors at their preceding General Affembly (hall from Time to Time dirett and appoint, of which future General Affemblies Twenty-one Days previous Notice at lead fhallbe given by public Advertifement, to be inferted in fome Newfpaper ufually circulating in the County of EJfex, or in fuch other Manner as the faid Company of Proprietors at their refpe&ive General Affemblies (hall dirett; and at fuch General Affemblies, it (hall be the Duty of the Directors of the faid Company, to report to the Proprietors at large, the State of the faid Undertaking, and their Proceedings in carrying this Act into Execution ; which Report (hall be fairly entered into the Books of the Corporation by the Clerk, and a Copy of the fame to be left at their Head Office for the Perufal of the Proprietors, who (hall have accefs thereto during fuch Hours as the faid Office is ufually open.

XIII. And be it further ena&ed. That James Crowley, Ralph Dodd, Offacer*°f^ George Dodd, Thomas William Hodgfon, and William Sutton, (hall be and Court oi^Di-are hereby appointed Diredors for conducing the Bufmefs of the faid reftors* Undertaking, from the Day of the firft General Alfembly of the faid Company of Proprietors to be held as herein-before mentioned, until the

next General Alfembly of the faid Company to be holden on the Second Wednefday in July then next enfuing.

XIV.	Provided always, That any Perfon (hall be capable of acting or of Qualification* being chofen as a Dire&or as herein-after dire&ed, who (hall hold and of Clreftor4-be poffeffed of any Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking: Provided

alfo, that if any Perfon fo chofen as a Dire&or (hall hold any Contract or Employment under the faid Company, he (hall not be capable of voting as a Dire&or, during the Time of his holding fuch Contrad or Employment.

XV.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That the faid Five Direc- Sutkguent tors fo herein-before nominated and appointed, or the Perfon or ^P£,f eJ{nent Perfons appointed in their Room or Stead refpe&ively, by virtue of this (by the*5*0™ Ad, (hail continue in Office until the Second Wednefday in July next after ?roPr'eton) fuch their Nomination and Appointment; and on fuch Day One of the oflhof^o™ faid Diredors (hall go out of Office, and ceafe to be a Diredor of the faid out of ofseef Company : And in order to determine, who of the faid Diredors (hall

out of Office, and ceafe to be a Director, the Clerk of the faid Company, at the General Alfembly to be holden on that Day, (or fome Adjourn, ment thereof), lhall and he is hereby required to write upon diltind Pieces of Paper, of equal Size, the Name of one of each of the faid Diredfors; and all fuch Papers (hall be rolled up in the fame Form, as near as may be, and be put into a Box or Wheel; and one of fuch Papers lhall then be drawn out of fuch Box or Wheel, by fuch Clerk; and the Director, whole Name lhall be upon fuch Paper fo drawn, fliall go out of Office, and ceafe to be a Diredtor ; and the faid Company lhall then nominate and appoint One other Member, who lhall be poffeffed of and entitled to any Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking, and fuch Perfon fo appointed lhall. continue in Office for the Space of Three

Tears,

*644	48* GEORGII III. Cap. 137-

Ye?.rs, (ev'ept in cafe of Death, or Refufal to aft, or ceafing to be qualified in IVi/ er by this Aft direfted, and no longer); and on the Second Wednefday the next fucceeding Month of July One of the Direftors firft nominated and appointed by this Aft as a Direftor, or the Perlon or Perfcns nominated or appointed in his Room or Stead, (hall go out of Office, and ceafe to be a Direftor: And in order to determine which of fuch Direftors (hall go out of Office, and ceafe to be a Direftor, the Cierk of the faid Company, at the General Affembly to be holden on that Day, (or fome Adjournment thereof), fhall and he is hereby required to write upon Four diftinft Pieces of Paper, of an equal Size, the Name of One of each of fuch Direftors; and all fuch Papers fhall be rolled up in the fame Form as near as may be, and put into a Box or Wheel, by fach Clerk; and One of fuch Papers fnali men be drawn out of fuch Box or Wheel, by fuch Cierk, and the Direftor whofe Name fhall be upon fuch Paper fo drawn, fhall go out of Office, and ceafe to be a Direftor ; and the faid Company fhall .hen nominate and appoint One other Member, qualified as a''ore! aid, fo be a Direftor, in the Room or Stead of fuch Direftor ; and fuch Perfon fo nominated and appointed fhall continue in Office for the Space of Three Years (except in cafe of Death, or Refufal to aft, or ceafing to be qualified in Manner by this Aft direfted), and no longer; and on the Second WedneJ'day in the next fucceeding Month of July One of the remaining Direftors firft nominated and appointed by this Aft as Direftors, or the Perfon or Perfons nominated and appointed in his or their Room or Stead, fhall go out of Office, and ceafe to be a Direftor of the faid Company, m like Manner aforefaid; and the faid Company fhall, at their General Affembly to be holden on that Day, nominate and appoint fuch other Member qualified as aforefaid, to be a Direftor, in the Room or Stead of fuch Direftor ; and fuch Perfon fo nominated and appointed, fhall continue in Office for the Space of Three Years (except in cafe of Death, or Refufal to aft, or ceafing to be qualified in Manner by this Aft direftedJ, and no longer ; and on the Second Wednefday in every fucceeding Month of July in each and every Year, One Direftor out of the Members of the faid Company, qualified as aforefaid, fhall be nominated and appointed; and fuch Direftor fhall continue in Office for the Space of Three Years (except in cafe of Death, or Refufal to aft, or ceafing to be qualified in Manner by this Aft direfted), and no longer : Provided always, that it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Company of Proprietors, again to nominate and appoint any fuch Perfon or Perfons fo qualified as aforefaid, and going out of Office, to be a Direftor or Direftors of the faid Company.

la cafe a Di- XVI. Provided alfo, and be it enafted. That in cafe on any Second rctftor is not Wednefday in the Month of July no fuch Nomination and Appoint-SeDaymcn. raent °f fuch Director fhall be made, then and in every fuch Cafe tioned, an®, another Meeting of the faid Company fhall be holden on the Second tShefaSfw Wednefday following for^ the Purpofe of making fuch Eleftion ; and that Purpofe. in cafe no fuch Nomination and Appointment of fuch Director (hall be then made, then and in every fuch Cafe another Meeting of the faid Company fliall be holden on the Second Wednefday following, for the Pur-pole of making fuch Eleftion, and fo toties quoties until fuch Direftor fhall be chofen ; but fuch Direftor fhall not continue in Office co be a Direftor of the faid Company for any longer Space of Time than if he 9	had

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap.in.	i645

had been elected on the faid Second Wedncfday in the Month of July as aforefaid.

XVII.	And be it further enabled, That in cafe any Perfon or PeHons subfequent’ nominated and appointed by the faid Company as a Direftor or Direc-

tors lhail die or refufe to aft in the Execution of this Aft, or fhall not, or (by thepro-

ceafe to be entitled to any Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking, then She Roomer

and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Com- thofc who (hall

pany to nominate and appoint at fome AfTembly of the faid Company, fome

Perfon or Perfons qualified as aforefaid to be a Direftor or Direftors, in the dlfqualified.

Room or Stead of the Direftor or Direftors fo dying or refufing to aft, or

ceafmg to be fo qualified ; and every Perfon fo nominated and appointed

fhall have the like Powers and Authorities, and fhall be fubj^ft to the like

Rules, Regulations, and Reftriftions, as the Perfon in whofe Room or

Stead he fhall be fo nominated and appointed, and fhall continue in

Office for fuch Time and no longer, as the Direftor in whofe Room or

Stead he fhall be fo nominated or appointed, would have continued in

Office.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Company of Proprietors ?oroe^^Jn"g may make the faid intended Waterworks in or over the Lands or Grounds if® r Mrftakei of any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever into whole Lands or Grounds fuch »n the Name* Waterworks fhall extend, although their Names are not mentioned in the afi^Occu?01* Book of Reference j or into the Lands or Grounds of any Perfon or Per- piers.

fons whofe Name or Names ..fhall appear, to the Satisfaftion of any Two Jufticesof the Peace acting for the Borough of ColcbcJlery and be by them certified under their Hands, to be by Miftake omitted in the faid Book of Reference ; or that inftead thereof, the Name or Names of fome other Perfon or Ptrlcns to whom fuch lafl mentioned Lands and Grounds do not belong, have or hath by Miftake been inferred therein; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enafted. That if at any fuch General Aflem- General Af-bly there fhall not be Perfons prelent, either as Principals or Proxies, frmblits for who fhall be perfTeffed of or entitled unto at leaft Iwenty Shares in the laid Undertaking, fuch General AfTembly of the faid Company fhall contift of be adjourned to that Day Fortnight to be ho'lden at the fame Place, 20 Share*, and fo from Time to Time until there fhall be fuch Perfons or Proxies prefent at fuch General AfTembly having fuch Number of Shares as aforefaid, and of every fuch adjourned Meeting Seven Days Notice fhall be given in One or more of the London Newfpapers, and in One or more Papers ufually circulated in the Town or Borough of Colchejler, and in cafe of Failure of the afl'embling of a lufficient Number of Proprietors having fuch Shares at fuch General Affem-bly, every Proprietor who fhall not attend fuch fecond or adjourned General AfTembly, fhall forfeit and pay to the faid Company for every Share which he or fhe fhall pofTefs in the faid Undertaking, the Sum of Twenty Shillings to be dedufted out of his or her next fuc-ceeding Payment of Intereft or Dividends of the Profits of the faid Undertaking (as the Cafe may happen) ; an'd in cafe no Intereft cr Dividends {hall j ayable to fuch Perfon or Perfons making Default as aforefaid, wiihin Twelve Calendar Months next after the making of fuch Default, then and in fuch Cafe fuch Penalty or Forfeiture of Twenty {.L°c. & Per29 <$	Shillings

2646

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 137.

Shillings (hall and may be levied and recovered by fuch Ways and Means as any other Peiialtv or Forfeiture impofed by this Act may be levied and recovered.

And be it further enacted, That the faid Company of Proprietors fefiee.	fhall	have	Power and Authority, at any fuch General Aflembly, to re-

move and difplace any Director nominated and appointed bv virtue of this Ad, and fiom Time to Time to nominate and appoint another Per-fcn or Perfons in his or their Room or Stead ; and it (hall and may be lawful to or for the faid Company of Proprietors, at any General or fpecial Genetal Aflembly to order and difpofe of the Cuftody of their Common Seal, and the Ufe and Application thereof, and to make fuch Rules, Bye Laws, and Orders for the good Government of the faid Company, and their Servants, Agents, and Workmen, and for the Superintendance and Management of the faid Undertaking, and from Time to Time to alter and repeal the faid Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations or any of them, and to iinpofe and inflid fuch reafonable Fines and Forfeitures upon all Perfons who fhall offend againfl the fame, as to fuch General or Special General Aflembly fhall leem meet, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds for any one Offence ; and all fuch Rules, Bye Laws, and Orderfe, being reduced into Writing under the Common Seal of the faid Company and printed, fhall be binding upon and obferved by all Parties, and fhall be fufficient in any Court of Law or Equity to juftify all Perfons who fhall ad under the fame ; provided that the fame be not repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom called England^ or to the Provifions and Diredions in this Ad contained, or to any of them ; and every fuch General and Special General Aflembly fhall have Power to call for, audit, and fettle all Accounts of Money received, laid out, and difburfed on account of the faid Undertaking by the Trea-furers, Receivers, or Colledors of any Money for the laid Company, and other Officers by them appointed, or by any other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever employed by, or concerned for or under them, in and about the faid Undertaking and the Works thereto belonging; and the faid Company fhall have Power to adjourn rhemfelves from Time to Time to fuch Place or Places as fhall at any fuch General or Special General Aflemblies be thought proper and convenient.

Officers of the XXI. And be it further enaded, That it fhall be lawful for the faid Company to Company of Proprietors at any General Aflembly to nominate and ap-\e appointed. j,0jnt un(jer the Common Seal of the-faid Company, aTreafurer or Treasurers, Engineer or Engineers, Clerk or Clerks, Colledor or Colledors, and fuch other Officer’s as to them the faid Company of Proprietors (hall feem proper, and from Time to Time to remove any fuch Treaiurer or Treafurers, Engineer or Engineers, Clerk or Clerks, Colledor or Col-ledors, or other Officers, or any of them, and to nominate and appoint another Perfon or Perfons in his or their Room or Stead in Manner afore-faid, taking fuch Security from every fuch Treafurer, Engineer, Clerk, Colledor, or other Officer for the due Execution of their - refpedive Offices, and granting them fuch Salary or Coinpenfation as the faid Company of Proprietors fhall think proper; and luch Clerk or Clerks fhall, in a proper Book or Books, to be provided by the faid Company of Proprietors for that Purpofe, enter and keep a true and perfed Account of the Nlffnes and Places of Abode of the feveral Pei Tons who (hall from

Time

26a7

48°GE0RG1I lit Cap. 137.

Time to Time become Owners and Proprietors of, or entitled to any Share or Shares therein, and of all Afts, Proceedings, and Tranfaftions of the Paid Company of Proprietors and Direftors refpeftively ; and each of the faid Proprietor of the faid Undertaking thall and may at all Times have recourfe to and per life and infpeft the fnne, and alfo the Book or Books to be kept by the Chief or other Clerk to the faid Company of Proprietors, gratis, and may demand and ha c Copies thereof, or any Part thereof, paying the Sum of Sixpence for cveiy One hundred Words fo to be copied; and it any fuch Clerk or Clerks to the faid Company of Proprietors (hall refufe to permit any Pioprietor or Proprietors fo interefted as aforefaid to infpeft or perufe fuch Book or Books of Proceedings at all convenient Times and Seafons, or refufe to make any fuch Copy or Copies at the Rate or Price aforefa d, he thall for every fuch Offence forteit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXII.	And be it further er.afted, That it thall be lawful for the faid Di- For apprfnt-reftors to fufpend or remove any Treasurer, Engineer, Clerk; Collect r, cffe°®ryra*in Officer, or Servant of the faid Company, for any Negleft, Milconduft, oi c*ncies. Inability, and to appoint fome other Perfon in their refpeftive Places, and alfo to fill up the Vacancies that may occur by Death, Resignation, or other-wife, but in cafe any fuch new Appointment thall be made by the faid Directors, but the fame thall continue only until the next General or Special General Affembly of the faid Proprietors, when the Appointment of fuch Perfon thall either be confirmed, or fuch other fit Perfon thall be appointed to fucceed to fuch Office as the faid Proprietors at fuch General or Special General Affembly thall think proper.

XXITI. Andbe it further enafted, That every fuch Treafurer, Engineer, ^ccLuntf* Clerk, Collector, and ail other Officers and Perfons, fo to be appointed as aforefaid, thall under their Hands at fuch Time and Times, and in fuch Manner as the faid Company of Proprietors or their Direftors thall direct, deliver to the faid Company of Proprietors, or to the faid Directors, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they refpeftively thall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and 1 hings committed to their Charge by virtue of this Aft, and alfo of all the Monies which thall have been by fuch Treafurer, Engineer, Clerk, Colleftor, Officer or Officers, arid Perfon or Perfons refp ftivtly received, by viriue and for the Pur-pofes of this Aft, and how much thereof hath been paid and ditburfed, and for what Purpofcs, together with the proper and legal Receipts or Vouchers for fuch Payments, and thall pay all fuch Monies as thall remain in their refpeftive Hands to the faid Company of Proprietors or to the faid Direftors, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they refpeftively thall appoint; and if any fuch Treafurer, Engineer, Clerk, Colleftor, Officer, or Perfon* thall refufe to produce or deliver up fuch Receiptsor Vouchers, or to make Payment as aforefaid, or thall not deliver to the faid Company of Proprietors, or to the laid Direftors, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they refpeftively thall appoint, within Twenty Days after being thereunto required by the faid Company of Proprietors, or by the faid Direftors, all Books,

Papers, and Writings, in his or their Cuftody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Aft, or thall refufe or negleft to pay fuch Monies as upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts thall appear to be in their refpeftive Hands to the faid Company of Proprietors, or to the faid Direftors

2648

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 137.

rectors, or as they refpeCtively {hall direct or appoint, then and in either of the Cafe-* aforefaid, the faid Company of Proprietors may and are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or cauie to be brought any ACtion or ACtions againlt the Treafurer, Engineer, Clerk, Collector, Officer or Officers, Per ion or Perfons refpeCtively, or if Complaint fhall be made by the faid Company of Proprietors, or by the faid Directors, or by fuch Perfon or Perfons as they refpeCtively fhall appoint for that Purpofe, of any fuch Refufal or NegleCt as aforefaid, to any Two or more of the Jultices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place, wherein the laid Trea-furer, Engineer, Clerk, Collector, Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons, fo negleCting or refufing fhall be and refide, fuch Juftices may and are hereby authorized and required by a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to caufe the Treafurer, Engineer, Clerk, Collector, Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons, fo neglecting or refufing, to be brought before them, and upon his, her, ©r their appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine, the Matter in a fummary Way* and if upon the Confeffion of the Party or Parties, or by the Teltimony of any credible Witnefs or Witneffes upon Oath, it fhall appear to fuch Juftices,. that any of the Monies that fhall have been collected or raifed by virtue of this ACt, fhall be in the Hands of fuch Treafurer, Engineer, Clerk, Collector, Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons, fuch Juftices may and are hereby authorized and required, upon Non payment thereof* by a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to caufe fuch Money to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods. and Chattels of fuch Treafurer, Engineer, Clerk, Collector, Officer and Officers, Perfon or Perfons refpeCtively ; and if no Goods or Chattels of fuch 1 eafurer. Engineer, Clerk, Collector, Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons, can be found fufficient to anl'wer and fatisfy the faid Money, and the Charges of making and levying the fame, or it fuch Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons, fhall ftill perfift in refufing or negleCting to deliver up all fueh Books, Papers, and Writings as aforefaid, to the faid Company of Pro-pi ietors, or to the faid Directors, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they refpeCtively fhall appoint, then and in any or either of the Caies aforefaid, fuch Juftice fhall commit fuch Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol for fuch County, City, Town, or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he fhall give and make a true and perfeCl Account and Payment as aforefaid, or until he fhall compound with the faid Company of Proprietor"-* or with the faid DireClors, and fhall have paid fuch Compofition in fuch Manner as they refpeCtively fhall appoint, and until he fhall deliver up fuch Books, Papers, and Writings as aforefaid, or give Satisfaction in refpect thereof to the faid Company of Proprietors, or to the faid Directors ; but no Treafurer, Engineer, Clerk, Collector, Officer, or Perfon, fo committed for want of fufficient Diftrefs, fhall be confined or detained in Prifon by virtue o( this ACt, for any longer Space than Three Calendar Months.

Tonrofthc XXIV. And be it further enaCted, That no Director fhall have more than Dare ois. Qne Vote at any Meeting of the faid Directors, except the Chairman, and who in cafe of an Equality of Votes upon any Queftion which may be agitated at any Meeting, fhall have the calling Vote although he may have given One Vote before-, and all the Powers and Authorities hereby veiled in or directed to be exercifed by the faid Directors, may be done and exercifed by the major Part of them prefent at their refpeCtive Meet-7	irgs.

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 137.

ings, the whole Number prefent not being lefs than Three; and the faid Directors Avail from Time to Time make Reports of their Proceedings to the faid General Alfemblies, and if required, to the faid Special General Affemblies of the Proprietors, and Avail obey their Orders and Directions, and the fai l Directors Avail (fubjeCt neverihelefs at all Times to fuch Orders and Directions as aforefaid) meet at fuch Times and Places, and Avail from Time to Time adjourn themfelves to fuch other Times and Places as they Avail think fit; and in order to defray the Expences of their Meetings, the faid Directors Avail from Time to Time receive oiit of the faid Capital Stock of the faid Proprietors, fuch Sum or Sums of Money as Avail be directed, adjufied, and fettled at fuch General Aflemblies ; and the faid Directors lhall and may contract for and agree for the Purchafe of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, that may be taken for the Pur-pofes of the faid Undertaking, and the Works thereunto belonging, and Avail and may fettle, adjuft, and determine all Matters, Queftions, and Differences which Avail or may arife between the faid Company of Proprietors, and the feveral Owners of and Perfons interefted in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which Avail or may be taken and damaged, or affeCted by the Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted, and Avail and may make Contracts, Agreements, and Bargains, with the Workmen, Agents, Undertakers, and other Perfons employed or concerned in making and completing and continuing the Works belonging to the LidUndertaking, and all and every Part or Parts thereof; and the laid Directors Aiall (fubjeCt neverthelefs to the Orders and Directions of fuch General or Special General Affenvblies as aforefaid) have full Power and Authority to direCt and manage the Affairs of the faid Company of Proprietors; and the faid Directors Aiall by themfelves, or the Clerk to the faid Company of Proprietors, keep a full and true Account of all Money diAvurfed, and Payments made by the faid Directors, and by all and every Perfon and Perfons employed by or under them, and of all and every Sum and Sums of Money which they Avail receive on Behalf or in rcfpeCt of the faid Undertaking, from any Colle&or or Collectors, or other Officer or Officers, or from any other Perfon or Perfons whornfoever, employed in or having any Concerns, Dealings, or TranfaCtions with the faid Undertaking, or in or with any Part or Parts thereof, and lhall regularly by themfelves or their Clerk as aforefaid, write, infert, and enter in a Book or Books to be from Time to Time provided at the Expence of the faid Company of Proprietors for that 1'uipofe, Minutes or Copies (as the Cafe lhall require) of every fuch ContraCt, Bargain, Receipt, and Dilburfement, and of all other their Orders and Proceedings, which Book or Books Avail be depofited with and kept locked up under the Care and Direction of the laid Directors, provided always, that any Proprietor Avail have free Accefs thereto, upon every reafonable Defire for his or her InfpeCtion ; and the faid Directors Avail have Power from Time to Time to make fuch Call or Calls for Money Pi from the Subfcribers to and Proprietors of the faid Undertaking, to defray m the Expences of or to carry on the fame, as they the faid Directors from Time to Time lhall find wanting and neceffary for thofe Purpofes, fo that no fuch Call lhall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds upon each Share, and fuch Calls Avail not be made but at the Distance of Thirty Days at lealt from each other, and Fourteen Days Notice at the lealt Avail be given of all fuch Calls, provided that it Avail not be lawful to make any further Call upon any Proprietor or Propietors who • lLoc- & Per-2	29 T	{halt

2650	4-80GEORGII	III.	Cap.ttf.

/hall have paid toihe faid Company of Proprietors in obedience to the Paid Calls or otherwife, the full Amount of the Sum which by his, her, or their Subfcription, he, (lie, or they had undertaken to pay for his, her, or their faid Shire or Shares; and every Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of any Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking, (hall pay his, her, or their rateable Proportions of the Monies to be called for as aforefaid to fueh Perfon or Perfons, an 1 at fuch lime and Place as the faid Diredtors fhall from Time to Time order and diredfc; and if any Perfon orPerfons fhall negledt or refufe to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable Part of the faid Money fo called for as aforefaid, at the Time and Place appointed by the faid Directors, or within Twenty Days next enfuing, he, fhe, or they: fo negledting or refufing, fhall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two Pounds for every Share he, fhe, or they fhall have'in the faid Undertaking; and if fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall continue to negledt or refufe to pay his, her, or their rateable Call or Calls as aforefaid, for Four Calendar Months next after the Time fo appointed for Payment thereof, then he, fhe, or they fo negledting or refufing, fhall forfeit his, her, or their refpedtive Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking, and all the Profits and Benefits thereof; all which Shares fo forfeited fhall be verted in the faid Company of Proprietors in Trurt, for and for the Benefit of aii the reft of the faid Proprietors, in Proportion to their refpedtive Interefts in the faid Undertaking, or fhall at the Difcretion of any of the faid General or Special General Afletn-blies, be publicly fold for the Ufe of the reft of the faid Proprietors whofe Shares and Interefts fhall not have been forfeited as aforefaid: Provided neverthelefs, that no Advantage fhall betaken of any Forfeiture of any Share or Shares, until Notice fhall have been given to or left at the ufual or laft: Place or Places of Abode of the Owner or Owners of fuch Share or Shares refpeflively, provided fuch Place or Places of Abode fhall be known to the Clerk of the faid Company of Proprietors, and fhall be within Ten Miles of London and Colcbeftcr, nor until the fame Share or Shares fhall likewife have been declared to be forfeited at fome General or Special General Afiemblyof the laid Company of Proprietors.

Subfcrjfccrs to XXV. Provided always, and be it further enabled. That the refpedtive fcnptioruon ’ Perfons who have fubferibed, or who fhall hereafter fubferibe or advance Calls ‘.y tha any Money for and towards the faid Undertaking, or fhall be Owner or Dircaori. Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking, fhall and are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums by them refpectively fubferibed (or fuch Farts and Proportions thereof as fhall from Time to Time be called for by the Diredtors of the faid Company of Proprietors by virtue of the Powers and Directions of this Adt) at fuch Times and Places and in fuch Manner as fhall be directed by the faid Diredtors; and in cafe any of fuch Subfcribers fhall negledt or refufe to pay the fame at the Time and Place and in Manner fo required for that Purpofe, the faid Company of Proprietors are hereby required to fue for and recover the fame in any Court of Law or Equity.

Direftingthe XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions brought by the inActiwtt*for ComPany °* Proprietors againft any Perfon or Perfons who hath or Calls'! “ have fubferibed, or who Xha.ll hereafter fubferibe or advance any Money 7	for

48° GEORGII III. Cap.iyf.	263!

for and towards the faidUndenaking, or againft any Owner or Owners,

Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking to recover any Sum or Sums of Money due and payable to the faid Company for or by reafon of any Call or Calis made by virtue of this Aft, it (hall be fufficient for the faid Company to declare and alledge that the Defendant or Defendants being an Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of fuch or fo many Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking is or are indebted to the faid Company in fuch Sum or Sums of Money as the Call or Calls in Arrear {hall amount to for fuch and fo many Call or Calls of fuch or fo many Sum or Sums of Money upon fuch or fo many Share or Shares belonging to the faid Defendant or Defendants (as the Cafe may happen to be) whereby an Aftion hath accrued to the faid Company by virtue of this Aft, without fetting forth the fpecial Matter; and on the Trial of fuch Aftion it {hall be only neceffary to prove that the Defendant or Defendants, at the Time of making fuch Call or Calls was or were an Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of fome Share or Shares in the faid Water Works, and that fuch Call or Calls was or were in faft made, and that fuch Notice was given thereof as is direfted by this Aft, and the faid Company {hall thereupon be entitled to recover what {hall appear due, unlefs it {hall appear that any fuch Call exceeded the Sum of Ten Pounds for every One hundred Pounds, or was made within the Diftance of Thirty Days from the laft preceding Call, or without Notice given as aforeLid; and after Judgment ihall be given for the faid Company in any fuch Aftion, Execution {hail not be {fayed by reafon of any Writ of Error brought by the Defendant or Defendants therein unlefs fuch Defendant or Defendants with Two fufficient Sureties ffiall firft become bound to the faid Company by Recognizance, to be acknowledged in the Court in which fuch Judgment fliall be given in Double the Sum adjudged to the faid Company by fuch Judgment to profecute the faid Writ of Error with Effeft ; and alfo if the faid Judgment {hall be affirmed, or the faid Writ of Error be non-proffed, to fatisfy and pay the Debt, Damages, and Colts adjudged by the faid Judgment, and all Colls and Damages to be awarded for Delay or Non-execution.

XXVII.	And be it further enafted. That if any Owner or Owners, Pro- On the D:ath prietor or Proprietors, of any Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking ExCScuUtoCr'aiber* {hall happen to die before fuch Cali or Calls {hall have been made for mayCcompleat the full Sum or Sums to be advanced on any Share or Shares which he, the Payment fhe, or they fliall have been pofleifed of or entitled to without having of lncirShare*-made Provifion by Will or otherwife how and in what Manner fuch Share or Shares /hall be difpofed of, and how or by what Means the future Calls in refpeft thereof ffiall be paid to the faid Company of Proprietors for the Purpofc of the faid Undertaking, then and in fuch Cafe the Executors or Adminiftrators of any fuch Owner or Owners fo dying, or the Truftee or Tru{lees,Committeeor Committees, of any Lunatic or Lunatics,

Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or Infants, or of any other Perfon or Perfons entitled to the Eftate and Effefts of fuch deceafed Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, ffiall be indemnified againfl all and every fuch Infant or Infants, and agamft all and every other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, for or on Account of his, her, or their having paid any Sum or Sums of Money when called for as aforefaid, to compleat

every

2652

4-8° GEORG 11 III. Cap* 137.

every fuch Subfcription; and if fuch deceafed Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors (hall not have left Abets fufficient, or in cafe the Executors or Adminiftrators, Truftee or Truflees, Committee or Com* mittees. Guardian or Guardians of any fuch Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, (hall refufe or neglect to anlwer fuch Calls, the faid Company of Proprietors (hall be, and they are hereby authorized and required to admit any other Perfon or Perfons to be an Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Share or Shares of fuch deceafed Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, on Condition that he, (he, or they fo admitted, do and (hall on or before fuch Admiffion pay to the Executors or Adminiftratois of fuch deceafed Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or to the Truftee or Truftees, Committee or Committees, Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or Infants, or to any other Perfon or Perfons who may be entitled to his or her EffeSs, the full Sum or Sums of Money which (hall have been paid by fuch Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, in his, her, or their Life-time, by virtue of any Call or Calls, or otherwife upon fuch Share or Shares, or fuch other Sum or Sums of Money as the fame can be fold for ; and in cafe no Perfon or Perfons (hall be found who is or are willing to be admitted upon fuch Condition as aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe fuch Share or Shares (hall be forfeited to and become veiled in the reft of the Company of Proprietors in the faid Undertaking, and (hall be fubjedt to be fold and difpofed of in like Manner as other forfeited Shares may be fold and difpofed of by virtue of this A-ft,

Shares may be XXVIII. And be it further enabled. That it (hall and may be lawful for the feveral Proprietors of the faid Undertaking, his, her, or their refpedtive Executors, Adminiftrators, and Affigns, to fell and difpofe of any Share or Shares to which he, (he, or they may be entitled therein, fubject to the Rules and Conditions herein mentioned, the Conveyance of which Shares (hall be in the Form, or to the Effect followings ('videlicet),

Form Of Con.. 4 T yl% in Confideration of	paid	to	me	by

shar«? °	C* D. of	do hereby bargain, fell, afiign, and transfer

‘ to the faid C. D. the Sum of	Capital	Stock	of

4 and in The Colchejier Water Works, being Part [or, the Whole, as the

*	Cafe may be~\ of my Share [or. Shares] in the faid Undertaking, to

*	hold to 1 he faid C. D., his [or, her] Executors, Adminiftrators,

4 and Affigns, fubjedt to the fame Rules, Orders, and Reftridtions, and

*	on the fame Conditions, that I held the fame, immediately before the

*	Execution hereof; and I the faid C. D. do hereby agree to take and 4 accept the faid Capital S'ocjc or Share, fubject to the fame Rules,

‘ Orders, Reitrictions, and Conditions. As witnefs our Hands and 4 Seals, this	Day	of	.*

And on every fuch Sale, the faid Deed of Conveyance being executed by the Seller or Sellers, and the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Share or Shares, (hall be kept by the faid Purchafer or Purchafers, for his, her, or their Security, after the Clerk to the faid Company of Proprietors (hall have entered, in a proper Book or Books to be kept for that Purpofe, a Memorial of fuch Transfer and Sale, for the Ufe of the faid Company, and have tedified or ii.dorfed the Entry of fuch Memorial on the fa’id Deed of Sale or Transfer, for which no more than Two Shillings and Sixpence (hall be paid ; and the faid Clerk is hereby required

to

2653

48° GE0RGI1 III. Cap. 137.

to make fuch Entry or Memorial accordingly; and until fuch Memorial fhall have been made and entered as above direfted, fuch Purchafer or Purchafers fhall have no Part or Share of the Profits of the laid Undertaking, nor any Intereft for fuch Share or Shares paid to him,^ her, or them, nor any Vote in refpeft thereof as a Proprietor or Proprietors of the faid Undertaking.

XXIX And be it further enabled, That after any]Call of fuch Money fhall have been made by the faid Direftors as aforefaid, no Perfon or Perfons a;ter a Call fhall fell or transfer any Share or Shares which he, fhe, or they fhall Mor*«y poffefs in the faid Undertaking, on Pain of forfeiting his, her, or their refpeftive Share or Shares therein to the faid Company of Proprietors in Truft, for the Benefit of all the faid Proprietors, unlefs he, fhe, or they, at the Time of fuch Sale or Transfer, fhall have paid and difcharged'to the Treafurer of the faid Company of Proprietors, the whole and entire Sum of Money which fhall have been called for upon each Share fo fold or transferred, fuch Forfeiture neverthelefs to be notified and declared at a General or Special General Affembly.

XXX. And wheTeas in cafe where the original Subfcriber of One or more Forafcertiirf-Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking fhall die, become infolvent, or	^

Bankrupt, or go out of the Kingdom, or fhall transfer his Right and Intereft to fome other Perfon, and no Regifter fhall have been made of the Transfer thereof with the faid Clerk, as directed by this Aft, it may not be in the Power of the faid Company of Proprietors, or their Treafurer or Clerk, to know who is the Owner or Proprietor of fuch Share or Shares, in order to give him, her, or them. Notice or Notices of Calls made on fuch Share or Shares as is hereby required, and to maintain any Aftion or Aftions againft him, her, or them, for the Recovery of the fame, or for the Purpofe of fafely paying to him, her, or them, the Intereft or Dividends to which he, fhe, or they may be entitled by virtue thereof; be it further enafted. That in all the Cafes aforefaid, where the Right and Property in One or more Share or Shaies in the faid Undertaking fhall pafs from the original Proprietor thereof to any other Perfon or Perfons by any other legal Meins than by a Transfer or Conveyance thereof as herein direfted, an Affidavit fhall be made and fworn to by Two credible Perfons before One of His Majefiy’s Juftices of the Peace, Hating the Manner in which fuch Share or Shares hath or have puffed to fuch other Perfon or Perfons; and fuch Affidavit fhall be tranfmitted to the Clerk to the faid Company of Proprietors to the Intent that he may, and he is hereby required to enter and regifter the Name or Names of every fuch new Proprietor or Proprietors in the Regifter Book or Lift of Proprietors in the faid Undertaking, to be kept in the Office of the faid Clerk ; and that in all or any of the faid Cafes it lhall be lawful for the faid Company of Proprietors at any General Meeting after Three Calendar Months Notice fhall have been given by the faid Treafurer or Clerk to the Owners or Perfons claiming by fuch Affidavit to be Owner or Owners thereof, and fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall not have paid his, her, or their Proportion of the Money becoming payable by virtue of any Call or Calis as aforefaid ; and after Notice .thereof fhall have been given Three Times at the Intervals of Twenty-one Days between fuch Advertilement in 'fome Newfpaper circulating in the •faid County of EJ/ex, to declare the fame Share or Shares to be forfeited :

[L«. £sf Per. j	29 U	and

2654

fTames of Prc-

N umbei of their Shares to be entered in a Book, and Tickets with the Numbers delivered to

the***

Tower to make Water-xvo-ks, take Land, &c-

48° GE ORGII in. Cap. 137.

and in fuch Cafes the fame flial! be and become forfeited and fold, and difpofed of in fuch Manner as the faid Company of Proprietor* (hall dirett, or otherwife become confolidated in the general Fund of the laid Company.

XXXI.	And for the better Security of the fevcral Proprietors of the faid Undertaking as to their refpe&ive Shares therein, be it further ena&ed. That the faid Company of Proprietors {hall and are hereby required at their fecond or fome fubfequent General Meeting, to caufe the Names and proper Additions of the feveral Perfons who lhall be then entitled to the Shares in the faid Undertaking, with the Number of Shares which they are then refpe£lively entitled to hold, and alfo the proper Number by which every Share lhall be diltinguifhed, to be fairly and diltinttly entered in a Book or Books to be kept by the Clerk to the faid Company of Proprietors; and after fuch Entry made to caufe their Common Seal to be affixed thereto, and lhall alfo caufe a Certificate or Inllrument, with the Common Seal of the faid Company affixed thereto, to be delivered to every fuch Subfcriber upon Demand, fpecifying the Share or Shares to which he, Ihe, or they is or are entitled in the faid Undertaking, every fuch Proprietor pacing to the Clerk Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more for every fuch Certificate or Inllrument, and fuch Certificate or Inllrument lhall be admitted in all Courts whatever as Evidence of the Title of fuch Subfcriber, his, her, or their Executors, Adminiftrators, or Affigns, to the Share or Shares therein fpecified; but the Want of fuch Certificate or Inllrument lhall not hinder or prevent the Owner or Proprietor of any of the faid Shares from felling or difpofing thereof; and in cafe any fuch Certificate or Inllrument lhall become defaced, worn out, or damaged, or lhall be loll or defiroyed, then another lhall be made out, and entered by the Clerk on the fame Terms and Conditions as aforefaid.

XXXII.	And be it further ena&ed, That it lhall be lawful for the faid Company of Proprietors, and their Succefibrs, by themfclves, their Deputies, Officers, Agents, Servants,Workmen, and Affillants, to make, complete, maintain, and keep Water Works, Refervoirs, Aquedu&s, Water Wheels, Fire Engines and other Engines, Pipes, and other Conveniences in the feveral Pariihes, Townlhips, or Places herein before mentioned for fupplying the fame with Water, iffuingand proceeding from divers Springs in t e Pariffies of Saint Mary at the Wells, Saint Peter and Lexden in the faid Borough, flowing into the River Colne, or in Failure thereof from the River Colne, by the laid Waterworks; and the faid Company of Proprietors are hereby fully empowered by themfelves, their Deputies, Agents, Workmen, or Servants, to fupply the faid intended Waterworks, and the faid Refervoirs and Aqueducts, whilft the fame lhall be making, and at all Times for ever after the fame {hall be made, with Water within the Limits of the faid Waterworks herein-before preferibed, and to make fuch and fo many Feeders Tunnels, and Shafts, and to make, eredt, and fee up fuch and fo many Stop Gates, Locks, Sluices, Weirs, Catch Drains, Engines, Steam Engines, and other Machines for fupplyina the faid Waterworks and the faid Refervoirs and Aquedu&s with Water, and for any other Pur-pofes for the making, maintaining, and ufing of fuch Water Works, Refervoirs, and Aquedu&s as they the faid Company of Proprietors, or

their

48’ GEORG 11 III. Cap. 137.

their Succeffors, (hall from Time to Time think proper and expedient; and for the better effectuating the Purpofes aforefaid, the faid Company of Proprietors and their Succeffors, Agents, Officers, Workmen, and Servants are hereby empowered to go, enter, and pafs in, upon, over, under, or through the Lands and Grounds, Brooks, Streams, Waters, Highways, Roads, Paltages, Streets, Commons, and all other Lands and Places of or belonging to any Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic Corporate or Collegiate whatfoever, and to fet out and afcertain fuch Part or Parts thereof as they the faid Company of Proprietors (hall think neceffary and proper for making, compleating, maintaining, improving, and ufing the faid Water Works, Refervoirs, and Aquedufts, and all fuch other Works, Matters, and Conveniences as they fhall think neceffary for effecting the Purpofes aforefaid, and to bore, dig, cut, trench, and fough, and to remove and lay Earth, Clay, Stone, Rubbifh, Trees, Roots of Trees, Gravel or Sand, or any other Matters or Things which may be dug or gotten in the making of the faid Water Works, Refervoirs and Aquedufts, or the Tunnels, Shafts, Trenches, Paffages, Sluices, Pens for Water, Gutters, Soughs, Ditches, Drains, Catch Drains or Watercourfes, and other the Works of the faid Water Works, Refervoirs and AqueduCts, or which may prevent or obftruCt the making, compleating, maintaining and ufing the fame, or any of them refpeCtively according to the true Intent and Purport of this ACt; and alio to conftruft, make, build, and fet up, in or upon the faid Refervoirs or AqueduCts, or upon the Lands adjoining to, or lying near the fame, fuch and fo many Banks, Bridges, Fords, Tunnels. Shafts, AqueduCts, Pipes, Sluices, Locks, Weirs, Pens for Water, Drains, Catch Drains, Steam Engines, Houfes, or other Buildings upon the fame, and other Works, for raifing and returning Water for the Ufe of the faid Waterworks, Refervoirs, and AqueduCts, and for the conveying of Water from one Level to another, and for ail other the Purpofes of the faid Undertaking, and alfo to make fuch Engines, Watch-houfes, ■And other Works, Roads, Ways, and Conveniences, and all fuch Cifierr.s, Ponds, Bafons, Main Pipes, Rider Pipes, Hand Pipes, Stand Pipes, Service Pipes, Branches of Lead, and other Metal Cocks, Chamber Cocks, Cocks in Common, Stock Cocks, Valves, Fire Plugs, Air Plugs, Fire Cocks, B;>xes, Mains, Ferrules, Feeders, Fanipers, Drains, Catch Drains, Pumps, Sluices, and all fuch other Works and Devices, as and wherever the faid Company of Proprietors (hall think requifice for the fe-veral Purpofes of this Aft, and alfo from l ime to Time to divert, alter, and repair, widen, enlarge, amend, and difcominue the fame, and to make and maintain any other Works and Conveniences of or belonging to the faid Waterworks, Refervoirs, and Aquedufts refpeftivelv, as (hall be deemed necefiary or proper for the making, erefting, finiffiing, altering, repairing, amending, maintaining, and ufing the laid Waterworks, Refervoirs, and Aquedufts refpeftively, and the Works thereof; and for carrying and conveying Articles and Things to and from the faid Waterworks, and alfo to place, lay, manufafture, and work any Materials on the Grounds, where found, or near to the Place or Places where the faid Works, or any of them, (hall be or are intended to be made, erefted, repaired, cr done, and alfo to make, maintain, repair, or alter any Fences or Palfages, over, under, or through the faid Waterworks, Refervoirs, and Aquedufts, and the Works and Conveniences, which (hall or may at any Time or Times hereafter belong to, or communicate therewith,

and

2656

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 137

and alfo to make, fet out, and appoint fuch Paths, Banks, and Way®* convenient for paffing in, through, alongfide, or upon, the faid Waterworks, Refervoirs, and Aqueduds, and Feeders, to the laid Works for any fuch Purpofes, as they the faid Company of Proprietors fhall think convenient; and alfo to dig, take, and carry away for the.Ufe of the faid Company of Proprietors any Clay, Soil, Gravel, Sods, or Loam, which may be proper and convenient for making the laid Waterworks, Refervoirs, Aqueducts, Steam Engines, or other Works, and alfo for repairing, fupporting, maintaining, and ufing the fame, in, upon, or from any Grounds adjoining or lying contiguous or convenient thereto, and to con-ftrud, ered, alter, keep in repair, and ufe any Works or Buildings in, upon, or acrofs any Creeks or Brooks, for the making, ufing, or maintaining, the faid Waterworks, Refervoirs, Aqueduds, Walercourfes, and Feeders, and the Paths on the Sides of the faid Works without Impediment, and alfo to conltrud, ered, do, and perform all other Matters and Things, which lhall be deemed neceflary and convenient, for the making, completing, ufing, preferving, and improving of the faid Waterworks, Refervoirs, Aqueduds, and Feeders, and the Works conneded therewith, in purfuunce and within the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad, they the faid Company of Proprietors, their Agents, Deputies, Officers, Workmen, and Servants, doing as little Damage as may be in the Execution of the feveral Powers to them hereby granted, and making full Satisfadion in Maimer herein-after mentioned, to the Owners or Proprietors of, and all Perfons interefted in any Lands or other Hereditaments, which fhall be taken, and removed, diverted, or piejudiced for all Damages, which fhall be fuftained by fuch Owners or Occupiers of, and other Perfons interefted in any Lands and Hereditaments, which fhall be taken or ufed by or on the Behalf of the faid Company of Proprietors, or which fhall be prejudiced or damaged by being overflowed or other-wife, in furveying, letting out, making, maintaining, altering, repairing, and ufing the faid Waterworks, Refervoirs, Aqueduds, and Feeders, or ' other Works, or in or by the Execution of any of the Powers of this Ad, and this Ad fhall be fufficient to indemnify the faid Company of Proprietors, their Deputies, Servants, Woskmen, and all other Perfons for what they or any of them fhall do, by virtue of the Powers hereby granted.

d,n*f"”cGar' XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enaded. That nothing in to be injured, this Ad contained fhall authorize or empower the faid Company of Proprietors, or any Perfon or Perfons ading by or under their .-Yuthority, to take, ufe, injure, or damage, in the making or completing of the laid Waterworks, Refervoirs, Aqueduds, or other Works relating thereto, or any other of the Purposes aforelaid, any Houfe, Bridge, or other Buildings which was ereded or built on or “before the paffing of this Ad, or any Land or Ground which on or before that Time was fet apart and ufed as and for a Park, Paddock, Ga-den, planted Walk, or Avenue to a Houfe without the Confent of the Owner or Owners thereof for the Time being.

XXXIV. And be it further enaded. That a Map or Plan, fimilar to that Jianftai/b* tepoliied with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Efftx> fhall im:gp-tt poiittd. diately after the paffing of this Ad be depofited with the Town Cleik For the Town and Borough of Golchejler or his Deputy, and that all Perfons interefted therein fhall at all reafonable Times have Liberty to infped and perufe the fame, and take a Copy thereof, or any Part thereof, paying a 3	reafonable

486GEORGII III. Gap. 137.	26-57

teafonable Compenfation to the faic! Town Clerk or his Deputy for every fuch lnfpection, and that the faid Company fhall not make any other Re* fervoir or Refervoirs, or have any Right or Authority to take any other Land for making any other Refervoir of Refervoirs for the fupplying of any Water than the Refervoir or Refervoirs in the faid Map or Plan de-feribed, nor in making the faid Refervoir or Refervoirs more than Twenty Yards of Three Feet each from the Place or Places deferibed in the faid Map or Plan, without the Confent in Writing of the Perfon or Perfons,

Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, in or through or upon whofe Lands any fuch Refervoir or Refervoirs {hall be ere&ed or made, or on of through whofe Lands any fuch Deviation fhall be made.

XXXV.	And be it further ena&ed, That after any Lands, Grounds, or Bodies Poll-Hereditaments, fhall be fet out arid afeertained for making the faid Water Works, Refervoirs, Aquedu&s, Feeders, aftd other Works, or any Part &c. en*i»ow«r-or Parts thereof, or any of them, it fhall bfc lawful for all Bodies Politic, <;11 Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations, Aggregate or Sole, and to and for the Pur-for all Tenahts for-Life, and-TeriaritS ?n Fee Tati, General or Special, or P^8atoie“ for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, and to and for all Huf- lai bands, Guardians, Truftees, Feoffee's in Trtiftj* for charitable arid other Purpofes, Committees, Executors, and Adminiftrators, and all other Truftees an’a Perfons whomfoever, not only for or on Behalf of them-felves, their Heirs and; Succeflbrs, but alfo for or on Behalf of their Cef-tuique Trufts, whether Infants, Iffue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, or other Perfon or Peffons, and for all Femes Coverts, who are or lhali be feif-cf, priflefled of, or iuterefted in their own Right, or entitled to Dower, or other Intereft therein, and to and for all and every other Perfon or Perfbris whomfoever, who is, are, or {ball be feifed, poffefTed of, or interefted in any Lands, Grounds, ot Hereditaments, which fhall be fo fet out and afeertained for the Purpofes aforefaid, to contraft for, leafe, fell, and convey the fame, and every Part thereof to the faid Company of Proprietors, and all fuch Coritra&s, Agreements, Sale, Conveyance, and AfTurance,

{hall be made at the Expence or the faid Company of Proprietors, and fuch of them as fhall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to the faid Company of Proprietors, lhall be made according to the following Form :

*	T A.B. of	in	Confideration of the Form of the

‘ A Sum of	to	me paid [or in Confideration

4 of the annual Rent of	to	me to be hereafter C C ol“panjr*

4 yielded and paid by Yearly or Half-yearly Payments, as may be agreed € on] by the Company of Proprietors of the Colchejter Water Works,

‘ do hereby grant and releafe to the faid Company all [deferibing the

*	Premifes to be conveyed] and all my Right, Title, and intereft to and e in the fame, and every Part thereof, to hold to the laid Company and

*	their SuccelTors for ever, by virtue and according to the true Intr nt *’ and Meaning of the Act palled in the Foriy-eighth Year of the Rei^n,

* of His Majefty King George the Third, intituled, \_hcre irifert the Ti le 4 of this Aflf] in Wicnefs thereof, I have hereunto fet my Hand and Seal,

4 this	Day of	in the Year of our Lord One

4 thoufand eight hundred and	\

And if the Premifes {hall happen to be Leafehold for Years, they thaU be afligned by a Form anfwerable to the above, only fubftituting theWo.ds [Loc. Ter.]	29	X	applicable

i6$8	4.S”GE0RGII HI. Cap.tyj.

Applicable to the Affig-nment of a Chattel, which laid Conveyance fha“ be kept by the Clerk of the faid Company of Proprietors, who (hall from Time to Time when requelled, deliver attefted Copies thereof to anv Per-fon or Perfons requiring the fame, and (hall have and .receive Sixpence for every One hundred Words, of each firch attefted Qopy, and io in Proportion for any greater or lefs Number of Words-.-

vvercd\o **** XXXVI. And whereas* in order to carry into Effect the Purpofes of this-reieii Lands A&, and to avoid Disputes with the Owners of Lands, Grou-'d?, or ritbi "anted. Hereditaments, which may be affedted by making the laid Water Works* Refervoirs, Aquedudts and other Works; the faid Company or Piwrie-tors may purchafe Lands, Buildings, or Hereditaments, not nei.elfary to be madeufe of for thePurpofes of this Ad ; be it therefore enacted. That it fhall be lawful for the faid Company of Proprietors to fell and. difpofe. of and by Indenture under their, common Seat, . abfolutely to grant and convey fuch Part or Parts of the Lands and Hereditaments* which fhall be fo purchafed by and conveyed to the faid’ Company of Proprietors as aforefaid, and.as fhall not be wanted for thePurpofes of this Ad, and alfo to lay out and appropriate any Part of the faid Lands, and Premifes, as for a Way or Ways, Avenue or Avenues, Paflage or Pafiages, and that all fuch Conveyances from the faid Company of Proprietors (hall be valid and effedual, any Law, Statute, or Guftom, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding; and upon Payment of the Money which fhall arife by the Sale or Sales of fuch Lands, Rents or Pre-mifes, or any Parts or Parcels thereof, it fhall be lawful for the Treafurer or Treafurers for the Time being, to the faid Company of Proprietors, to fign and give Receipts for the Money for which the lame fhall be fold, which Receipts fhall be fufficienc Dilcharges to any Perfon or Perfons for the Purchafe Money for which fuch Lands, Rents, or Premifes, fhall be fold, or for fo much thereof as in fuch Receipt fhall be expreffed to be received, and fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall not be anfwerable for any Lofles, Mifapplication, cr Nonapplication of fuch Purchafe Money, or any Part thereof: Provided always, that the faid Company of Proprietors before they fhall fell and difpofe of fuch Lands or Hereditaments, fhall firft offer to refell the fame to the Perfon or Perfons from whom they fhall have purchafed the fame; and in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall not then and .thereupon agree, or fhall refufe to repurchafe the fame, then and in every fuch Cafe, an Affidavit before a Mafter Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Maj.efty’s Juftices of the Peace for the County of EJex^ by foine Perfon or Perfons no way interefted in the faid Lands or Hereditaments, ftating that fuch Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the faid Company of Proprietors, and was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refufed by the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame was fo made, which fhall in all Courts whatfoever be fufficient Evidence and Proof that fuch Offer was made and not agreed to, or was refufed by the Perfon or Perfons to whom it was made as the Cafe may be.

The Word* XXXVII. And be it further ena&ed, That all Grants, Demifes, and Coo-jairland Bar veyances t0 be made by the faid Company of Proprietors under or by Sell,’’ to ope- virtue and in purfuance of the feveral Powers and Authorities to them runt* for°ve* hereby given> tbe Words “ Grant, Bargain and Sell” lhall amount to Title.	and

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 137.	2G59

and be conftrued and adjudged in all Courts of Judicature to be Ex* prefs Covenants to the Grantee and Leflee, or other Purchafer, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, Adminiltrators, 3nd Afligns from the faid Company of Proprietors for themfelves and thcih S'ucceflbrs, that rhey the faid Company of Proprietors, notwithflandirig any Aft done by them, were at the Time of the Execution of every fuch Grant, Leafe, or Conveyance, feifed of the Hereditaments‘and Premifes thereby gi anted, conveyed and fold of an indefeafible Eflate of Inheritance, in Fee Simple, free from all Incumbrances for quiet Enjoyment thereof againft the faid Company of Proprietors, their Succeffors and Affigns, find all claiming under them, and all fuch Purchafers fhould be indemnified, and faved harmlefs by the faid Company of Proprietors and their Succeffors.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enabled, That all and every Sum and Sums

of Money which ihallbe had, received, and taken by the faid Company of p^rchaie Proprietors as the Confideration of any fuch Sale as aforefaid, or that Money, may be referved byway of Rent upon any fuch Leafes fo to be granted as aforefaid, fhall be paid, applied, and difpofed of in fuch and the like Manner as any other Sums of Money arifing or to arife from the faid Water Works, Refervoirs, Aquedu&s, and Feeders, are hereby directed to be paid, applied, and difpofed of.

XXXIX.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That all and every	19

Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and Tenant and Te- e

nants for Life, and Tenant and Tenants in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, and all Feoffees in Truft,

Executors, Adminiftrators, Femes Covert, Hufbands, Guardians, Committees,'Truftees, and all and every Perfon andPerfons who is or are feifed, poffeffed of, or interefted in any Lands or other Hereditaments through* in, or upon which the faid Water Works, Refervoirs, Aqueducts, Watercourfes or Feeders, or other Works hereby authorized and intended to be made, may accept and receive‘Satisfaction for the Value of fuch Lands, Grounds and Hereditaments, and for the Damages to be fuftained by the making and completing of the faid Works herein-be-fore directed, either in grofs Sums or by annual Rents ^except in Cafes of fpiritual Perfons to whom Compenfation for Glebe and Tythes fhall be made by annual Rent in Manner herein diredted) as fhall be agreed upon by and between the faid Parties intereited refpectiveiv, or any of them} and the faid Company of P.oprietors or their Directors, and in cafe the faid Company of Proprietors, or their Directors, and the Parties interefled in fuch Lands, Grounds, or ether Hereditaments, cannot agree as to the Amount or Value of fuch Satisfti&ion the fame fhall be afcertained and fettled by the Verdift of a Jury, a3 is herein directed.

XL. And be it further enacted. That if any fuch Body Politic, Cor- ifparuesbe porate, or Collegiate, or any Feoffee or Feoffees, in Truft, Executor, difiatisfied Adminiflrator, Hufband, Guardian, Truftee, Committee of or for any ^Toii^De-Lunatic or Idiot, or any Feme Covert, or any Perfon whether Tenant for termination. Life, or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or other Perfon or Perfons fo interefled or entitled as be' lmpannn-0 aforefaid, fhall be diffatisfied with any Sum of Money offered by the faid !*d ,,ecid* Directors, or any Three or more of them, and fhall give Notice *ne "Iatrer’ thereof in Writing to the Clerk to the Did Directors within Fourteen

66o

48* GEORGII III. Cap.137.

teen Days next after the fame fhall have been made, or if any- lucb Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Truftee or Iruftees, or any other Perfon or Perfons; fhall, upon Notice in Writing given to the principal Officer of any fuch Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to fuch Feoffee or Feoffees, in Truft, Executor, Adminiftrator, Hufband, Guardian, Truftee, Committee of or for any Lunatic or Idiot, or to fuch Feme Covert, or to fuch Tenant for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or other Perfon or Perfohs refpe&ivelv, or left at the laft or ufual Place or Places of his, her, cr their Abode, or with the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands or other Hereditaments, to be made ufe of for the Purpofes of this Ad, for the Space of Fourteen Days next after fuch Notice, Negled, or Refufal to treat, or fhall not agree with the faid Company of Proprietors, or by reafon of Abfence or otherwife fhall be prevented from treating, or through Difability by Nonage, Coverture, of other Impediments cannot treat for themfelves, to make fuch Agreement or Agreements as fhall be neceffary for the Purpofes aforefaid, or fhall not within the before-mentioned Space of Fourteen Days produce and fully difclofe the State of the Title to the Premifes which they are or fhall be in Poffeffion of, and to the Intereft which they claim therein, then and in every fuch Cafe the faid Dire&ors, or any Three or more of them, fhall, and are hereby empowered and required to iffue a Warrant under their Hands and Seals to the Mayor of the faid Town and Borough, in which the Matter in queftion fhall arife; and in cafe $ny fuch Mayor or Deputy Mayor fhall be One of the faid Company of Proprietors, or enjoy anv Office or Place of Profit or Truft under them, or fhall be otherwife interefted in the Matter in queftion, then to any One of the Coroners of the faid Borough, who fhall not be fo interefted as afor'e-faid; and in cafe all the faid Coroners of fuch Borough fhall be fo interefted, then to the laft Perfon who filled the Office of Mayor of fuch Borough, and who fhall not be interefted as aforefaid, commanding fuch Mayor, Coroner, or other Perfon to’ impannel, fummor, and return a Jury of Twenty-four fufficient and indifferent Men qualified according to the Laws of this Realm, to be returned for Trials of IfTues in His Majefty’s Courts at IVejfminJter, to appear before the Juftices of the Peace for the Borough of Cokhcjler and the Liberties thereof, at fomc Court of General or Quarter* Seffions of the Peace to be holden there, or at fome Adjournment thereof as in fuch Warrant fhall be appointed, and to atterid fuch Court from Day to Day until difeharged by the faid Court, and all Panics concerned may have their lawful Challenges againfi: any of the faid Jurymen, but fhall not challenge the Array ; and the faid Juftices are hereby empowered and required by any Precept or Predtpts to fuinmon and call before them all and every Perfon or Perfons who fhall be thought neccffkry to be examined as a Witnefs or Witneffes, touching the Matter in queftion, and to hear and examine fuch Witnefs or Witnelles upon Oath ; and the faid Juftices may order and authorize the faid Jury, or any Twelve or m re of them, to view the Place or Places, or Matter or Matters in queflion, which Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths, and alfo the Oaths of fuch Perfons as fhall be called to give Evidence, fuch Juftices are hereby authorized to adminifter) fhall enquire of, affefs, and afeertain the Surti or Sums of Money, or annual Rent, to be paid for the Purchafe of fuch Lands or other Heriditaments, or the Recompences to be made for the Damages that Ihall or may be fuftained as aforefaid, and Iha.l affefs fepa-8	rate

48’ GEOJIGII III. Gap.in.	s66i

rate Damages for the fame, and for any feveral and feparate Interefts of any Owners, Tenants, Tenants for Life or Lefiees, or Tenants at Will, or any other Interefl therein; and the faid Juftices fhallgive Judgment for fuch Puichafe Monies, Rent, or Recompence fo to be aflefled by fuch Jury, which faid Verdid, and the Judgment thereupon to be pronounced as aforefaid, fhall be figned by the faid Juftices, and (hall be binding and conclufive to all Intents and Purpofes againft all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate., and all other Perfons, and fhall not be removed by Certio-rari, or any other Writ or Procefs into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at IVeJlminJler or elfewhere ; any Law or Statute to the contrary liofwithftanding.

XLI. And be it further enaded, That if the Mayor or other Perfon, fo MayorVo”^ directed to fummon and return a Jury as aforefaid, or his Deputy or fummoaa Agent, fh .11 make Default in the Premifes, he fhall for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds; and if any Perfon fo fummoned and returned as aforefaid upon fuch Jury, fhall not appear, or appearing fhall refufe to be fworn, or give his Verdid, or fhall in any other Maimer wilfully negled his Duty contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or if any Perfon fo fummoned to give Evidence fhall not appear, or appealing fhall refufe to be examined or to give Evidence, every Perfon fo offending having no reafonable Excufe (to be allowed by the laid Juftices) fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, which feveral and refpedive Penalties fhall and may be levied by virtue of any Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One of the faid Juftices, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon fo offending, rendering to him the Overplus after fuch Penalty, and the Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale fhall be deducted ; and every fuch Penalty fo recovered from any Perfon who fhall have been fo fummoned to give Evidence ?s aforefaid, fhall go and be paid to the Peifon or Perfons, who fhall appear to the faid Juftices to be injured by the Default of fuch Perfon.

XLII. And be it further enaded, That ali Perfons who, in any Exami- Punn‘^j"f Pc[* nation to be taken upon Oath by virtue of this Ad, fhall wilfully give	of

falfe Evidence, or otherwiie forfwear theml’elves, before any fuch Jury, or before any Juftices of the Peace, acting as fuch in the Execution of this Ad, fhall and may be prolecuted for the fame, and upon Convidion thereof, fhall be fubjed and liable to fuch Pains and Penalties, as Perfons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are by the Laws in being fubjed and liable to.

XLIII. And be it further enaded, That full Recompenfe and Satisfadion For making fhall be made by the faid Company of Proprietors for all the Tythes both foTVyules! -.Great and Small of the Lands, which fhall or may be taken or made ufe of by the faid Company for the Purpofes, and in purfuance of the Powers of this Ad, to the refpedive Perfons entitled, or who would have been entitled to fuch Tythes, in cafe fuch Lands had not been fo taken or made ufe of, according to their relptdive Interefls therein, (m h Tythes to be eftimated at the average Value of Seven Years laft paft, fuch average Value to be ascertained (in cafe of any Difference concerning the fame) in like Manner, as the Value of any Lands or other Hereditaments is herein direded to be afeertained : Provided always, that the Recompence [Lee. Ptr.~\	29	T	and

2662	48°GEORGII	III. Cap. 137.

and Satisfaction to be given by virtue of this ACt, for all Glebe Lands and Tythes belonging to Spiritual Perfons, fhall be made to fuch Perfons by an animal Rent.

XL1V. Provided always, and be it further enaCted,That in cafe the Works of the faid Company fhall hereafter be diicontinued, the faid Company of Proprietors fhall make Satisfaction or Compenfation to the Owners and Occupiers of all Tythe and Glebe Lands, for the Damage done to the faid Land by any Excavations or other Works of the faid Company of Proprietors.

Expenceiof XLV. And be it further enacted, That in each and every Cafe where a jop^by*whom VerdiCt fhall be given for more Money, or for a greater annual Rent, as »obc paid a Recompence or Satisfaction for the abfolute Sale of any Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments belonging to any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, or as a Compenfation for any Damages done or to be done to fuch Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, or other Property, than had been pre-vioufly offered by or on Behalf of the faid Company, or their Directors, or where any VerdiCt fhall be found for any Damages, where the Difpute is for Damages only, and where no Compenfation had been previoufly offered or tendered in refpeCt thereof, by or on Behalf of the faid Company, or their Directors, or where, by reafon of Abfcnce in Foreign Countries, or other Impediment or Disability as aforefaid^ there fhall not be found any Perfon or Perfons at hand, who may be legally capacitated to enter into a Contract with, and make Conveyances to and receive Com-penfations from the faid Company, as herein mentioned, then and in all fuch Cafes all the Expences of fummoning fuch Jury and taking fuch Verdict, ihail be defrayed by the laid Company; but if any VerdiCt fhall be given for the fame Sum or Rent that had been previoufly offered by or on Behalf of the faid Company, er for a lefs Sum than had been fo previoufly offered, or in cafe no Damages fhall be given by the VerdiCt, where the Difpute is for Damages only ; or in cafe of fuch Refufal or NegleCt to enter into Treaty with, or make Conveyances to, or receive Compenfation from the faid Company, or their Directors, by any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or by any Perfon or PeToffs whomfoever, who is or are by the Provifions of this ACt or otherwise, legally capacitated to treat, or convey, or receive fuch Compenfations as afordaid, then and in all fuch Cafes the Coffs and Expences of fummoning fuch Jury, and taking fuch Verdict, fhall be borne and paid by the Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Perfon or Perfons with whom the faid Company fhall have fuch Concerns, Controverfies, or Difputcs, which fiid Cofts and Expences having been fo fettled, fhall and may be deducted out of the Money fo affeffed and adjudged, as fo much Money advanced to and lor the Ufe of fuch Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Perfons as & fore laid, and the Payment or lender of the Remainder of fuch Sum or Sums of Money fhall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purpofes to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums fo affelled and adjudged ; and in cafe no Damages fhall be given by fur.h VerdiCt when the Difpute is for Damages only, fuch Colts and Expences after being fo afeertained and fettled as aforefaid, fhall and may be recovered by the faid Company, by fuch Ways and Means as are

herein

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 137.

herein provided, for the Recovery of any Penalty or Forfeiture incurred by this Aft.

XLVI. And be it further enafted, That the faid Juftices and Juries re* fpeftiveiy, in their Awards, Determinations, Judgments, and Verdifts, concerning the Value of Lands and other Hereditaments (hall, feparately and diftinftly proportion off any particular Eftate, Terms, or Interefts; and alfo any Damages fuftained or to be fuftained by any Perfon or Per-fons in confequence of the Execution of any of the Powers of this Aft, and (hall diftinguilh the Value fet upon fuch Eftate, Term, and Inte-reft, and the Money adjudged for luch Damages as aforefaid feparately and apart from each other.

XLVII. And be it further enafted. That upon Payment or legal Tender of fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or giving good and fufficient Security for Payment of any fuch annual Rent as (hall have been contracted or agreed for between the Parties, or adjufted and determined by any Jury or Juries for the Purchafe of any fuch Lands, Tythes, or other Hereditaments, or as a Recompenfe for any yearly Produce or Profits thereof, or as a Compenfation for Damage®, as herein mentioned to the Proprietor or Proprietors of fuch Lands, Tythes, or other Hereditaments, or to fuch other Perfon or Perfons as (hall be interefted therein or entitled to receive fuch Money, Rent, or Compenfation refpeftively, or to his, her, or their Agent or Agents, at any Time after the fame (hall have been aftually fo agreed for, determined, or a defied, or upon Payment of the faid Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank of England (in cafe the fame (hall be requifite) in Manner by this Aft direfted and required for the Ufe of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo interefted or entitled as afore-faid, then, and in every fuch Cafe, it (hall be lawful for the faid Company of Proprietors, and their Agents, Workmen, and Servants, immediately to enter upon the Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments refpeftively (or before fuch Payment or Tender or Security given by Leave of the Owners or Occupiers thereof) and then and there upon fuch Lands, Tenement?, and other Hereditaments, together with the yearly Profits thereol ; and all the Eftate, Ufe, 'J ruft, ana Intereft of any Perfon or Perfons therein friall from thenceforth be veiled in and become the foie Property of the faid Company of Proprietors, to and for the Purpofes of this Aft for ever, and fuch Tender, Payment, Inveftment, or Depofir, or the giving of fuch Security for the fame as aforefaid, (hall not only bar all Right, Title, Claim, Intereft, ana Demand of the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame (hall or ought to have been made, but alfo fliall extend to and be deemed and conftrued to bar the Dower of the Wife of every fuch Perfon, and all Ellates-Tail, and other Eftates in Re-verfion and Remainder of his, her, or their IfiTue, and of every other Perfon whomfoever interefted therein : Provided ncverthelefs, that before fuch Payment, Tender, Inveftment, Depofit, or Security as aforefaid (hall be made, it (hall not be lawful for the laid Company of Proprietors, or any Perfon afting under their Authority, to dig or cut the Lands or Grounds of the Perfon or Perfons entitled to luch Payment or Security for the Purpofe of making the laid Water Works, Refervoirs, Water-courfes and Feeders, Aquedufts or Works, or any of them, without the Confent of fuch Perfcn or Perfons refpeftively.

2663

lion* by the Jiiitices and jury concern, ins the Value of Lmd3, to be diltmct from tliofe relating to Compenfation for Damages.

The Lands are to vett lutely in the Company

either paying or giving Sc-curity tor I'ayuient of the Value of Lanu, or Compenfation fur Damages.

XLViil. And

2664	48°	GEORGII III. Cap-137.

Vei'dictsofthe XLVlIl.jAnd belt further enabled, That eacli and every VerdiS fo given corded*Hy^he ffiall be entered up, recorded, and kept, by the Town Clerk of the Bo* clerk of the rough of Colcbefler, or any Perfon having the Cuftody of the Records ieace. 0f Quarter Seffions for the faid Borough of Colchejler, and fhall be de-pofited with and deemed to be Records of fuch Quarter Seffions to all Intents and Purpofes, and the fame or true Copies thereof ffiall be allowed to be good Evidence in all Courts whatfoever, and all Perfons ffiall have Liberty to infpect the fame, paying for fuch Infpe&ion the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and to have Copies thereof, paying for every Copy the Sum of Sixpence for erery One hundred Words, and fo in Proportion for any lefs Number of Words.

Furcliafe Merits, or Coin-penia i >ns 1’ue

Bodes|*&c. to be laid out :o the fame Lfts, &c.

XL1X. And be it further ena&ed, That all Sums of Money which are to be paid to any Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Feoffees inTruft, Executors, Adminiftrators, Hufbands, Guardians, Committees, or other Truftees, for or on Behalf of any Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Ceftuique Trufts, or to any Perfon or Perfons whofe Lands or Eftates are limited in ftrid or other Settlement, or to any Perfon under any other Difability or Incapacity whatfoever, for the Purchafe or Exchange of or the Damage to be done to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments by virtue of the Powers herein contained, ffiall be paid and applied in Manner following, (that is to fay), in cafe the fame ffiall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, it ffiall with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name of and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Company of Proprietors of the Colchejler Water Works, to the Intent that fuch Money ffiall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the laid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way, by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Redemption or Purchafe of the Land Tax, or towards the Dil-chaige of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Charge or Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the faid Court ffiall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, oraffe&ing other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing fettled therewith, to the fame, or the like Ufes, Intents, or Purpofes, or where fuch Money ffiall not be fo applied, then the fame ffiall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Mef-fuages. Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which fliall be conveyed and fettled, to for or upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trufts, Intents and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which ffiall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid, flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement, fhall be exiiiing undetermined and capable of taking Effect ; and in the mean Time and until fuch Purchafe ffiall be made, the faid Money ffiall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the faid Accountant General in his Name in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities ; and in the mean Time, and until the faid Bank Annuities ffiall be ordered by the faid Court, to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities ffiall from Time to I	Time

2665

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 137.

Time be paid by Order of the faid Court* to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profit* of the faid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, fo hereby directed to be purchafed in cafe fuch Purchafe and Settlement were made.

L. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That in cafe the Money fo payable to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under Difability or Incapacity as aforefaid, fliall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and fhall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in rei'ped whereof the fame fhall be paid, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, Truftee or TruHe.es; or other Perfon or Perfons ading as fuch as aforefaid,to be fignified in Writing under their refpedive Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of tne faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before direded, or otherwife the fame fhall be paid at the like Option to Two Truftees to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Three or more of the faid Diredors (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that fuch Principal Money and the Dividends ariling thereon, may be applied in any Maner hereinbefore direded, fo far as the Cafe may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain, the Diredion or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

LI. And be it further enaded. That in cafe the Money payable to Application fuch Corporation, or to any Perfon under any Difability or Incapacity as aforefaid, fhall be lefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch 1 20 * Cafes the fame fhall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments, in refped whereof the fame fhall be paid, in fuch Manner as the faid Directors, or any Three or more of them, fhall think fit, or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, Truftee or Truftees, or other Perfon or Perfons ading as fuch, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpedively, and the Receipt or Receipts of the Perfon or Perfons to whom the faid Diredors fliall dired the fame to be paid, fliall be fufficient Difcharges for the fame.

LII. And be it further enaded, That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to in cafe of not whom any Sum or Sums of Money fliall be awarded for the Purchafe of m?king eut any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed by virtue of Tltle*»*c# this Ad, fliall refufe to accept the fame, or (hall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes to the Satisfadion of the faid Diredors, or any Three or more of them, or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money, fo awarded as aforefaid, cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons fo entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or difeovered, then and in every fuch Cafe it fliall be lawful for the faid Diredors, or any Three or more of them, to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money, fo awarded as aforefaid, to be paid [£«r. O’ Pfr.J	29	Z	int0

Application where the Compenlation Money does not exeeed *001, and above sol.

2666	4S0	GEORGlI III. Cap. 137-

Money to be into the Bank of England in the Name and with (he Privity of the Ac-

Sank.nt°' C countant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing them], fubjeft to the Order, Controul, and Difpofition of the faid Court of Chancery, which faid Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, fhall be and is hereby empowered, in a fuminary Way of Proceeding or other-wife as to the fame Court fhall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and invefted in the Public Funds, and to order Diftribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpeftive Eflate or Eftates, Title or Intereft, of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court fhall feem juft and reafonable, and the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England, who fhall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt and Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whofe Ufes the fame is or are received to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

Where any Qyeltion (hall arife touching the Title to the Money to be paid, the Pei lon who fit all be in Pof-feflion of the Lands, See. at the ime of fuch Purchafe fli*ll be deemed entitled

LI1I. Provided always, and be it further enabled. That where any Queftion fhall arife touching the Title of any Perfon, to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of this Aft, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Eflate, Right, or Intereft, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be pur-chafed in purfuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who fhall have been in PofTeflion of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in refpeft whereof fuch Money fhall have been fo paid at the Time of pafling this Aft, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the PofTeflion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, fhall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments according to fuch PofTeflion, until the contrary be fhewn to the Satisfaction of the faid Court of Chancery ; and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities ihall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it fhall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch PofTeflion was a wrongful PofTeflion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to fome Eflate or Intereft therein.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further er.afted, That where, by Reafon of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation, entitled to any Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed under the Authority of this Aft, the Purchafe Com^an1?thC Money the fame, fhall be required to be paid into the faid Court, and to °mp	be	applied	in the Purchafe of other Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements,

or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes in purfuance of this Aft, it fhall be lawful for the faid Court to order the Expences of all Pur-chafes from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of this Aft, or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Court fhall deem reTonable, together

2667

4-8“GEORGII III. Cap. 137.

with the neceffary Colls and Charges of obtaining fuch Order, to be paid by the faid Directors, or any Three or more of them,' who fhall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes, as the faid Court fhall diredl.

LV. And be it further enacted, That every Tenant at Will, or Leffee for a Year or Years, or any other Perlon or Perfons in Pofleflion of any fuch Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, which lliall be purchafed, occupied, taken, and ufed by virtue of and for the Purpofes of this Acl, and who fhall have no greater Intereft in the Pre-miles than as Tenants at Will, or Lelfee for a Year, or from Year to Year, or for Years, fhall deliver up the Polfeflion of fuch Premifes to the faid Company ofProprielors, or to fuch Perlon Or Perfons as they fhall appoint to take Polfeflion of the fame, upon receiving Three Calendar Months’ Notice, to quit fuch Polfeflion from the faid Company of Proprietors, ligned by the faid Directors, or any Three or more of them, or by the Clerk to the faid Company of Proprietors for the Time being, or by the Perfon or Perfons fo authorized by them, to take fuch Polfeflion ; and fuch Perfon or Perfons in Polfeflion fhall at the End of the faid Three Calendar Months, whether fuch Notice be given with Reference to the Time or Times of fuch Tenants holding or not, or as foon after as he, the, or they fhall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Polfeflion of the faid Premifes to the faid Company of Proprietors, or the Perfon or Perfons authorized by them to take Pofifeflion thereof; and in cafe any fuch Perfon or Perfons fo in Pofleflion as aforefaid, fhall ref ufe to give fuch Polfeflion as aforefaid, (all reafonable Satisfa&ion being firft made or tendered), it fhall be lawful for the Dire&ors of the faid Company, or any Three or more of them, to ilfue their Precept ot Precepts to the Mayor of the faid Borough, to deliver Polfeflion of the faid Premifes to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall in fuch Precept or Precepts be nominated to receive the fame, and the faid Mayor is hereby required by bis ufual Officers, in the Manner accultomed in the faid Borough in Suits in Eje&ment, and to deliver Polfeflion of the faid Premifes accordingly, and to levy fuch Colls as fhall accrue from thellfuing and Execution of fuch Precept or Precepts, on the Perfon or Perfons fo refufing to give Pofleflion as aforefaid, by Diltrefs and Sale of his, her, or their Goods.

LV1. And be it further enacted. That all and every Perfon and Perfons who lhall have any Mortgage or Mortgages on fuch Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, not being in Polfeflion thereof by virtue of fuch Mortgage or Mortgages, lliall, on the Tender of the principal Money and Intereft due thereon, together with the Amount of Three Calendar Months’ Intereft on the faid principal Money by the faid Company of Proprietors, or by fuch Perfon or Perfons as they lhall appoint, immediately convey, aflign, and transfer fuch Mortgage or Mortgages to the faid Company, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they fhall appoint; or in cafe luch Mortgagee or Mortgagees fhall have Notice in Writing from the faid Company of Proprietors, or from fuch Perfon or Perfons as they lliall appoint, that they w:ll pay off and dtfeharge the principal Money and Intereft, which lhall be due on the faid Mortgage or Mortgages at the End or Expiration of Three Calendar Months, to be computed from the Day of giving fuch Notice, that then at the End of the faid Three Calendar Months, on Payment of the Principal and Intereft fo due, fuch

Mortgagee

Tenants at Will todelives' r-ofle'lion at Notice.

Mortgagees to convey.

3668

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 137.

Mortgagee or Mortgagees (hall convey, aflign, and transfer his, her, or their Intereft in the Premifes to the faid Company of Proprietors, or to luch Perfon or Perfons as lhall be appointed in Trull for them ; and in cafe fuch Mortgagee or Mortgagees (hall refufe to convey and aftign as aforefaid, on fuch Tender or Payment, that then all Intereft on every fuch Mortgage lhall from thenceforth ceafe and determine : Provided always, that in cafe the Sum due upon any fuch Mortgage or Mortgages, with all In* tereft due thereon, lhall amount to more than the real Value of the Premifes, to be afeertained as directed by this Aft, then the faid Company of Proprietors lhall not be liable to pay the Mortgagee or Mortgagees more than the real Value of fuch Premifes fo afeertained as aforefaid : Provided alfo, that in cafe any fuch Mortgagee lhall negleft, or refufe to convey or alBgn as aforefaid, then upon Payment of the principal Money and Intereft due on any Mortgage as aforelaid into the Bank of England, at the End of Three Calendar Months, from the Day of giving fuch Notice as aforefaid, for the Ufe of the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, the Calhier or Calhiers of the Bank lhall give a Receiptor Receipts for the faid Money, in like Manner as is herein-before direfted, in Cafes of other Payments into the Bank, and thereupon all the Eftate, Right, Title, Intereft, Ufe, Trull, Property, Claim, and Demand of the faid Mortgagee or Mortgagees, and of all and every Perfon and Perfons in Trull for him, her, or them, lhall veil in the faid Company, and they lhall be deemed to be in the aftual Poffef-fion of the Premifes comprized in fuch Mortgage or Mortgages to all In-terefts and Purpofes whatl’oever.

Rejecting the LVI1. And be it further enafted. That fuch of the Inhabitants of the Supply of feveral Parilhes, Townlhips, Hamlets, and Places aforefaid, and all fuch Water. other Perfons as lhall be defirous of having Water from the faid Water Works laid into their Houfes, Buildings, or other Premifes may and are Perfonsupau hereby authorized and empowered at their own Expence (having theCon'In** obtained t^e Confent in Writing under the Hand of fuch Perfon as mly open3"7 lhall be authorized by the faid Company of Proprietors or their Dircftors Ground and to give fuch Confent) and with the Confent of the Owners of the Pre-theMainsUid m*^es through which the Pipes lhall be conveyed, to open the Ground by the Com- between the Company’s Aquedufts or Main Pipes, and the refpeftive pany‘	Houfes,	Buildings, or other Premifes of fuch Inhabitants, and to lay any

Leaden Pipe or Pipes (the Bore thereof to be afeertained by the laid Company) from fuch refpeftive Houfes, Buildings, or other Premifes to communicate with the faid Aquedufts or Main Pipes, fuch refpeftive Inhabitants paying to the faid Company of Proprietors yearly, half yearly-or quarterly, fuch Rate or Rates or Sum or Sums of Money for fuch Water as lhall be mutually agreed upon between them; and in cafe of Default in Payment of any fuch Rate or Rates, Sum or Sums of Money o to be paid as aforefaid, it lhall be lawful for the faid Company of Proprietors to caufe the Pipe or Pipes belonging to the Perfon or Perions making fuch Default and communicating with the Aquedufts and Main Pipes belonging to the faid Company of Proprietors to be feparated from the fame Aquedufts or Main Pipes, and to caufe the Water to be flopped from ilfuing or running into the Houfe, Building, or other Pie-miles of every Perfon making fuch Default ; and that the Rate or Rates, Sum or Sums of Money which lhall be due and in arrear from fuch Perfon or Perfons to the faid Company of Proprietors lhall and may be recovered by the faid Company of Proprietors by Dili refs and Sale of the 7*	Goods

2669

48°GEORGII III. Cap.i$j.

'Goods and Chattels of the Perfons liable to pay the fame, in the fame Manner as Rents referved in Common Demifes may by Law be recovered ; and if any Perfon (ball lay, or caufe to be laid, any Leaden or other Pipe to communicate with any fuch Aqueduct or Main Pipe belonging to the faid Company of Proprietors, without fuch Confent being obtained as aforefaid, every fuch Perfon (hall forfeit and pay to the faid Company of Proprietors and their Succeffors, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every Day fuch Pipe (hall fo remain: Provided always, that all and every Perfon and Perfons who (hall have laid any Leaden Pipe or Pipes as aforefaid, (hall be at liberty to remove and take away fuch Pipe and Pipes and the Cock or Cocks to fuch Pipe and Pipes ■belonging.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it enabled, That when and as ofcen as where any Ground or Pavement (hall or may be opened or broken up either by	foc

the faid Company of Proprietors, or by any other Perion or Perfons, for laying Pipes, laying, taking up, or repairing any Aquedud or Main Pipe or Com-munication Pipe by virtue of this Ad, then and in every fuch Cafe, the icnmaspoii.ble. faid Company of Proprietors, or other Perfons refpedively, (hall fill or caufe to be filled in fuch Ground, and alfo with all convenient Speed caufe the faid Pavement to be repaired and amended, and the Rubbiih occafioned by the opening or breaking up the fame, to be carried away as loon as conveniently may be, and in the mean Time to caufe fuch Ground to be fenced or guarded, fo that the fame may not be dangerous to Paffengers or Cattle : Provided always, that if there (hall be any wilful or negligent Delay in the faid Company of Proprietors, or in any of the Agents or Servants of the faid Company of Proprietors, or in any fach other Perfon or Perfons, in laying, taking up, or repairing any of the faid Aqueducts, or Main Pipes, or any of the faid Communication Pipes, or in filling in fuch Ground, or removing the Rubbiih thereby occafioned, or in repairing the faid Pavement as aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe the faid Company of Proprietors, or fuch other Perfons fo offending refpedively, (hall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor lefs than Ten Shillings.

LIX. And, in order to preferve the Water clean and wholefome, be it For preferving further enaded, That if any Perfon (hall bathe in any Refervoir, Aque- 'the Water dud, Water-way, Feeder, or Pond, made, maintained, or fupported by wholefome. virtue of this Ad, or wa(h any Dog or other Animal therein, or throw or caff any Dog or Cat, or any Filch, Dirt, or other noifome or offen-five Thing, or wa(h or cieanfe any Cloth, or any Wool or Leather, or the Skins of Sheep, Lambs, or other Animals, or any noifome or of-fenfive Thing in any fuch Refervoir or Aquedud, Water-way, Feeder, or Pond, or caufe or fuffer the Water of any Sink, Sewer, or Drain, to run or be conveyed into any fuch Refervoir, Aquedud, Water-way,

Feeder, or Pond, or caufe any other Annoyance to be done to the Water, contained in any fuch Refervoir, Aquedud, Water-way, Feeder, or Pond, whereby or by Means whereof the faid Water, or any Part thereof, (hall or may be foiled, fouled, or corrupted, then and in each and every fuch Cafe, every fuch Perfon fo offending (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence, any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor lefs than Five Pounds.

2670	480	GEORGII	III.	Cap.1^.

For hindering LX. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if any Perfon or phed°wSithP* Perfons lhall take or ufe, or caufe, permit, or fuffer to be taken or ufed, Waierfrom any Water from or out of any Refervoir, Aquedud, or Pipe which /hall others*'"and	macle or laid by virtue of this Ad, without the previous Confent of

for prevent- the faid Company of Proprietors, or if any Perfon or Perfons fupplied tmV'Jff ujeCt" Water by virtue of this Ad, fliall fupply any other Perfon with any Wa-er. Part of fuch Water, or if any Perfon or Perfons /hall wilfully let off, or caufe to run to waffe, any Water from any fuch Aqueduct or Pipe, then and in every fuch Cafe, every Perfon fo offending, fhall for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay to the faid Company of Proprietors, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor lei's than Forty Shillings; and it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Company of Proprietors, if they fhall fo think fie, to take or cut off the Water fo fupplied by the faid Company, from the Houfe, Building, or other Premifes, of the Perfon or Perfons fo offending.

u?n Ca/csc*r‘ LX I. Provided neverthelefs, and be it enaded, That nothing herein contained fhall extend or be conflrued to extend, to fubied any Perfon or Perfons whomsoever, fupplied with Water by virtue of this Ad, to any Penalty or Fcrfeituie for fuppiying any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever with any Quantity of Water in cafe of Fire, or during any Time that the Pipe or Pipes, Cock or Cocks, belonging to any Perfon or Perfons fup plied with Water by the faid Company of Proprietors, fliall or may happen to be out of Repair, fuch Pipe or Pipes, Cock or Cocks, neverthelefs being repaired as foon as may be after any Damage fhall happen thereto.

For sr.ahiing LXII. And be it further enaded, That it fhall and may be lawful to and to\nte?PM- f°r any Engineer, or any other Perfon or Perfons ading by or under the milestone	Authority of the faid Company of Proprietors, or of their Diredors, at

nrfof any ^or Times between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon Water. * and Four in the Afternoon, to enter into any Houfe, Building, or other Premifes, fupplied with Water by the faid Company of Proprietors, in order to infped and examine if there be any Wafle, undue Di-verfion, or improper Appropriation cf the Water lb fupplied by the laid Company of Proprietors.; and if fuch Engineer or other Perfon ading by or under the Authority of the laid Company of Proprietors, or their Diredors, fhall at any Time or Times between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and Four in the Afternoon, he refuted Admittance or Entrance into any fuch Dwelling Houfe, Building, or other Premifes, for the Purpofe of making fuch Infpcdion and Examination as aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Company of Proprietors to cut and turn off, or caufe to be cut and turned off, the Water fupplied by the faid Company of Proprietors from fuch Houfe, Building, or other Premifes,

cittern* to be LXIII. And to preventas much as pofTible the wilfuland negligent Wafle provided. Gf Water, be it therefore enaded. That each and every Perfon fupplied with Water by the faid Company ot Proprietors fhall, and he, fhe, and they, is and are hereby required to provide a proper Ciftern or Cifterns of Lead Brick, Wood, or other Materials, to receive and hold fuch Quantity of Water as fliall be by him, her, or them deemed fufficient for his, her, or their Confumption, and he, fhe, and they is and are hereby required to provide a Ball and Stop Cock, and to affix or caufe to be affixed the fame to the Pipe # 9	conducting

2671

48° GEORGII IK. Cap. 137.

conducing the Water from the Main belonging to the faid Company of Proprietors to fuch Ciftern or Cifterns for the Purpofe of preventing the Water running to wafte when the fame fhall be full j and in cafe any Perfon or Perfons fupplied with Water by the faid Company of Proprietors fhall negled to provide fuch Ciftern or Cifterns, and alfo a Ball and Stop Cock, and to affix or caufe to be affixed the fame in Manner aforefaid, for the Purpofe of preventing the Water from running inSwafte when fuch Ciftern or Cifterns fhall be filled as aforefaid, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid	Company of Proprietors or their Directors,	or any

Perfon or Perfons	ading by virtue of or under the Authority of	the faid

Company of Proprietors, to cut and turn off the Water, by fuch Ways and Means as to him or them fhall feem right or proper, from the Houfe, Building, or other Premifes of every fuch Perlon, until fuch Ciftern or Cifterns, and Ball and Stop! Cock fhall be provided, and fuch Ball and Stop Cock added in Manner aforefaid.

LXIV. And be it further enaded, That any Perfon occupying any Houfe, Tenants Meffuage, Tenement-, or Hereditament, at their own Coft and	Charge	Vepai"j**paVt

laying on Pipes to	receive Water from the faid Water Works,	or pur- of their	Ex-

chafing the faid Pipes, on quitting the fame within Three Months after obtaining the faid Supply, in all and every fuch Cafe the enfuing Tenant fame, or Landlord fhall allow or pay to the Tenant quitting the fame Two Thirds in Value of the Cock, Pipe, and other neceffary Apparatus for lupplying the laid Houfe, Meffuage, Tenement, or Hereditament with Water, provided the fame is in good and fubftantial Repair, and fo in like Manner by every fucceeding Tenant and Landlord ; and if the fuc-ceeding Tenant taking the Premiles refufes to pay the aforefaid Sum to the quitting Tenant, in fuch cafe he is hereby authorized to dedud the Sum from his Rent, or recover the fame from his Landlord by Action or Suit in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Law.

LXV. And be it further enaded. That if any Perfon fhall throwanyBal- Penalty on laft, Gravel, Si ones, or Rubbifh into any Part of the faid Water Works, fnei lSc^o"-" Refervoirs, Aqueduds, Watercourfes, or Feeders, to be made by virtue doing other of this Ad, or fhall wantonly or unneccffarily open, or caufe to be opened, anv Lock, Gate, Paddle, Valve or Clough belonging to the faid Water Works, or fhall fnare, angle, or take any Fifh out of the fame, or wafh or bathe therein, or if any Perfon or Perfons fhall wilfully fluff or draw off, or caule to be fluffed or drawn off, the Water from any Part of the faid Water Works, or fhall leave open and running any of the faid Valves or Cloughs belonging to the fame, or fhall draw or caufe to be drawn, any Paddle, Valve, or Clough, in any of the Locks,

Stop or Clew Gates on the faid Watei Works fo as to mifpend or wafte the Water thereof, its Courfes or Feeders, or fhall wilfully obftrud, hinder, or prevent any Perfon in the Execution of this Ad, every Perfon offending in any ot the Cafes aforefaid, fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor lefs than Five Pounds.

LXVI. And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall Puniihm;nt knowingly, wilfully, or malicioufly break, throwdown,or deftroy any Bank ^ ?ksroyul® or Banks or other Works ereded, made, or maintained by virtue of this or s*

Ad, then and in every fuch Cafe every fuch Perfon fhall be judged guilty

of

2672	4-8°	GEORGII SIX.	Cap.*?7.

•oFFelony, and the Court by and before whom fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall be tried and convided, (hall have Power and Authority to caufe fuch Perfon or Perfons to be tranfported for Seven Years, or in Mitigation of fucli Punifhment, fuch Court may award fuch Sentence as the Law directs in Cafes of Petty Larceny.

Finrs and LXVJI. And be it further enaded. That all-Fines, Penalties, and Forfei* howrob-re tures» inflicted bv this Ad, or which/hall be ilnflided by any Rule, Order, cohered and or Bye Law, to be made in purfuance thereof, the Manner of levying applied. and Recovery whereof is not particularly herein direded, (hall, in cafe of Non payment thereof, on Conviction of the Offender or Offenders re-fpedively, be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Juftice of the Peace, for the Borough of.Cckhejiert wherein the Offence fhall be committed, or the Offender (hall be or refide, which Warrant fuch Juftice is hereby empowered and required to iffue, upon the Confeflion of the Party or Parties, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witnefs or Witneffes upon Oath, (which Oath fuch Juftice is hereby empowered to adminifter) and all Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties,, (the Application whereof is not herein particularly dire&ed) (hall be paid into the Hands of theTreafurer of the laid Company of Proprietors, and (hall be applied and dilpofed of for the Ufe of the faid Company, -and the Overplus of the Money railed by fuch Diftrefs and Sale, after deducting the Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, and the Expences of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, (hall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods and Chattels fo diftrained, and for want of diffident Diftrefs, and in cafe the Fine,'Penalty, or Forfeiture, (hall not be forthwith paid, it fhall be lawful for fuch Juftice by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to- commit fuch Offender to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Corredionof the faid Borough, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and all reafonable Charges attending -the Recovery thereof, (ball be fooner paid and fatisfied.

'LX.VIII. And be it further enaded, That in all Cafes where any Conviction (hall be had for any Offence or Offences committed agai :ft this Ad, or againft any Order of Se (lions, or againft any Bye Law, Rule, Order, or Regulation made in purfuance of this Ad, the Form of Conviction fhall be in the Words or to the Effed following.; (that is to fay),

FormcfCon- < T>E it remembered, That on this	Day of

viaion. , Jlj jn t^e	0f the Re|gn 0f

‘ sl.B. is convided before	of	Mis Majefty’i

‘ Juftices of the P ace for the	of having

* [as the Offence Jhall be] and I [or we] the faid 4 do adjudge him [her or them] to forfeit and pay for the fame the Sum ‘ of	Given	under my Hand and Seal [or our Hands

‘ and Seals] the Day and Year aforefaid.*

Appeal. LXIX. And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall think himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved by any Order or Judgment made or given in purfuance of any Rule, B>e Law, or Order of the faid Company of Proprietors or Dircdors, or by any Order, Judgment, or Determination

26 7,

48° GEORGII III. Cap.izj.

termination of any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, relating to any Matter or Thing in this ACt mentioned or contained, then and in every fuch Cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons may within Six Calendar Months next after fuch Order, Judgment, or Determination fhall have been made or given, appeal to the Juflices of the Peace at the General or Quarter Seffion of the Peace, to be holden in and for the Borough of Colchejter (firft giving Fourteen Days’ Notice of fuch Appeal to the Perfon or Perfons appealed againfl, and of the Nature and Matter thereof, and forthwitli after fuch Notice entering into a Recognizance before fome Juftice of the Peace for the faid Borough, with Two fufficient Sureties conditioned to try fuch Appeal, and to abide the Order and Award of the faid Court thereon) ; and the faid Juftices fhall in a luminary Way either hear and determine the faid Appeal at fuch General or Quarter Seffions, or if they think proper, may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General or Quarter Seffion* of the Peace to be holden for the faid Borough, and the faid Juftices may, if they fee Caufe, mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order the Money to be returned which {hall have been levied in purfuance of fuch Rule, Bye Law, Order, Judgment, or Determination, and may alfo order and award fuch further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they fhall judge reafonable.

LXX. And be it further enaCted, That no Order, Verdict, Judgment, Proceeding* Conviction, or other Proceeding, touchng or concerning any of the Juafoedor Matters aforefaid, or touching or concerning any Offence againfl this Aft, removed by {hall be quafhed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed or Cemoran* removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefs whatfoever, into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at IVeJlminfter ; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

LXXI. And be it further enaCled, That where anyDiftrefs fhall be made i^nUwdu*t0 for anv Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this ACt, the Diftrefs for want of itfelf fhall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making Fonn-the fame be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaffers on account of anv DefeCt or want of Form in the Information* Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Diftrefs or other Proceeding relating thereto, nor {hall the Party or Parties diftraining be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaffers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which fhall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties fo diftraining, but the Perfon or Perfons aggrieved by fuch Irregularity fhall and may recover full Satisfaction for the fpecial Damage in an ACtion upon the Cafe.

LXXII. Provided always, and be it enaCled, That no Plaintiff or Plain- piaintiffnot to tiffs fhall recover in any ACtion to be commenced againfl any Perfon or Perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this ACl, unlefs Notice in after renderr Writing fhall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, or left at of Amend*, his, har, or their laft or ufual Place or Places of Abode Twenty-one Days before fuch ACtion fhall be commenced, of fuch intended ACtion, figned by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, fpecifying the Caufe of fuch ACtion, nor lhall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in fuch ACtion if Tender of fufficient Amends fhall have been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before fuch ACtion brought, and in cafe no fuch Tender fhall have been made, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the [_Loc. & Per.~\	3oB	Defendant

2674

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 137.

Defendant or Defendants in any fuch Adion, by Leave of the Court 'where iuch Adion fliall depend at any Time before Iflue joined, to pay into Court fuch Sum of Money as he, (he, or they /hall think lit, whereupon fuch Proceedings, Order, snd Judgment, fliall be had, made, and given in and by fuch Court as in other Adions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

Limitation of LXXIU. And be it further enaded, That if any Ad ion or Suit (hall be

Actions. brought or commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing done in purfuance of this Ad, every fuch Adion or Suit fliall be brought or commenced within Six Calendar Months next alter the Fad committed, or in cafe there (hall be a Continuation of the Damages, then within Six Calendar Months next after the doing or committing fuch Damage (hall have ceafed, and not afterwardsj and (hall be laid or brought in the County or Place where the Matter in Difpute, or Caufe of Adion lhall arife and not elfewhere ; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Adion or Suit lhall and may plead the General Ilfue, and give this Ad and the fpecial Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the Authority of this Ad ; and if it (hall appear to have been fo done, and if any fuch Adion or Suit (hall have been brought before the Expiration of Twenty-one Days next after fuch Notice (hall have been given as aforefaid, or after fufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforelaid, or after the Time fo limited for bringing the fame, or (hall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe the Jury (hall find for the Defendant or Defendants ; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs lhall become Nonfuit, or fuffer a Difcontinuance of his, her, or their Adion or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants fliall have appeared, or if a Verdid (hall pafs againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer or otherwife Judgment fliall be given againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants (hall have Double Cells, and fliall have fuch Remedy for the fame as any Defendant hath for Colls of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

Tah ic Aft LXXIV. And be it further enaded. That this Ad fliall be deemed and taken to be a Public Ad, and fliall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being ipecially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan? Printers to the King’s mod Excellent Majefty. 1808.

ly

k*

d.

)t

k

nil

the

tall

oa

the

hat

Dll

er

fo

*y

ad nil :ioa if a rer ft, ch er

nd

ich



ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*****************************************************

Cap. 138.

An A6t to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Afts, of His prefent Majefty, for amending the Road from near Milford, through Hajlemere, to the Portfmouth Road between Lip-pock and Rah, in the Counties of Surrey, Sujjex, and Southampton.	[23d	June	1808.J

WHEREAS an Act was patted in the Fourth Year of the Reign 4 g 3. c. 63. of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Aft for amending and widening the Road from a Place near the Village of Milford, through Haflemere, to the Portfmouth Road between Lippock and Rake, in thefeveral Counties of Surrey, Suffex, and Southampton : And whereas an 27 G. 3. c. jj* A£t was patted in the Twenty-feventh Year of His faid Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An Aft for reviving, continuing, andenlarging theTerm and Powers of an Aft, paJJ'ea in the Fourth Tear of the Reign of His prefent Majejly, for amending and widening the Road from a Place near the Village of Milford, through Haflemere, to the Portfmouth Road, between Lippock and Rake, in the feveral Counties of Surrey, JSuffex, and Southampton: And whereas the Truftces appointed in or by virtue of the faid Acts have proceeded to put the fame in Execution, for which Purpofe they have borrowed conliderable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted and continued by the faid Acts; which Money frill remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the faid Roads be properly amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, unlefs the Term granted and [Loc. & Per.]	30	C	continued

2678

The laid A£ls further continued.

Sa much of laft Act as relates to the jRaad from Milford to Fasnhurft

For repealing former Toils and granting iiew ones-

New Tolls.

48" GEORGII III. Cap. 138.

continued by the faid Ads is further continued, and fome of the Powers and Provifions thereof altered, amended, find enlarged, and it is neceffary that the Tolls granted and continued by the faid Ads mould be encreafed; May it therefore pieafe Your Majefty that it may be enaded, and be it enaded by the King’s moil Excellent Majefty, by arid with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid Ads paffed in the Fourth and Twenty-feventh Years of the Reign of His faid prefent Majefly, and all and every the Claufes, Powers, Authorities, Provifions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things therein refpedively contained (except fuch as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and alfo except fo much and fuch Part or Parts thereof as are by this Ad varied, altered, or repealed) fhall be and the fame are hereby declared to be in full Force and Effed, and fhall be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effedually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame were repeated and re-enaded in the Body of this Ad, but fubjed neverthelefs to the Amendments, Variations, Alterations, and Additions herein contained, and which (except the Tolls herein-after mentioned) fhall commence and take Effed from the paffing of this Ad; and this Ad, and the additional Term and Toils hereby granted, fhall be fubjed and liable as well to the Payment of all Money now due and owing on the Credit of the faid Ads, or on the Credit of the Toils thereby granted and continued, and now payable at the feveral Gates ©r Turnpikes now ereded or hereafter to be ereded on the faid Roads, as alfo to the Payment of all Money which fhall hereafter be borrowed for the Purpofes of this Ad, and of the Interefl due and to grow due for the fame refpedively.

II.	And be it further enaded. That fo much of the laft recited Ad as enads. That the faid Truftees fhall and they are thereby required to caufe the faid Road leading from the Village of Milford aforefaid, through Haflemere, to the Forty-third Mile Stone near Farnhurjl Lane in the faid County of Surrey, to be repaired and amended before the other Roads comprized in the faid Ad fhall be repaired and amended, fhall be and the fame is hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purpofes.

III.	And whereas the Tolls granted and continued by the faid Ads have been found inefficient, be it therefore enaded. That, from and after the Third Monday next after 'the paffing of this Ad, the faid 'lolls fhall be and the fame are hereby repealed ; and that inftead thereof there fhall be demanded and taken before any Horfe, Cattle, or Carriage, or other Animal or Thing liable to pay the Tolls herein-after mentioned fhall be permitted to pafs through any Gate or Turnpike now ereded or hereafter to be ereded on the faid Roads or any Part thereof, fuch 'lolls as the faid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, fhall from Time to Time appoint, not exceeding the feveral and refpedive Sums herein-after mentioned ; (that is to fay)

For each and every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other Beaft of Draught, drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Chaife, Calaffi, Chair, Caravan, Chaife Marine, Car, Hearfe, Waggon, Wain, Cart, Frame, Dray, or other Carriage with Wheels of any and every Breadth, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny :

For

f8- GEORGII III. Cup. 138.	*679

For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Aft, or other Beaft of Burthen, laden or unladen and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence :

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling per Score ; and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Number:

And

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Sixpence per Score; and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Number.

Which faid feveral and refpedtive Tolls fhall be and the fame are hereby Toils veiled made payable, and fliall and may be demanded, taken, and received at 1,1 Tlll> 5Ca* each and every Gate now eredted or hereafter to be eredted on the faid Roads ; and the fame fhall be and are hereby verted in the Truftees for executing the faid Adts and this Act; and the fame and every Part thereof fhall be collected, recovered, levied, paid and applied, artigned, lefTened, varied, and difpofed of, in fuch and the fame Manner, and by fuch and the fame Ways and Means, and with fuch Powers, Provifions, Kerne* dies, and Reftridtions, as are contained in the faid Adts refpedting the Tolls thereby or by either of them authorized to be taken,

IV.	Provided nevenhelefs, and be it further enabled, That it fhall and Toils to be may be lawful for any Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other Ani- For^paffing"0* mal liable to Toll, and whether drawing or laden or not drawing or not through laden, having parted through any one Gate now erected or hereafter to Gates*

be erected on the faid Road by virtue of the faid Acts or this Adt, and having paid Toll thereat on the fame Day, to pafs through any other Gate or Gates now eredted or hereafter to be eredted on the faid Road by virtue of the faid Adts or this Adt, without paying any further Toll, in fuch Cafes and under fuch Regulations as the laid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, by Writing under their Hands fliall order or diredt.

V.	And be it further enacted, That it fhall be lawful for the faid Powtr to r*-Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby em-powered, from Time to Time, when and as often as they fhall think Toil Gate*, proper (with the Confent and Approbation of fuch Perfon or Perfons as ^J‘1tth0fha c°"* fhall be entitled to Two-third Parts at the ieaft of the Money which fhall tain Proper-* be then due and owing upon the Credit of the faid Tolls, but not other- '*°n V* the wife) to caufe any of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates eredted or to be eredted ^ ll°r#* by virtue of the laid Adts or of this Adt, in, upon, or acrofs the faid Roads,

to be removed to and eredted in, upon, or acrofs fuch other Part or Parts of the faid Roads, as to the faid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, fhall feem expedient; and again from Time to Time as often as they fhall think fit, to remove the fame Turnpikes or Toll Gates, and to caufe the fame to be eredted in, upon, or acrofs the Part or Parts of die faid Roads whereon they formerly flood, or in, upon, or acrofs any other Part or Parts thereof: Provided neverthclefs, that no fuch Removal fliall be made without Ten Days previous Notice of the Intention to remove the fame being given upon all the Turnpikes then erected on the faid Road, and inferted in fome Newfpaper or Newfpapers circulated in the fai4 feveral Counties.

VI.	And be it further enadted, That in all Cafes in which Oxen or Two Oxen Neat Cattle drawing or laden fhall be ufed, Two Oxen or Neat Cattle

fhall be confidered as One Horfe, for all the Purpofos of the faid Acts and $ this Adt with refpedt to the faid Tolls.

2680

TralleM to vary Tulls.

Fixing the Number of Truftees to be at Meetings,

Exemptions.

48° GEORGH III. Cutp.i38.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed, That it fhall be lawful for the laid Truf-tees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, to reduce, vary, or alter all or any or either of the feveral Toils alorefaid as they jfha.ll think proper and fee Occafion, and to raife the fame again, provided they do not at any Time exceed the Tolls granted by this A£t ; and provided fuch Redu&ion be with the Confent of Two-third Parts in. Value of the Jeveral Perfons who fhall have advanced any Money on the, Credit of the Tolls.

VIII.	And be it further enabled, That in all Cafes where by the faid recited A&s or either of them, Nine Truftees are required to be prefeat at any Meeting for putting the faid A&s or either of them in Execution, fo far as relates to the faid' Road, it (hall be lawful for any Seven or more of the faid Truftees to a& at fuch Meeting ; and in all Cafes where by the faid A£ts, or either of them. Seven Truftees are required- to be prefent at any fuch Meeting for the Purpofes aforefaid, it fhall be lawful for any Five or more of the faid Truftees to a£t at fuch Meeting ; in which re-fpe&ive Cafes all A£ts, Orders, and Proceedings of fuch Truftees, at fuch refpe&ive Meetings, fhall be as valid and effectual as if the Number of Truftees required by the faid recited Acts, or either of them, to be pre-fent at fuch Meetings refpe&ively had been then prefent and concerned therein; any Thing in the faid recited A£ts or either of them to the contrary notwithftanding.

IX.	And be it further enadted. That no Toll fliall be demanded or received for any Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Cattle, drawing any Carriage going for, or returning laden with or unladen having been laden only with Stones, Gravel, or other Materials for the repairing any Road or Highway, or any Dung, Mould, Soil, Salt, Sand, or Compofl of any Kind (Chalk and Lime excepted) for the manuring of any Garden or other Land or Ground ; nor fhall any Toll be taken, demanded, or received for any Carriage or Cattle that fhall be a&ually going to or returning from being ufed or employed in the plowing, fowing, tilling, or cultivating of any Land or Ground, or going for or returning laden with or unladen, having been laden only with Hay, Straw, Corn in the Straw, or Wood, not carried for Hire, nor fold or difpofed of, but to be laid up in the Houfes, Outhoufes, Yards, or on the Premifes of the Owner or Owners thereof, or with any Plough, Harrow, Dray, or other Implement of Hufbandry ; nor for any Horfe or other Beaft or Cattle drawing or carrying the fame in order for the repairing thereof, or ufing the fame in Hufbandry ; nor for any Horfe or other Beaft or Cattle, going to or returning from Water or Pafture, or going to be or returning from being fhoed or farried, and which fhall not in fo going or returning pafs upon any of the laid Roads for more than the Space of Two Miles ; nor for any Horfes, Cattle, or Carriages of whatfoever Defcription, employed or to be .employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expreftes under the A aho-rity of His Majefty’s Poftmafter General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding the feme, or in returning. back fro 1 conveying the fame ; or for the Horfes of Soldiers on their March or on Duty, or Carriages or Horfes or other Bcafts employed in carrying the Arms or Baggage of fuch Soldiers; nor for any-Horfe, Mere, or Gelding hirnifhed by or for any Perfon belonging fo any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exerciie, provided fuch Perlbns

9	..are

2681

4.8® GEORGII III. Cap. 118.

are in the Uniform of their refpedive Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps refpedively at the Time of claiming fuch Exemption ; nor for any Carriage, Horfe, or other Bead; employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants travelling with legal Paffes ; nor lhall any of the Tolls hereby granted be demanded or taken from any Inhabitants of any Parilh through which any Part of the faid Roads doth lie, who lhall pafs through any cf the faid Turnpikes to or from his, her, or their refpedive Parilh Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worlhip tolerated by Law, on Sundays, or on Chrijlmas Day, Good Friday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or who lhall attend the Funeral of any Perfon dying and to be buried in any of the faid Parilhes; nor from any Clergyman going to or returning from vifiting any fick Perfon, or upon other his parochial or miniderial Duty on a Sunday or on Cbrijimas Day, Good Friday, on on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered „by Authority to be celebrated; nor fliall any Toll be demanded or taken for or in refped of any Horfe, Cattle, or Bead carrying any Paffenger, or drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calafli, or Chair, going to or returning from any Eledion of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to ferve in Parliament for either of the faid feveral Counties of Surrey, Suffex, or Southampton, on the Day or Days cf fuch Eledion, or on the Day before or Day after fuch Election lhall begin or be concluded ; and if any Perfon (hall claim and take the : Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforefaid, not being entitled to the fame, ' or fliall make ufe of any Fraud whatfoever whereby the Payment of the . faid Tolls, or any Part thereof, lhall be evadeJ, every fuch Perfon fliall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, whereof One Moiety lhall be applied to the Purpofes of the laid Ads and of this Ad, and the other Moiety fliall be paid to the Informer or Informers.

X.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe any Difpute, Suit, or Liti- Collector* of gation lhall arife touching or in any wife relating to the Tolls by the faid to^be’com recited Ads or this Ad authorized to be colleded, or any of them, the tent wit-' ’ Perfon or Perfons appointed to colled the fame, or any other Per ion or neffc“* Perfons ading by or under the Authority of the faid Truflees, lhall not

be incompetent to give Evidence in any fuch Difpute, Suit, or Litigation, by reafon of his, her, or their being fo appointed to colled the faid Tolls, or ading under the Authority of the faid Truflees.

XI.	And be it further enaded. That the faid Truflees may fue and be Tru*e«maj fued in the Name of their Clerk or Treafurer ; and that no Adion to be tbe brought or commenced by or againft' the faid Truflees, or any of them, Nime ;f their by virtue or on account of the faid Ad, or of this Ad, in the Name of xresiurer their Clerk or Treafurer, lhall abate or be difeontinued by the Death or Removal of fuch Clerk or Treafurer, or by the Ad of fuch Clerk or Treafurer, without the Confent of the faid Truflees, or any Five or more

of them ; but the Clerk or Treafurer for the Time being to the faid Truf-tees lhall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in fuch Adion (as the Cafe lhall be): Provided always, that every fuch Clerk or Treafurer, in whofe Name any Adion or Suit lhall be commenced, profecuted, or defended, in purfuance of the faid Ads or this Ad, lhall always be reim-bui fed and paid out of the Monies to arife by virtue of the faid Ads and \<Lqc. Cs? Per.']	30	D	this

2682

Direc'ing the

A plication of the Money ]mid 1 or CW■ pen fation ior Lands,

&c. when amounting to or exceeding cool.

When te's

than acol. and CACeedlng jo 1.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 138.

this Ad, all fuch Cofts, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event of anv fuch Proceedings he (hall be put unto or become chargeable with, by reafon of his being lo made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforefaid.

XII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Money fhall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Te> ements, or Hereditaments pur-chafed taken, or ufed by virtue of the Poweis of the faid Ads or eirher of them, and this Ad, for the Purpofes thereof, which fhall belong to any Corporation, Feme Cov rt, Infant, Lunatick, or Perfon or Pei-fons under any Dilabiiity or Incapacity, as in the laid firit-recited Act particularly mentioned, fuch Money (hail, in cafe the fame lhal} amount to or exceed the Sum of i v/o hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name an with the Privity of the Accountant General cf the High Court of Chancery, to be placet! to his Account ex parte the Trullees for executing the laid Ads and this Ad, to the Intent that fuch Money fhall be applied, under he Direfbqn and with the Approbation of rhe faid Coun, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way, by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Piofits of the faid Lancs, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe of the Land Tax, or towards the Difcharge cf any Debt or Debts, or fuel) other Incumbrances, or Parts thereof, as the faid Court fha!l«authorize to be paid, affeding the fame L ands, Tenemen s, or Heredi'aments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing fettled iherew ih to the fame or the like Uies, Intents, or Purpofes ; or where luch Money fhall not be fo applied, the fame fhail be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the Laid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which fhall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trufts, Interns, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner, as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which fhall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforelaid, flood fettled or limited* or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement fhall be exirting undetermined and capable of taking Efleer; and in the meantime and until fuch Purchafe fhali be made, the faid Money fhall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the faid Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchafe of three Pounds per Centum Confolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime and until the faid Bank Annuities fhall be ordered by the laid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends or Annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities fhali from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the faid Court, to the Perfon or Perfons, who would (for the Time being) have been entitled to the Rents an 1 Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments fo hereby directed to be purchafed, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if any Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforei.id, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under any DifaHiity or Incapacity as aforelaid, fhall be lels than the Sum of Two hundred IVunds, and fhall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being

entitled

2683

48° GEORGII III. Cap. r.;v8.

entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or H-redita-ments fo purchased, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, C ommittee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy, Lunacy, or other Dilability or Incapacity, to be fignified in Writing under th ir re-fpective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as afcrefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-befoTe directed; or othcrwife the fame (halt be paid at the like Option, to Two 1 rupees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Op ion^ and approved of by F ve or more of the faid Truftees (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that fuch Piincipal Money, and the Dividends arifing thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, fo far as the Ca'e be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Order, Direction, or Approbation of the faid Court of Chancery.

XIV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That where fuch Mo- when ’eft ney fo agreed or awarded to he paid as next before mentioned, (hall not thamol. exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all loch Cafes the fame

(hall be paid to or applied to the Ufe of the Perlon or Perfon' who would for ti e lime being have been entitled to the Rents ai d Profits of the Lands, 1 enem-nts, or Hereditaments l'opurch a fed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes of the faid Acts or this Act, in fuch Manner as the faid 1 nifiei-s or any Five or more Of them (hall think fit; or in cafe of Infancy,

Lunacy, or other Di ability or Incapacity, then to his, her, orthc.r Guardian or Gua dians, C ommittee or Committees, Truftee or Lrufiees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit or fuch Perfon or Perfons lo entitled reipec-tively.

XV.	And be it further enafted. That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to j, cnfe 0fno* whom any Sum or Sums of Monev (hall be awarded for the Purchafe of m;k n?out

• any L ands. Tenements, or He editaments lo be purcha ed by virtue of 1:aes» the laid A£h and this AcL (hall refule to accept the fame, or ihall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes, to the Satisfaction of the faid Trustees, or any Five or more of them ; or in ca e fuch Perfon or or if Perfon* Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money (hall be fo awarded as aforefaid, cannot be found; or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch °u ’ Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or dii'covered, then p.irchafi and in every fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Money Trufiees, or any five or more of rhem, to order the faid Sum or Sums of Jhe^Bank*' Money fo awarded as r.forefaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Frivirv of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties intereftrd in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [de-feribing them] ; fubjeCl to the Order, Controul, and Difpofition of the laid fiibieft to the Court of Chancery ; which faid Court, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to any fuch Sum or Sums of Money or any Part 1 har.ceryon thereof, by Motion or Petition, (hall be and is hereby empowered, in a p^t\°nn01’ fummary Way of Proceeding, or otberwife as to the fame Court (hall * v feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inveded in the Publ ck Funds, and to order Diftribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends

thereof.

2684.

Upon any Queftion of Title to the Money fo to be paid, Perfons then in Pofleffion. to be deemed entitled to the Money.

The Court may order reasonable F.xpanres of Purchafe* to be paid by

the Truftee*.

Perfons chargeable 10 Statute Work, to continue fo.

48° GEORGII HI. Cap. 138,

thereof, according to the refpedive Eftate or Eftates, Title or Intereft, of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court (hall feem juft and rea-fonable ; and the Caffiier or Caffiiers of the Bank of Englandwho /hall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

XVI.	And be it further enaded, That where any Queftion fhall arife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance' of the faid Ads, or either of them, or this Ad, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed in purfuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, or to the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who fhall have been in PofTeffion of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the PofTeffion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, fhall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch PofTeffion, until the contrary ffiall be ffiewn to the Satisfadion of the faid Court of Chancery; and the Dividends and Intereft of fuch Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, fhall be paid, applied, anddifpofed of accordingly, unlefs it fhall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch PofTeffion was a wrongful PofTeffion, and that Tome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That where by reafon of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed by the faid Truftees under the Authority of the faid Ads or this Ad, the Purchafe Money for the fame fhall be required to be paid as herein-before direded, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be fettled to the like Ufes, in purfuance of this Ad, it fhall be lawful /or the faid Court to order theExpences of all Purchafes from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of this or the faid Ads, or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Court fhall deem reafonabie, together with the neceffary Cofts and Charges of obtaining fuch Order, to be paid by the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, who ffiall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money for the laft mentioned Purpofes as the faid Court ffiall dired.

XVIII.	And be it enaded. That all Perfons who by Law are or fhall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or ffiall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the Roads by the laid Ads or either of them, or by this Ad, direded to be made, widened, and repaired, or any Part thereof, ffiall ftill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it ffiall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Juflices of the

2	Peace

2685

to gi„ tiotillj

Cciied,

Money

ill*

*Btik t Gene-< tidia an, or J Sack :aii ot ill kilt at the foil 0! Itemed Hi, or ail be * Dm. ill fnch id, ip. nolle (fome Lands,

re bv iCor-epur-

it this

laid as I. and), purfe. lences bis or deem ining item, men-

• 0 hie-1.* Pan

y

file

leu*

48“ GEORG11 III. Cap. 138.

Peace for any or either of the faid feveral Counties of Surrey, Sujfex, and Southampton, and they ire hereby required and empowered within their refpeftive Jurifdiftions,'upon Application made to them by the faid Truftees, or any Two or more of them, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, or by their Order, yearly, to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work fhall every Year be done upon the faid Roads, by the Inhabitants of the refpeftive Parilhes or Places in which the faid Roads do lie, and alfo what Proportion of the Monies received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch Parifh or Place, in lieu of Or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, fhall be by him, her, or them paid to the faid Truftees, or any Two or more of them, or to their Treafurer ; and in order thereunto it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juftices from Time to Time to fummon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every fuch Parifh or Place, to bring in Lifts before fuch Juftices, at fome Place to be exprefled in fuch Summons (within Ten Days after the ferving of fuch Summons) of the Names of the feveral Perfons who within fuch Parifh or Place are by Law fubjeft and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work, diftinguifh-ing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwife, and alfo the Amount of the refpeftive Sums to be paid ; which Lifts of Names fhall be made in fuch Manner and under fuch Regulations and Reftriftions as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute now in Force and Effeft for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of fuch Lifts the faid Juftices fhall and may allot, appoint, and order fuch and fo many of the Perfons who fhall appear to be fiibjeft and liable to Statute Work as aforefaid, to do fuch Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the faid Roads as the faid Juftices fhall think reafonable* and the fame fhall be done on fuch Days and at fuch Times (not being Iiaytime or Harveft) and in fuch Parts of the faid Roads as the laid Truftees, or any Two or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors fhall, from Time to Time, order, direct, and appoint j and the faid Juftices fhall and may alfo order and direft the Perfons who by fuch Lifts fhall appear to be fubjeft and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for Statute Work as aforefaid, to pay fuch Proportion thereof as the faid Juftices fhall think proper to the faid Truftees, or any Two or more of them, or their Treafurer, at fuch Time or Times as they the faid Juftices fhall direct; and in default of Payment thereof the fame fhall and may be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the refpedive Perfon or Perfons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty or Forfeiture is by the faid firft-recited Aft authorized or direfted to be recovered; and each and every Perfon who fhall negleft or refufe to do fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their laft or ufual Place or Places of Abode, for that Purpofe, by any Surveyor of the faid Truftees, fhall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or of the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horfe or Horfes, Beaft or Beafts, fo direfted to be provided by him, her, or them, be fubjeft and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as fuch Perfon or Perfons may be fubjeft and liable to in the like Cales, by any Law or Statute in Force and Effeft for the Repair of the publick Highways ; and if any Perfon who {hall come to work as a Labourer, or fhall be fent with any Team or Draught to work on the faid * 1st Per.]	30	£	Roads,

Juflicei to

determine

Differences

touching

Statute

Work.

2686

4$# GEORGII III. Cap. 138.

Roads, Ihall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, fuch Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Perfon who lhali be found idle or negligent as aforefaid ; and in that Cafe every fuch Perfon fending any fuch Perfon fo found idle or negligent as aforefaid, Ihall be fubjeft and liable to the relpeftive Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures laft aforefaid, as if he the Perfon fo found idle or negligent had not come, or fuch Team or Draught had not been fent to work on any Part of the faid Roads ; all which Forfeitures {hall be paid to the faid Truftees, or any Two or more of them, or their Treafurer, and applied towards the amending the faid Roads ; and in cafe the faid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the faid Parilhes or Places {hall refufe or negleft to give in any fuch Lift as aforefaid, or {hall knowingly or wilfully give in any falfe or imperfeft Lift, every fuch Surveyor fo offending {hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings: Provided that nothing in this Aft contained {hall be conftrued to prohibit or prevent any Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of any Parilh, Town {hip, or Place from compounding or agreeing for or in lieu of Statute Work, in fuch Manner as by the faid firft-recited Aft is enafted, nor to prohibit or prevent the recovering of the Compofition Monies in Manner by the fame Aft direfted.

For paying XIX. And be it further enafted. That all the Cofts, Charges, and

t^in* Act** Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and palling of this Aft, and all and every fuch Sum and Sums of Money as {hall be advanced, borrowed, or lent for Payment of the fame, and all Intereft to grow due thereon, Ihall be paid out of the firft Money which {hall arife or be received by virtue of the faid Afts or of this A6f, in preference to all other Payments whatfoever.

Publick A«ft. XX. And be it further enafted. That this Aft {hall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Aft, and Ihall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

Tern-"- XXI. And be it further enafted. That this Aft {hall commence upon ;nUc * the palling thereof, and Ihall conrinue and be in Force and be executed for and during the Refidue now to come and unexpired of the Term granted and continued by the faid recited Afts, and from the Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament,

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty. i8c8.

k'itj

cfjj

?®!|J

DJt ca •sfaid 9p5ed

Wt ot 'ftfafs

fending 6F°ny wirued fays of loria Aa is wiioofl

s and $ Ad, d,boiv iw due ecdved erPay-

taken

brail

upon

edfor

ranted

icreof,

hence



ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

****m******#***************************%***** #** #**#

Cap. 139.

An Aft for repairing the Roads from Tavernfpite to the Towns of Pembroke and Tenby, and to Hubber-J fton Haking, and from Lovefton Mountain to Cana-Jion Bridge, in the County of Pembroke,

[_23d June 1808.]

WHEREAS an Ad was palled in the Eleventh Year of His prefent , r <*.

Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An Ad for repairing, widening, mid c. 116. keeping in Repair federal Roads leading from Tavernfpite to the Towns of Pembroke and Tenby, and to Hubberffon Haking in the County of Pembroke : And whereas another Act was palled in the 30 G. 3. Thirtieth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An Ad for en- c* 91* larging the Term of an Ad of the Eleventh Tear of His prefent Ala-jcjly, for repairing« widening, and keeping in Repair fever al Roads leading from Tavernfpite to the Towns ^Pembroke and Tenby, and to Hub-bet Hon Haking, in the County of Pembroke : And whereas a conlider-able Sum of Money hath been borrowed, and is now due and owing, upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the faid Acts, which Money cannot be repaid, and the faid Roads kept in good Repair, unlefs the faid Ads are further continued, and it would tend to the more eafy and effectual Reparation of the faid Roads if the faid Ads were repealed, and further and other Powers granted inffead thereof: And whereas it would be of great Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and of great public Utility, if the Road leading from the Pembroke Turnpike Road on Lovcjlon Mountain through Cana (ton Wood to Canajion Bridge, in the faid County of Pembroke, was effedually amended and repaired, and put under the Care of the Trultees [£» « Ar.]	30	F	for

2690	4-S°GE0RGII	III. Cap. 139.

for repairing the faid Roads ; May it therefore pleafe your Majefty, That it may be enafttd ; and be it enabled by the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, hy and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and I empo-ral, and Commons, in this prcfent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the laid recited Afts of the Eleventh and Thirtieth Years of the Reign ol His prefent Majefty (hall, on the Eighteenth Day of June One thou land eight hundred and eight, be, and the fame are hereby declared to be repealed, and thatinftead thereof this Aft fhall commence and take effeft, and be put in Execution for and during the Term . herein-after mentioned, for repairing, widening and improving the Road leading from Tavernfpite, in the Parifh of Kiffig, on the Borders of the County of Carmarthen, to a certain Place called Narhcrth Mountain, and to and through the Town of Narberth to Canajlon B> idge, and from thence to Cartlade Bridge, near the Town and County of Haverfordweft ; and alfo the high Road leading from Marlin's otherwife Maudlin's Bridge, in the Parilh of Saint Iffels Haroldftone, to and through Fowler s Lane, in the Hamlets of the Parilh of St. Thomas, and by Teer's Crofs, in the Parilh of S taint on, and through the Parilh of Robefton Weft, to Hubberfton Iiak/?igf in the Parilh of Hubberfton, near the Harbour of Milford; and alfo the high Roads from Narberth Mountain alorefaid to and through the Village of Templeton, and over Templeton Mountain and Bijhop s Bridge, to and through the Village of Creffelly, to Carew Bridge, and from thence to the Town of Pembroke ; and alfo the high Road from the Village of Templeton aforefaid to Bigelly, over King's Moor Common, to a Place called Hill, in the faid Parilh of Saint Iffels, over 'a Place called Stoney Bridge, an.; to and through the Out Liberties of Tenby to the Town of Tenby, in the faid County ; and alfo the Road leading from the Pembroke Turnpike Road on Lovefton Mountain through Canajlon Wood to Canajlon Bridge, in the faid County of Pembroke ; and that this Aft, and all the Tolls which fhall be collefted upon the faid Roads, fhall be and are^ hereby made fubjeft and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing upon the Credit or on the Accoum of the faid recited Afts, and to the Payment of all Money w-hich fhall or may hereafter be borrowed and become due on the Credit of this Aft, and of all Intereft due and to grow due for the fame re-fpeftively.

Furdifcharg-	II. And whereas it might be advantageous to the Public that fo much

tee/oTth ruf	l*le	^oac* as exten^s from the Merlins Bridge to the Junftion of

Care of Part Hubberfton Road with the Milford Road, being a Diftance of One hun-of the Road, dred and fifty Yards, or thereabouts, Ihould no longer be repaired by the Truftees for putting into Execution the faid recited Afts and this Aft, in cafe a new Branch of Road from near Merlins Bridge to Cartlet Bridge in the County of Pembroke, Ihould be made j be it therefore enafted That when and fo foon as the faid new Branch of Road (hall be made, the Truftees for executing the faid firft recited Aft, and this Aft, (hall be and they are hereby difcharged from the Care and Management of the faid Piece of Road herein-before mentioned and deferibed.

Truftees.	III. And be it further enafted, That the Right Honourable Richard

Lord Milford, the Right Honourable William Lord Kenftngton, the Right Honourable Charles Francis Greville, Sir Hugh Owen Baronet, John Hen-fleigh Men, Lancelot Baugh Allen, John Philipps Adams, Jofcph Adams, Alexander Adams, Dudley Ackland Senior, Dudley Ackland Junior, James

Ackland,

2691

Ml,

klttull ufie ars

1 co®. Term : Road 5 d the and whence andalfo

!> in the in the

huihof

Blktr.fr ilb the

7%

a aid

to tlis nipkim ',ia the .10 ltd lit H itadoi tie aid toil be Ami outlie isot of on tie

mere-

i much ion of ie tatty the i, in

(But : Tinl-d ibet' ieccoi

■tW

Right >fiif l&®<

y#'

4S» GEORGII III. Cap. 130.

Ackland, David Bird Alien Clerk, Thomas /Hen, "John Allen, William Ayleway, Hugh Barlow, Jofeph Fojler Barham, Hugh Webb Bowen, William Brigjlock, Senior, William Brig flock Junior, John Bateman, Thomas Bate-.man Clerk, “John Beynon of Trewern, the Honourable John Cam 'bell, the Honourable George Pryfe Campbell John Powell Cvny Clerk, James Child,

John Colby, Lewis Child, Henry Davis, WiUam Davies, th* Honourable Edward Henry Edwardes, Francis Edwardes, William Edw.mdes Cierk,

William Evans Clerk, William Evans of Haverfordwejl, John Evans,

Roger Eaton, Thomas Eaton, John Herbert Foley, Richard Fenton, William Fortune, the Honourable Robert Fulke Greville, John Higgon, jame< Hig-gon, Samel Harris, John Hardinge Harris, George Harris Dodor of Phyfic,

Will;am Harris, 'sohn Hill Harries. George Harries George Harries of Tregwint, John Holcombe Clerk, John Harding John Humphreys CL rk,

Edward Warren Jones, John Jones Clerk, John James, Thomas Lloyd of Bnnwydd, John Lloyd of Dale Cajlle, John Philipps Laugh me, John Laugha aie, Abraham Leach, lohn Leach, David Lewis, William Lloyd,

Henry Leach, v homas Lewis, Henry Mathias, John Mathias of Llangwar-ren, John Mathias of Haverfordwe \ John Francis Meyrick, Thomas Mey-rick, John Cozens, John Tajher Najh Clerk, Dodor in Divinity, John Philipps Clerk, Dodor in Divinity, George Parry, John Phelps of Withy-bitjh, Thomas Phelps Clerk, Thomas Pifton, Nathaniel Phillips, Owen Philipps, John Lort Phillips, Robert Bateman Prujl, David Runwa Payn-ter, Charles Pigot Pritchett Clerk, George Phillips Clerk, George Roch of Clareiion, Benjamin Rotcb, George Roch of Butterhill, James Rees Clerk,

Henry Rees, Nicholas Roch, Nicholas Roch Clerk, William Henry Scourfield,

Francis Skyrme, John Rees Stokes, James Summers Clerk, Anthony Inflis Stokes, Thomas Tucker of Haverfordwejl, William Edwardes Tucker,

Thomas Edward-.s Tucker James Thomas Clerk, William Thomas Dodor of Phyfic, Gwynn Gill Vaughan, Thomas Williams, Thomas Wright, John Willy, and George IVyke, and their Succeflbrs, to be eleded in Manner here-in-after mentioned, (hall be and they are hereby appointed Truftees for making, maintaining, ahering, repairing, and improving the faid Roads, and that they or any Five or more of them, at fuch Meeting or Meetings as hererein-alter directed, unlefs ,where otherwife herein-afeer fpecified, fliall and may and are hereby authorized'and empowered, to carry this Ad, and all the Matters and Things herein contained or direded to be done by the laid Truliees, into Execution and Effed.

IV. And be it further enaded, That upon the Death, Refufal, or Dif- Election rf ability of any of the faid Truftees hereby appointed, or their Succeflbrs (to new Truiteea. be eleded in Manner herein mentioned) to ad in the Execution of this Ad, then and in every fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and tor the furviving or remaining Truflees from Time to Time to elect and appoint one other Perfon to be a Truftee in the Room of each Truifee fo dying or refufing or being incapable of acting, and Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting for every fuch Election fliall, by the Clerk to the faid Truftees for ihe Time being, be inlerted in fotne Nevvfpaper or Newfpapers publifhed or circulated in the laid County of Pembroke, and (hall be aflixed on a 1 and every the Turnpike Gates that fliall be (landing on the laid Roads, at lealt Ten Days before fuch Meeting; and every Perfon fo eleded a new Truftee as aforefaid, being qualified as herein-after mentioned, (hall be and he is hereby empowered to ad in the Execution of this Ad to all Intents and

Purpofes

2692	4-8°	GEORGII	III.	Cap.	139.

Purpofes in as full and ample Manner as the Truftee in whole Room or Stead he fhall have been fo elected.

Qualification V. Provided always, and be it enafted, That no Perfon fhall be ot Truftee.. capable of acting as a Truftee in the Execution of this Act, unlefs he fhall be in his own Right or the Right of his Wife in the actual PofTeflion or R eceipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, or be pofleffed of or entitled to a Perfonal Eftate alone, or Real and Perfonal together, of the Value of Two thoufand Pounds, or fhall be Heir Apparent of fome Perfon pofTeffed of an Eftate in Land of the clear yearly Value of Two hundred Pounds; nor fhall any fuch Perfon be capable of acting in the Execution of this Aft, fave and exept in adminiftering the Oath following to the other Truftees, until he (not being fuch Heir Apparent as aforefaid) fhall have taken and fubfcribed the Oath following before any Two or more of the faid Truftees, who are hereby authorized and required to adminifter the fame ; (that is to fay)

c T	do	fwear.	That I truly and bond fide am in my own Right

‘ [or, in Right of my Wife, as the Cafe may be] in the aftual PofTeflion ‘ or Enjoyment of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly

*	Value of One hundred Pounds, or pofleffed of or entitled to a Perfonal 6 Eftate alone, or Real and Perfonal together, of the Amount or Value

*	of Two thoufand Pounds.

‘ So help me GOD.*

All Afts of Truftees noc qualified, if

Con viftion valid.

And if any Perfon not being fo qualified fhall aft as a Truftee in the Execution of this Aft, every fuch Perfon fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Perfon or Perfons who fhall Cue for the fame, to be recovered in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record by Aftion of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Effoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance fhall be allowed ; and every fuch Perfon fo fued or profecuted fhall prove that he is qualified as aforefaid, or otherwife fhall pay the faid Penalty, without any other Proof on the Part of the Plaintiff or Profecutor than that fuch Perfon hath afted as a Truftee in the Execution of this Aft : Provided neverthelefs, that all Acts and Proceedings of any Perfon or Perfons afting as a Truftee or Truftees in the Execution of this Aft, though not duly qualified as aforefaid, previous to his or their being convicted of the faid Offence, fhall, notwithstanding fuch Conviftion, be as good, valid and effectual as if fuch Perfon or Perlons had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

ViainH-rs VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Perfon or Perfons & •. incapable who fhall keep any Victualling Houfe, or other Houle of public Entertain-or afting. meat, or who fhall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer, Ale, Spirituous or other Strong Liquors by Retail, fhall be capable of acting as a Truftee, or of taking, holding, or enjoying any Place or Places of Trull or Profit’under the laid Truftees, or ot collecting the Tolls hereby granted and made payable and to be collected on the faid Roads during luch Time as he, (he or they lhall keep fuch Victualling Houfe, Alehoufe, or other Houfe of public Lmatainment, or lhall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer, Ale, Spirituous or other

Strong

48c'GEORGII III. Cap. 139.	2693

•Strong Liquors by Retail; but no fuch Perfon fhall be precluded from farming fuch Tolls, provided he, (he, or they employ a Perfon or Perfons to colled fuch Tolls who (hall not be under any fuch Incapacity.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That fuch of the faid Truflees as are or Truftees may

lhall be Juftices of the Peace, (hall and may in their relpedive Jurifdidions, a&asjuftxes, and they are hereby empowered to act as Juftices of the Peace in the Execu-	ere

tion of this Act, notwithflanding their being Truflees, except only in fuch

Cafes where they (hall be perfonally interefted.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That the faidTruflees orany Five or more Time of x>f them (hall, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to meet to- Meeting, gether at the Cajlle Inn in HatverfordweJlt the Eighteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, at Twelve of the Clock in the Forenoon, and proceed to the Execution of this Ad, and (hall then adjourn themfelves, and from Time to Time afterwards meet at and again adjourn to

fuch Place near to the faid Roads, as they the faid Truflees, or any Two or Trufteeg to more of them, (hall think proper ; and the faid Truftees at all their Meet- defray their ings (hall defray their own Expences.	pTces*"

IX.	And it is hereby enaded and declared, That all Orders and Deter- Orders of one

minations made at any Meeting of the faid Truflees (hall be made by a Meeting not Majority of the Truflees then prefent; and no Order or Determination	Another^

fhall be revoked or altered at any fubfequent Meeting unlefs Nine Truflees except in fnall be prefent, and Seven of them (hall decide in Favour of fuch Revo- certain Carc*. cation or Alteration, and unlefs the Perfon or Perfons applying to revoke

or alter any fuch Order, (hall give Notice thereof in Writing to the Clerk or Clerks or to the Perfon or Perfons ading as Treafurer or Treafurers to the faid Truflees, to be by him or them affixed and inferted in Manner hereinbefore direded with refped to Notices for the Eledion of New Truflees, at leafl Ten Days previous to any Meeting.

X.	And be it further enaded. That if after Adjournment of any Meet- Meetings on ing of the faid Truflees, it (hall be thought neceffary that an earlier Day of £raergencie«. Meeting ffiould be appointed than the Day appointed by any Adjournment,

or if for want of a proper Adjournment or otherwife it (hall be neceffary to call a Meeting of the faid Truflees, the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Truftees, upon an Order in Writing, figned by Two or more of them mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpofe of fuch Meeting, fhall forthwith give Notice thereof in the Manner before direded, and of the Time and Place which (h2ll be mentioned in the Order of the faid Truflees (fuch Time not being lefs than Seven Days after fuch Notice) and fuch Meeting (hall and may be held accordingly, and all the Proceedings of the Truflees at all fuch Meetings (hail be as valid and effedual as they would have been in cafe fuch Meetings had been held in purfuance of Adjournment.

XI.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Truflees fhall and may at Truftees to their firft or any fubfequent Meeting, by Writing under their Hands, con- appoint tinue or eled.and appoint a Clerk*or Clerks, Treafurer or Treafurers, Re- 0fiicer*-ceiver or Receivers, Colledor or Colledors of the Tolls by this Ad granted, and fhall take fuch Security from fuch Treafurer or Treafurers, Receiver or Receivers, Colledor or Colledors, for the due and faithful Execution of his or their Office or Offices, as the laid Truflees (hall think (it,

tLoc. & Per.]	*30	G	and

2694	4S°	GEORGII	III.	Cap.	139.

and fhall alfo eleft and appoint a Surveyor or Surveyors, and fuch other Officers as the faid Truftees fhall think proper, and alfo may from Time to Time remove fuch Clerks, Treafurers, Colleftors, Receivers, Surveyors» and other Officers, or any of them, as the faid Truftees fhall fee Occafion, and appoint others in the Room of fuch of them as fhall be fo removed, or fhall die, refign, or refufe or negleft to perform, or become incapable of performing their Duty; and the faid Truftees fhall and may, out of the Money to be raifed and received by virtue of this Aft, give fuch Salaries or make fuch Allowance to-the Clerks, Treafurers, Receivers, Golleftors; Surveyors, or other Officers fo appointed, for and in Confideration of the Care and Pains refpeftively taken in the Execution of their refpeftive Offices, and to fuch other Perfons who fhall be aftifting in and about the Exe* Officers to	cution of this Aft, as to them the faid Truftees fhall feem proper; and

account.	all fuch Officers and other Perfons fhall upon their refpeftive Oaths if there-

unto required by the faid Truftees (which Oaths the faid Truftees or any one or more of them is and are hereby empowered to adminifter) from Time to Time and as often as they fhall be called upon for that Purpofe; produce and give up to fuch Truftees, full, true, and perfeft Accounts in Writing under their refpeftive Hands, of all Monies which fhall have been, by them refpeftively had, received or collefted, and how, to whom, and for what Purpofes fuch Monies and every Part thereof fhall have been paid, difpofed of, or applied, together with proper Receipts and Vouchers for fuch Payments, and fhall and are hereby refpeftively required to pay all fuch Monies as fhall appear to be in their refpeftive Hands, to the faid Truftees, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons, or for fuch Ufes and Purpofes as Proceedings they fhall direft and appoint; and if fuch Officer or Perfon (being required agamft Offi- rQ	refufe 0r negleft to render and give up or verify upon

to^ccouni fr Oath fuch Account or Accounts as aforefaid, or to produce and deliver up deliverBooks, to the faid Truftees the Receipts and Vouchers relating to the fame, or to &c.	pay as aforefaid any Sum or Sums of Money which fhall appear to remain

in his or their Hands, or fhall not deliver to the faid Truftees, within Seven Days after being thereunto required by them, all the Books, Papers, and Writings in his or their Cuftody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Aft, then and in any of the faid Cafes, any One or more of the Juf-tices of the Peace for the Riding, Town or Place wherein fuch Officer or Perfon fhall be and refide, fhall, upon Complaint of the faid Truftees or of any One or more of them, or by fuch Perfon or Perfons as they or any One or more of them fhall appoint for that Purpofe, iftue a Summons under his or their Hand or Hands for fuch Officer or Perfon to appear before him or them, and upon his appearing, or having been fummoned and not appearing, or not being to be found, fhall make Enquiry concerning fuch Default, and hear and determine the Matter in a fummary Way, and if upon the Confeflion of the Party, or by the Teftimony of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes upon Oath (which Oath fuch Juftice or Juftices, is and are hereby empowered and required to adminifter without Fee or Reward) it fhall appear to fuch Juftice or Juftices that any of the Monies which fhall have been raifed or collefted under this Aft, fhall remain due from fuch Officer or Perfon, fuch Juftice or Jufticesmay and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to caufe fuch Money to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Officer or Perfon; and if no Goods or Chattels of fuch Officer or Perfon can be found fufficient to fatisfy the faid Money and the Charges of diftraining

I'	and

48“ GEORG II III. Gap. 139.	2695

find felling the faid Goods and Chattels, or if any fueh Officer or Perfon (hall be convi&ed of any other of the Offences aforefaid, fuch Juftice or Juftices (ball and may commit fuch Officer or Perfon to the Common Gaol for the faid County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until fuch Officer or Perlbn (hall give and make a true and perfect Account, and verify the fame as aforefaid, and make fuch Payment as aforefaid, or until he (hall have compounded with the faid Truftees for the fame, and (ball have paid fuch Compofition Money to the faid Truflees or their Treafurer or Treafurers (which Compofition the faid Truftees are hereby empowered to make and-accept) or until fuch Officer or Perfon (hall have delivered up fuch Books, Papers and Writings as aforefaid, or given Satisfaction in re-fpeft thereof to the faid Truftees: Provided always, that no fuch Officer cr other Perfon fo committed as aforeiaid (hall be confined or detained in Prifon by virtue of this Ad for any longer Space of Time than Three Calendar Months,

XII.	And be it further ena&ed. That the faid Truftees (hall on the Firft Day of April annually make up an Account of the Receipts and Payments of the preceding Year, and caufe an Abftract of the fame to be primed and delivered to any Truftee or Creditor requiring the fame.

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That when and as often as any Collector or Receiver of the Tolls (hall die, negleCt, or refufe to perform or become incapable of performing his Duty, or (hall abfcond or abfent him-felf, it (hall be lawful for any Two or more of the faid Truftees, although not affembled at a Meeting of the faid Truftees to be appointed by virtue of this Ad, to difcharge fuch Colledor or Receiver fo negleding or re-fufing to perform or incapable of performing his Duty, or abfconding or abfenting himfelf, and nominate and appoint a proper Perfon to be a Colledor or Receiver of the faid Tolls (to continue until the then next Meeting of the faid Truftees) in the Stead of fuch Colledor or Receiver as (hall fo die cr be difcbarged; and fuch Perfon fo nominated and appointed (hall have the like Power and Authority, and be anfwerable and accountable in the fame Manner, in all Refpeds, as the Perfon who (hall fo die or be difcharged would have had or been fubjed to; and that if any Colledor or Receiver of the faid Tolls, who (hall ,be difcharged from his Office by virtue of this Ad, or the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or other Reprefentatives of any Colledor or Receiver who (hall die or be difcharged, or any other Perfon or Perfons, (hall refufe to deliver up the Poffefiion of any Toil Houfe or Building to be ereded or fet up on the faid Roads for the Space of Three Days after Demand thereof made and Notice hfc Writing given for that Purpofe by any Two or more of the faid Truftees ^ although not affembled at a Meeting), or by their Clerk, or Clerks, Treafurer or Treafurers, then and in any of the faid Cafes it (hall be lawful for any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace for the faid County, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to order any Conftable or other Peace Officer for the faid County, with fuch Affiftance as may be neceffary, to enter fuch Houfe or Building in the Day Time, and to remove the Peifon or Perfons who ffiali be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods out of the fame, and to put the faid Truftees, or any Two or more of them, or fuch new-appointed Coledor or Receiver, into the Poffeffion thereof.

Abftrafl ^c-

Truftee cr Creditor. Truftees may remove Collectors and appoint tem-

Co!Ie£lors

refuficg to

Juftices cm. powered to grant War-

XIV. And

2696

trcaToN* Houfes, & 1

Tolls.

Rigfit of ercftins Turnpikes.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 139.

iy	XIV. And be ir further ena&ed, That the faid Truflees fhall and may>

from Time to Time, caufe to be continued or ereCled and fet up fuch and ' fo many Turnpikes or Toll Gates, in, upon, or acrofs, or on the Side or Sides of any Part or Parrs of the faid Roads and acrofs any Lane or Way leading into, from, or out of the fame, and alfo fuch Toll Houfe or Houfes, Weighing Engine or Engines to each Gate or Turnpike, or otherwife, as they fhall think neceflary, with fuitable Out-buildings thereto, and alfo may inclofe from the faid Roads convenient Garden Spots to the faid Toll Houfes, as they may judge proper, and may caufe any fuch Turnpikes, Toll Gates, Toll Houfes, Weighing Engines, or other Buildings from Time to Time to be difcontinued, taken down, removed, or altered, as they fhall judge proper, which faid Turnpikes. Toll Houfes, Weighing Engines, and Buildings and all Materials for making or repairing the fame, are hereby veiled in the faid Truflees; and that the following Sums of Money fhall' and may be demanded and taken as Tolls before any Horfe, Cattle or Carriage fhall be permitted to pafs through any fuch Turnpikes or Toll Gates refpe&ively; (that is to fay)

For every Horfe or other Beafl of Draught drawing any Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Curricle, Chaife, Calafh, or other fuch like Carriage, or Hearfe, the Sum of Sixpence :

For every Horfe or other Beafl drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other fuch like Carriage, the Sum of Three pence; for every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny ; for every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, per Score, (and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Quantity), the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence ; and for every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, per Score), and fo in Proportion for any greater or Ids Quantity), the Sum of Ten-pence.

Which faid refpe&ive Tolls fhall be and are hereby veiled in the faid Truf-tees ; and if any Perfon or Perfons fubjedl to the Payment of any of the faid Tolls, fhall, after Demand thereof made by any Collector or Collectors to be continued or appointed as aforefaid, negleCl or refufe to pay the fame or any Part thereof, it fliall be lawful for the faid refpe&ive Collectors of the Tolls, or other Perfon or Perfons whom they or any them fhall take to their Affiflance therein, to feize and diflrain any Horfe, Beafl, or other Cattle upon which any fuch Tolls are by this ACt impofed, belonging to any Perfon or Perfons fo neglecting or refufing or liable to pay the Tolls as aforefaid (except the Bridle or Reins of any fuch Horfe or other Beafl, feparate from fuch Horfe or other Beafl); and if fuch Tolls, and the rea-< fonable Charges of fuch Seizure and Diflrefs, and of detaining and keeping the fame, fliall not be paid within the Space of Two Days next after fuch Seizure and Diflrefs made, the Perfon or Perfons fo feizing and dif-training fliall and may fell the Horfe or other Bead or Cattle fo feized and dillrained, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand to the Owner thereof, after fuch 'lolls and all reafonable Charges fnall be deducted.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That no Turnpike or Toll Gate fhall be ereCted nearer the Town of Haverfirdweji> on the Road called the Carmarthen Road, than the Eafl End of Cartlet Bridge, nor on the Road called the Hubberjion Road than One hundred Yards of the Junction of the Hubberjion Road with the Milford Road.

XVI. And

2697

48° GEORGII III.	Cap.	139.

XVI.	And it is hereby further enabled and declared, That ho Perfon {hall be liable to pay more than once for palling or repairing at any Time or Times in any One Day (to be computed from 7 welve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the fucceeding Night) with the fame Horfes, Cattle, or Carriages refpectively through any of the 7’urnpikes to be continued or erected by virtue of this Act, but that any Perfon after having paid Toil once, and producing a Note or Ticket denoting fuch Payment lhail afterwards be permitted to pafs with every fuch Horfe, Cattle, or Carriage, Toll free, during fuch Day, through any of the faid Turnpikes for which fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall have lo paid Toll once during luch Day, which Note or Ticket the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to deliver gratis on Receipt of the Toll.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That no Perfon fhall be fubject to the Payment of the Tolls hereby granted for any Horle, Cattle, or Carriage, at more than one Gate or Turnpike on the Road between Hubbcrjlon and the Termination of the Road at or near the South Side of Merlin s, other wife Maudlin's Bridge. or at more than Three Gates or Turnpikes on the Road between the Eaft Side of Cartlet Bridge and Tavernfpite, or at more than Two Gates or Turnpikes between the Town of Pembroke and Tavernfpite, or at more than one Gate or Turnpike between the Village of Templeton and the Town of Tenby, or at more than One Gate or Turnpike between Lovejlon Mountain and Canajlon Bridge.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, 7’hat no Perfon fhall be exempted from the Payment of the Tolls hereby granted for any Horfe, Cattle, or Carriage, at any Gate or Turnpike which fhall be erected between the Village of Templeton and the Town of Tenby, or between Lovejlon Mountain and Canaflon Bridge, through Canajlon Wood, for or by reafon of having paid Toll at any other Gate or Turnpike continued or erected by virtue of this Act.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees, and they are hereby empowered at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpofe, of which Meeting Ten Days Notice fhall be given in fuch Newfpaper or Newf-papers as aforefaid, and fhall be affixed on all and every the Turnpike Gates that fhall be (landing on the faid Roads from Time to Time, to lefl'en or reduce all or any of the faid Tolls, and alfo any additional Tolls, payable by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force for Overweight, in fuch Manner as to them fhall feem fit and convenient, for and during fuch 7'ime as they the laid Truftees fhall think proper; and afterwards at any fleeting to be holden as aforefaid, from Time to Time, if they fhall fee Occafion, to advance all or any of the Tolls fo leffened or reduced^ to any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the feveral Rates granted by this Act, or now made payable by any Acr or Acts of Parliament now in force and effect with refpect to Overweight : Provided neverthelefs, that when the whole Money borrowed on the Credit of the faid 7'olls fhall not .have been paid and difeharged, fuch Tolls fhall not be leffened or reduced without the Confent of the Perfon or Perfons entitled to Five Sixths pf the Money remaining due upon the Credit of the faid Tolls.

No more

than One Toll to be taken in One Day.

Regulating

the Payment of Tolls between certain Places.

Na Perfon

having paid Toll to be exempted from Payment thereof in certain Places.

Truftees may reduce the Tolls,

and afterwards ad-

again to any

ceeding the Rates before granted ; provided no Reduction be made without the Confent ol Creditors,

2698	480	GEORGII III. Cap. 139.

Tolls may be	XX. And be it further enacted, That it (ball and may be lawful to and

let.	for	the faid Truftees, and they are hereby empowered at any Meeting, upon

Twenty Days Notice being given in fuch Newfpaper or New I papers as aforefaid, and affixed on all and every the Turnpike Gates that fhall be (landing on the faid Roads, to let or farm the faid lolls to be collected by virtue of this Act crany Part or Parts thereof, to any Perlon or Perfons at and for the largeft Yearly Sum that can be reasonably got for the fame, provided that the Leafes, Contracts, or Agreements of or for the fame be in Writing, and be duly executed by the Perfon or Perfons taking or farming fuch Tolls, and alfo by the faid Truftees, but the fame (hall not be let for more than Three Years at any One Time; and the Rent which fhall be agreed to be paid for the faid Tolls fhall be made payable and (hall be paid to the Treafurer to the faid Truftees, fo that One Quarterly Payment of fuch Rent fhall always be in advance, or fufficient Security given for the Payment of fuch Rent to the Satisfaction of the faid Truftees, or in Default thereof every fuch Leafe, Contract, or Agreement fhall be null and void to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

Leflees of	XXI. And be	it further enabled, That during fuch Time as the faid

Tolls may ap-	Tolls or any Part	or Parts	thereof fhall be leafed, demifed, or in farm to

pome Perfons any perfon or Perfons whomfoever, it fhall and may be lawful to and for famc^eiVC C	LefTee or Leftees, Farmer or Farmers thereof, or fuch other Perfons

as he or they fhall by Writing or Writings under his or their Hand or Hands authorize or appoint, to demand and take the faid Tolls fo lealed, demifed, or farmed, with the like Powers for the Recovery thereof to all Intents and Purpofes as any Collector of the fa’d Tolls appointed by the laid Truftees, is hereby authorized and empowered to demand, take, and ‘recover the fame ; and fuch LefTee or Leftees, Farmer or Farmers, or other Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid, fo demanding and taking the faid Tolls, (hall be fubjcd to	the like	Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and fhall be

liable to the like	Adions	and Profecutions as any Colledor of the faid

Tolls appointed by the faid Truftees is fubjed or liable to.

For fettT'rng XXIL And be it further enadcd, That if any Difpute {hall happen Difputes cbn- about the Amount of the Tolls, or the Charges of making, keeping, or fell-ToU«1S ’nS Diftrefs, it fhall be lawful for the Collector or Perfons fo diftraining, °	to retain fuch Diflrefs, or the Money arifing from the Sale thereof (as the

Cafe may happen) till the Amount of the Tolls due and the Charges of the Diftrefs and Sale and of keeping the Diftrefs be afcerrained by fome .J.uftice ot the Peace for the faid County, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpofe, fhall examine the Matter on the Oath of the Parties or other Witnefs or Witnefles, and fhall determine the Amount of the Tolls due, and alfo aflefs the Charges of fuch Diftrefs and keeping or Sale of the fame, and of the Colledor’s Attendance for that Purpole upon the faid Juftice; all which Sums fo determined or afleflfed ffiall be paid to the faid Collector before he fhall be obliged to return the faid Diftrefs or the Overplus, after Sale thereof, or any Part thereof.

Keepers	XXIII. And be it further enaded, That in cafe any Difpute, Suit, or

coinpc '-nt	Litigation fhall aril'e touching or in anywife relating to the laid Tolls, the

Witmlijj. Perlon or Perfons appointed to colled the fame, or any other Perfon of Perfons adint: by or under the Authority of the faid Truftees, fhall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any fuch Difpute, Suit, or Litigation, by

reafon

2699

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 139.

reafon of his, her, or their being fo appointed, or being paid to colled the Tolls, ora&ing or being paid to ad under the Authority of the faid Truftees.

XXIV.	And be it further enabled, That if any Perfon or Perfons {hall with any Horfe, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage, pafs through any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, lying near any Turnpike or Toll Gate which {hall be continued or ereded by virtue of this Ad (the fame not being a public Highway); 01 if any Owner or Occupier of fuch Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments {hall knowingly permit or differ any Perfon or Perfons, with any Horfe, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage whatfoever, to pafs through the fame ; or if any Perfon or Perfons {hall give to or receive from any Perfon or Perfons, or forge or counterfeit any Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, by this Ad direded to be given, with Intention to evade, or whereby the Payment of any of the faid Tolls, or any Part thereof, may and {hall be evaded ; or if any Perfon or Perfons {hall fraudulently pals through any fuch Turnpike or Toll Gate with any Horfe, Bead, or other Cattle, without Payment of Toll; or (hall take off or caufe to be taken off any Horfe, Bead, or other Cattle, from any Carriage; or having paffed through any Turnpike or Toll Gate to be continued or ereded by virtue of this Ad, {hall afterwards add or put an additional Horfe or Horfes, Bead or Beads, to fuch Carriage, with Intent to evade the Payment of the faid Tolls ; or {hall leave or caufe to be left upon or near any Part of the faid Roads any Carriage, Horfe, Cattle, or other Beads, with Intent to evade the Payment of any of the faid Tolls, or any Part thereof; or {hall, with fuch Intent, unload any Goods from or out of any Carriage, or in any other Manner whatfoever evade or attempt to evade the Payment of any of the Tolls hereby authorized to be taken ; every Perfon fo offending {hall for every fuch Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXV.	And be it further enaded, That from and after the Eighteenth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and eight, all Demifes, Leafes, and Agreements for Leafes of the Tolls heretofore granted {hall ceafe and be void ; and the faid Trudees or any Five or more of them {hall and may, and they are hereby required to make a fair and jud Compenfation and Satisfaction to the prefent Leffee or Leffees of the faid Tolls for the Lofs or Damage which he, {he, or they {hall fudain thereby ; and fuch Compenfa-fion and Satisfaction fliall and may be recovered by fuch Leffee or Leffees from the faid Trudees* in cafe of Refufal to make the fame on Demand made to their Clerk or Treafurer, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, in any of His Majefiy’s Courts of Record at Wejlminfier.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That no Toll {hall be demanded or taken for any Carriage, Horfe, or other Cattle, going unladen for or being ladeh with or returning after having gone laden only with any Materials fbt repairing the faid Roads, or any other Highway or Road ; or for any Carriage or Cattle carrying any Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw*, not fold or difpofed of, but pading to be laid up in the Houfes, Out-houfes, Barns, Yards, or Clofes of the Owner or Owners thereof, or returning empty therefrom ; or for any Horfes, Cattle, or Carriages going with or for any Ploughs, Harrows, Or other Implements of Hulbandry belonging to any of the Inhabitants of the Pari dies, Hamlets, or Places wherein any Part of the faid Roads Ke: or for any Cattle going to or from Plough or Harrow ; or for any Carriage or Cattle carrying any Marl, Dung, Mould, or Com-

Penalty on permitting

fages, or

Tolls.

Vacating

Leafes.

Exemptions from Toll

2700

No Toll? f crofling the Koad only.

Tower to

borrow

Money.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 139.

pod of any Kind vvhatfoever, except Lime, to be employed in Hufbandry* or for manuring or docking of Land, but for no other Purpofe ; or for any Horfes or other Cattle or Carriages employed in the conveymg of any Per-fon or Perfons going to or returning from an Eledion of a Knight of the Shire or Member to ferve in Parliament for the faid County of Pembroke, or Town of Pembroke, or Town and County of Haverfordweft, on the Day of fuch Election, or on the Day before or Day after fuch Election (hall begin or be concluded ; or going to or returning on Sundays or any other Days on which Pivine Worfhip is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, from any Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Woifnip, which fhall be fituate within the fame Parifh in which any Turnpike or Toll Gate fhall be erected ; or who fhall attend the Funeral of any Perfon or Perfons who fhall die and be buried in any of the Parifhes, Townfliips, Hamlets, or Places in which the faid Roads hereby directed to be made lie; or from any Clergyman going to perform or returning from his Duty at any Church or Chapel, or to or from vifiting his lick Parifhioners ; or for any Carriages or Horfes employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and ExprdTes under the Authority of His Majedy’s Podmader General, either when employed in conveying or guarding fuch Mails or Expreffes, or in returning from conveying or guarding the fame $ or for any Horfe, Ox Cow, Sheep* or other Cattle, going to or returning from any Padureor Watering Place, or from being fliod or farried ; or for any Horfes belonging to officers or Soldiers upon their March or upon Duty, or for any Horfes, Cattle, or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying the Anns or Baggage of any fuch Officers or Soldiers, or any lick, wounded, or difabled Officers or Soldiers ; or for any Horfes, Carts, or Waggons travelling with Vagrants lent by legal Paffes; and that no Toll fhall be demanded or taken for any Plorfe, Mare, or Gelding furnifhed by or for any Perfons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercife, provided that fuch Perfons fhall be drciled in the Uniform of their refpective Corps, and have their Anns, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps refpedively, at the Time of claiming fuch Exemptions as aforefaid; and if any Perfon fhall by any fraudulent or collufive Manner vvhatfoever claim and take the Beuefit of any of the Exemptions aforefaid, not being entitled to the fame, iuch Perfon fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moietv whereof fhall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety fhall be applied to the Purpofes of this Ad.

XXVII.	And be it further enabled, That no Toll fhall be demanded or taken at any Toll Gate or Turnpike to be continued or ereded by virtue of this A£t, on the Side or Sides of any Part of the faid Roads, for any Horfe, Cattle, or Carriage which fhall only crofs the faid Roads, or fhall not pafs above One hundred Yards thereon, unlefs fuch crofling fhall be with Intent to evade the Payment of Toll at any of the faid Turnpikes or Toll Gates, and the Payment of fuch Toll would be thereby evaded.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That it fhall be lawful for the faid Trultees or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time to borrow and take up at Intel eft fuch further Sum or Sums of Money as they fhall think fit, upon the Credit of the Tolls arifing by virtue of this Ad or any Part or Pas ts thereof, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to aflign

13	over

2701

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 139.

over the faid Tolls or any Part or Parts thereof, and the Turnpike Gates and Toll Houfes for coliedling the fame (the Charges offuch Mortgages or Alignments to be paid out of the faid Tolls) to any Perfon or Perfons for any Term during the Continuance of this Att, as a Security or Securities for the Repayment of the feveral Sums which fhall be borrowed, with the Intereft thereof $ which Alignment lhall be in the Words or to the Effect following:

*	T)Y virtue of an Ad of Parliament made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Form of

c Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Ad [here fetforth Affignment, ' the Title of this Aft} We	>	_	of the Tru (tees

*	acting in the Execution of the faid Ad, in Confideration of the Sum

‘ of	to	the	Treafurer of the faid

‘ Roads in Hand paid by

*	do hereby grant, bargain, fell, and demife unto the faid

*	Executors,	Adtniniflrators, and Aligns, fuch

*	Proportion of the Tolls arifing by virtue of the laid Ad, as the faid Sum

‘ of	doth or lhall bear to the whole Sum ad-

‘ vanced or to be advanced on the Credit of the faid Tolls, to be had and

*	holden from the	Day	of	for

‘ and during the Continuance of the laid Ad, unlefs the faid Sum of ‘	with lawful Intereft for the fame, lhall be fooner repaid

1 andfatisfied. Given under our Hands and Seals this

*	Day	of	,	in	the Year of our

‘ Lord	.*

And Copies of all fuch Mortgages and Alignments fhall be entered in a Book to be kept ler that Purpofe by the Clerk to the faid Truftees, but no Money lhall be borrowed unlefs Notice be for that Purpofe given in iome Newfpaper publilhed or circulated within the faid County of Pembroke as a lore laid, and alfo upon the Turnpikes or Toll Gates which lhall be then Handing upon the faid Roads, at lead: Twenty Days before the borrowing thereof; and all Mortgages or Alignments which lhall be made in the Manner and Form aforefaid, lhall be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents ana Purpoles; and all Perfons to whom any fuch Mortgages or Alignments lhall be made as aforefaid, or who fhall be poffeffed of any Mortgage made by virtue of this Act of of the faid former Acts, or who lhall be entitled to the Money thereby fecured, may from Time to Time, by Writing under their respective Hands and Seals, transfer their Right, Title, Intereft, or Benefit in and to the faid Security, and the Principal and Intereft thereby fecured, to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, by Indorfement on the Back of fuch Security in the Prefence of One credible Witnefs; which Transfer fhall be in the Words or to the Effect following:

‘ T	do transfer the within Mortgage and all the Principal and Form of

‘ Intereft now due thereon, unto	Transfer.

4 Executors, Adminiftrators, and AlEgns. Witnefs my Hand and Seal ‘ this	Day	of	*

All which Transfers lhall be produced and notified to the faid Clerk, who lhall caufe an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, containing the Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money, in a Book to be kept for that Purpofe, for which the faid Clerk lhall be paid the Sum of Three [Loc> Ss5 /V.]	30	/	Shillings

2701

Old Mortgages may be cancelled and

granted.

Roads to be divided into Diftrifts.

Proceedings to be entered in Books.

Truflees to make and divert the Roads.

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. itf.

Shillings and no more ; and after fuch Entry made every fuch Trans ef (hall entitle the refpective Aflignees or Perfons to whom the fame (hall be made, their Executors, Adminidrators, and Afligns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon, and every fuch Aflignee (hall and may in like Manner affign and transfer again, and fo toties quoties, and it (hall not be in the Power of any Perfon making fuch Alignment or Transfer afterwards to make void, releafe, or dilcharge the fame Security, or any Monies thereon due, or any Part thereof; and all Perfons to whom fuch. Mortgages, Aflignments, or Transfers (hall be made as aforefaid, (hall be in proportion to the Sums therein refpe&ively mentioned, Creditors on fuch Tolls, Turnpikes, and Toll Houfes, in equal Degree one with another, and (hall have no Preference in refpeCl to the Priority of advancing any fuch Monies, or the Dates of fuch Mortgages or Alignments.

XXIX.	And be it further enacled, That the faid Truflees (hall and may, if thereunto required, receive in and cancel all or any of the Mortgages now (landing out that were made by virtue of the faid former Adis or either of them, and give and execute another Mortgage or other Mortgages in (lead and in lieu thereof refpe&ively, in Manner as herein-before is directed.

XXX.	And be it further enacled, That the faid Roads (hall be divided into Two DidriCts, the Firfl of which Diflridts (hall comprize the Roads mentioned and defcribed in the faid firft recited Adi, and the Second of the faid Diflridts (hall comprize the faid Road leading from the Pembroke Turnpike Road on Lovejion Mountain through Canajlon IVood to Canajion Bridge; and that the Tolls to arife and be colledted within each of the faid Diftridts, and the Money to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, (hall be applied and difpofed of for the Service of and in carrying into Execution this Adi within fuch Diflridl only ; and that all Cofls, Charges, and Ex-pences of obtaining and pafiing this Adi, fhall be paid by the faid Truflees out of the Monies now remaining in the Hands of their Treafurer, or out of the firfl Monies that (hall come to his Hands by virtue of this Adi.

XXXI.	And be it further enadled. That all Orders and Proceedings of the faid Truflees, at their feveral Meetings, (hail be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpofe, and fuch Orders and Proceedings fo entered and figned by a competent Number of the Truflees (as the Cafe fhall require) or by their Clerk by their Order, fhall be deemed to be Originals, and which faid Book or Books, and alfo the Book or Books to be kept for regiflering the aforefaid Mortgages, (hall be admitted as Evidence in all Courts whatfoever.

XXXII.	And be it further enacled. That it (hail be lawful for the faid Truflees, or any Nine or more of them, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered to make and repair, and from Time to Time widen, divert, fhorten, vary, and alter the Gourfe or Path of any Part or Parts of the faid Roads through any Wade Grounds, Commons, or uncultivated Lands, without making Satisfaction for the fame, and alfo through any private Grounds or Hereditaments, fird making Satisfaction to the O.vners thereof and Perfons intereded therein for the Damages they (hall fudain thereby, and for that Purpofe it (hall be lawful for the faid Truftees to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners of and Perfons intereded in any Lands or Hereditaments, which the faid Trudees (hall judge necef-

fary

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 139.	2703

fiary for the Ptirpofes aforefaid, for the Purchafe thereof, or for the Lofs of Damage fuch Owners Or Perfons may fuftain by the making, widening, diverting, turning, or altering the Courfe or Path of any Part or Parts of the faid Roads through fuch Lands or Hereditaments; and it {hall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, Hufbands, Guardians, 1 ruftees, or Feoffees in Truft, Committees, Executors, Adminiftrators, and all other Truftees whatfoever, not only for and on Behalf of themfelves, their Heirs and Succefibfs, but alfo for and on Behalf of their GeftuiqueIrufts, whether Femes Covert, Infants, or Iffiie unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, or other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or fhal'l be feifed of or interefted in their own Right, and to and for all and every Perfon and Perfons whomfoever who are or fhall be feifed, poffeffed of, or interefted in any fuch Lands or Hereditaments, to contract with the faid Truftees for the Satisfaction to be made for fuch Damages as aforefaid, or to fell and convey unto them all or any fuch Lands or Hereditaments* or any Part thereof, for thePurpofes aforefaid ; and ail Contracts, Sales,and Conveyances which fhall be fo made (hall be valid, to all Intents and Pur-pofes, any Law, Statute, Ufage,or other Matter to the contrary notwithftand-ing; and all fuch Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Fee 'fail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, Hufbands, Guardians* Truftees,

Feoffees, Committees, Executors, Adminiftrators, and all other Perfons, fhall be and are hereby indemnified for what they or any of them fhall law. fully do by virtue or in purfuance of this Act;

XXXIII.	And whereas a Map of Plan defcribing the Line of the faid For reftram-

Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Lovejlon Mountain, through CanaJionlVcod to Canajion Bridge, and the Lands through which the fame deviam? be-leads, together with a Book of Reference containing a Lift of the Names Vond certain of the Owners and Occupiers of fuch Lands, have been depofited at the Diftances of Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Pembroke ; be it there-	de."

fore enacted. That the faid Map or Plan and Book of Reference fhall re-	1	e

main in the Cuftody of the Clerk of the Peace for the faid County, to the

end that all Perfons may, at all feafonable Times, have Liberty to infpect and perufe the fame, and to take Copies or Extracts thereof at their Will and Pleafure, paying the Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every fuch Infpection, and at the Rate of Sixpence for every Seventy-two Words of fuch Copies or Extracts of the faid Map or Plan and Book of Reference; and that the faid Truftees in making the faid Road fhall not deviate more than One Hundred Yards, of Three Feet each, from the Line defcribed in the faid Map or Plan, without the Confent and Approbation in Writing of the Perfon or Perfons, Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, through whofe Lands or Grounds fuch Deviation {hall be made.

XXXIV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled. That it fhall and may Truftees may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees to make the faid new Piece of Road make Road into, through, acrofs, or over the feveral Lands or Grounds of any Perfon though

or Perfons who is or are or maybe Owner or Owners of Lands over which

the fame is fet out and defcribed as aforefaid, although the Name or Names Owners1 *

of fuch Perfon or Perfons may happen to be omitted in the faid Book of Names are

Reference, not in the

4-8° GE0RG1I III. Cap. 139.

Reference* in cafe it fhall appear to any Tvito or move Juftices of the Peace for the faid County, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that fuch Error or Omiflion proceeded from Miftake.

Where Per- XXXV. And be it further enabled, That if any Bodies Politic, Cor-fons >nt"reft- pOTate 0r Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or °r in FeeTail Genel‘al or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or t,eat. Lives, Hufbands, Guardians, Truftees, Feoffees, Committees, Executors,.

or any other Perfon or Perfons interefted in any fuch Lands or Hereditaments, upon Notice to him, her, or them given, or left in Writing at the Dvvelling-houfe or Dwelling-houfes, Place or Places of Abode of fuch Perfon or Perfons, or of the principal Officer or Officers of any fuch Bodies Politic, Coiporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or at the lloufe of the Tenant in Polfeffion of Lands or Hereditaments through which any Part of the faid Roads is intended to be made, widened, diverted, turned, or altered, fhall for the Space of Six Days next after fuch Notice given or left as aforefaid, neglect or refufe to treat, or fhall not agree in the Premifes, or by reafcn of Abfence fhall be prevented from treating, then and in every fuch Cafe the faid Truftees fhall caufe fuch Damage, Value, or Recompenfe to be inquired into and afcertained by a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the faid County, from the Neighbourhood of the Place where fuch Lands and Hereditaments do lie, and in order thereto the faid Truftees are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time, as Occaficn fhall require, to lummon and call before fuch Jury and examine upon Oath all and every Perfon and Perlons whomsoever who fhall be thought neceffary and proper to be examined concerning the Premifes (which Oath any One or more of the faid Truftees is and are hereby empowered to adminifter); and fuch Truftees fhall, bv ordering a View or other wife, ufe all lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the faid Jury’s Information in the Premifes; and after the faid Jury fhall have enquired of and aflefled fuch Damage and Recompence, they the faid Truftees fhall thereupon order, adjuge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money fo affeffed by the faid Jury to be paid to the faid Owners or other Perfons interefted in the faid Lands or Hereditaments, according to the Verdidt or lnquifition of fuch Jury ; and fuch Verdidt or Inquifi'ion, Order, and Determination thereon, fhall be final, binding, and cofaclufive, to all Intents and Purpofes, againft all Parties and Perfons whomsoever, claiming or to claim any Eftate in Pclfefiion, Reverfion, or Remainder in Fee, or in Fee 1 ai! General or Special, or for Life or Lives, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or otherwife, their Heirs and -ucceflprs, as well abfent as prefent, Infants Femes Coverts, Lunatics, Idiots, and Penons under any other Diiability whatfoever, Bodies Politic, Coiporate, and Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as Trufifps to well as all and every other Perfon and Perfons whomloever; and for f.'l tT'th'e fummoning and returning fuch Juries, the faid Truftees are hereby env Sheriff to im. powered to iffue their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the County paiifielajury. of Pembroke, requiring him to impannel, fummon, and return an indifter-ent Jury of 'twenty four Perfons from the Neighbourhood of the Place where fuch Lands and Hereditaments lie, qualified to ferve upon Juries to appear before the faid Truftees, or apy Two or more of them, at fuch Tune and Place as in fuch "Warrant or Warrants fhall be appointed $ and fuch Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to impannel, fummon, and return fuch Number of Perfons accordingly, and

out

2?<H

Book of Re-

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 139.

2705

out of the Perfons fo impannelled, fummoned, and returned, or out of fuch of them as {hall appear upon fuch Summons, the faid Truftees fhall and are hereby empowered and required to fwear, or cauft* to be ('worn.

Twelve Men, who {hall be a Jury for the Purposes aforefaid; and in default of a fufficient Number of Jurymen, the faid Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, {hall return other honeft and indifferent Men of the Sian-ders-by, or that can fpeedily be procured to attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve, and all Perfons concerned fhall have their lawful Challenges againft the faid Jurymen when they come to be fworn ; and the faid Truftees adling in the Premifes fhall have Power, from Time to Tnille?s may Time, to impofe any reafonable Fine or Fines upon fuch Sheriff, his De- imp-.ft Fine* puty or Deputies, Bailiff or Bailiffs, Agent or Agents making Defaulr in °n 1 r ,f’ the Premifes, and on any of the Perfons that fhall be fummoned and re- wffj fas °F turned on fuch Jury, and who fhall not appear, or appearing (hall refufe making to be fworn on the faid Jury, or being fworn fhall refufe to give or fhall Default,&c. not give their Verdidt, or in any other Manner wilfully negledt their Duty therein contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Adi, and on any of the Perfons who being required to give Evidence before the faid Jury, '(hall refufe or negledt to appear, or appearing (hall refufe to be iworn and examined, or to give Evidence, or fhall otherwife wilfully mif-condudt themfelves in giving their Evidence, fo that no one Fine be more than Five Pounds on any one Perfon for one Offence.

XXXVI.	And be it further enadted. That in cafe any Jury or Juries Exnences of to be fummoned and fworn purfuant to the Directions or Authority of this	and

Adt, fhall give in and deliver a Verdi.ft or Affeffment for more Money as ho” a Recompenfe or Satisfadlion for the Right, Intereft, or Property of any paid.

Perfon or Perfons in any fuch Lands or Hereditaments, or for any Lofs of Damage to be by him, her, or them fuftained, than what fhall have been agreed to and offered by the faid Truftees before the fummoning and returning of the faid Jury or Juries, as a Recompenfe or Satisfadlion for any fuch Right, Intereft, or Property, or for any Lofs or Damage as aforefaid, then and in fuch Cafe the Cofts and Expences of fummoning and maintaining the faid Jury and Witneffes, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining of fuch Difference, fhall be borne and paid by the Treafurer to the faid Truftees out of any Money which (hall then be in his Hands, or out of any Monies to be received by virtue of this Adi; but if any Jury or Juries fo fummoned and fworn as aforefaid fhall give in and deliver a Verdidl or Affeffment for no more or lefs Money than fhall have been agreed to and offered by the faid Truftees, before the fummoning or returning of the faid Jury or Juries, as a Recompenfe and Satisfadlion for any fuch Right, Intereft, or Property in any fuch Lands or Hereditaments, or Loffes or Damages as aforefaid, then the Cofts and Expences of fummoning and maintaining the faid Jury and Witnefles, and all other Expences as aforefaid, fliall be borne or paid by the Perfon or Perfons with whom the faid Tmftees (hall have fuch Controverfy or Difpute; which faid Cofts and Expences having been afcertained and fettled by fome Juftice of the Peace for the faid County, not interefted in the Matter in queflion (who is hereby required to examine and fettle the fame), fliall and may be dedudled out of the Money fo alfelfed and adjudged, as fo much Money advanced to and for the Ufe of fuch Perlon or Perfons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of fuch Monies

[l oc.	Per.]

3 oK

fhall

;'7o6

Money allow-ed for Lands, how to he charged or tendered.

Trainees not to take down Houfes, Sec.

Truftees era-powered to fell Ground not wanted for the Pur-pofes of thia A£i.

Perfons whofe Lands adjoin to have the Preference.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 139.

&ali be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purpofes to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums fo aflefled and adjudged ; or otherwife fueh Cofts and Expences, in cafe the fame be not paid upon Demand, after being fo afcertained and fettled as aforefaid, may be recovered by tire Clerk or Clerks to the faid Truftees by the Ways and Means herein after mentioned or provided for the Recovery of Penalties or Forfeitures: Provided always, that in all Cafes where any Perfon or Perfons fhall, by reafon of Abfence, have been prevented from treating about fuch Recotnpence or Satisfaction as aforefaid, fuch Cofts and Expences fliall be borne and paid by the faid Truftees in Manner aforefaid.

XXXVII.	.And be it further enacted, Thai every Sum of Money or Re-compence to be agreed for or aflefled as aforefaid, fhall be paid out of the Tolls by this A£t granted, or out of the Monies to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, to the Party or Parties refpe&ively entitled thereto, or to their Agents; and upon Payment thereof, or in any Cafe of Refufal to accept the fame, or the Parties not being to be met with upon leaving the fame in the Hands of the Treafurer or Treafurers to the faid Truftees, for the Ufe of fuch Parties or Perfons refpe&ively, to be thereafter difpofed of as herein-after directed; and after Twenty Days Notice thereof given to fuch Parties or Perlons or to their Agents, or left at their refpettive ufual Places of Abode, or with the Tenant or Tenants in Pofleflion of fuch Lands or Hereditaments, then fuch Lands or Hereditaments fhall be laid into and made Part of the faid Roads, in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees fhall dined,. and fhall be by them or fuch Perfon or Perfons as they fhall appoint, fufEciently drained, ditched, fenced, and fet out for thatPurpole, and fhall to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever become and be deemed and taken to be a Common Highway, and be from thenceforth Parr of the faid Roads for ever thereafter.

XXXVIII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That no Power or Authority by this Act given to the faid Truftees fliall extend to the taking down or injuring any Dwelling-houfes or other Buildings, or to the taking in of any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, planted Walk or Avenue to a Houfe, or Plantation or Nurfery of Trees, or of any Part or Parts thereof, without the Confent in Writing of the Owners or Proprietors thereof fir ft had and obtained.

XXXIX.	And whereas by reafon of the Purchafes which the faid Truftees are empowered and required to make by virtue of this Act, or by reafon of the diverting of fome Part or Parts of the faid Roads they may happen to be feifed of fome Piece or Pieces of Ground over and above what fhall be neceflary for effecting the Purpofes of this Act; be it therefore further enacted, That it fhall be lawful for the faid Truftees to fell and difpofe of fuch Pieces or Parcels of Ground, either together or in Parcels as they fliall find moft conveient and advantageous, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall be willing to contract for and purchafe the fame : Provided always, that the faid Truftees, before they fliall fell and difpofe of any Piece or Pieces of Ground as aforefaid, fliall offer the fame to the Perfon or Perfons from whom they fliall have been purchafed ; or where the fame fhall arife by reafon of diverting any Part or Parts of the faid Roads, then to the Perfon or Perfons vvhofe Lands fhall adjoin thereunto ; and in cafe fuch Perfon or

‘Perfons

2707

48’ GEORGII III. Caf. 139.

Perfons refpectively {hall not then and thereupon agree (except with re-fpect to and on account of the Price thereof as herein-after mentioned) or fhall refofe (except with refpect to and on account of the Price thereof) to purchafe or re-purchafe the fame refpectively, any Affidavit to be made and {worn before a Matter Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majefty’s Juttices of the Peace for the faid County,

(who are hereby refpectively empowered to take the fame) by fonie Perfon or Perfons no Way interefted in the faid Piece or Pieces of Ground, ftat-ing that fuch Offer was made by or on the behalf of the faid Truftees, and that fuch Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refufed by the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame was io offered, (hall in all Courts whatfoever be fufficient Evidence and Proof that fuch Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was refufed by the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Offer was made (as the Cafe may be); and in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall be defirous of purchafmg or re-purchafing the fame, and he, {he, or they, and the faid Truftees {hall differ and not agree with refpecr to the Price thereof, in fuch cafe the Price or Prices thereof {hall be afcertained by a Jury in Manner herein-before directed with refpect to difputed Value of Premifes to be purchafed by the faid Truftees in purfuance of this Act, and the Expence of hearing and determining fuch Difference {hall be borne and paid in like Manner as herein-before directed with refpect to fuch Purchafes made by the faid Truftees mictatis mutandis ; and the Money to arife by the Sale or Sales which may be made by the faid Truftees of fuch Fiece or Parcel of Road or Ground as aforefaid, fhall be applied to the Purpofes of this Aft, but the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof fhall not be anfwerable or accountable for any Mifappiication or Non-application of fuch Money.

XL. And be it further enafted, That if any Money {hall be agreed or Application awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchafed, of Compen-taken, or ufed by virtue of the Powers of this Aft, for the Purpofes thereof, if amounting* which {hall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or to zoo!. Perfon or Perfons under any Difability or Incapacity, as in this Aft particularly mentioned, fuch Money (hall, in cafe the fame {hall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient fpeed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Truftees for executing this Aft, to the Intent that fuch Money {hall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be ftgnified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rems and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Purchafe or Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or other Incumberance or Part thereof as the faid Court (hall authorize to be paid, affefting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing fettled therewith to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents, or Purpofes ; or where fuch Money {hall not be fo applied, then the fame {hall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which ttiall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ules, Trufts, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which ttiall be fo purchafed,

taken.

2708

Under 200I. and above 20I.

Application where lefs than 20I.

In cafe of nOt making out Thief,

48* GEORG 11 III. Cap. 139.

taken, or ufed as aforefaid, flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement fhall be exifting, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean lime and until fuch Purchafes fhall be made, the faid Money fhall by Order of the laid Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the faid Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchafe of Ihree Pounds per Centum Confolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the Mean-time and until the laid Bank Annuities fhall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities fhall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the faid Court to the Perfou or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments fo hereby directed to be purchafed in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enadlcd, That if any Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under Dif-ability or Incapacity as aforefaid, fliall be lefs than the Sutn of Two hundred Pounds, and fhall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall, at the Option of the P_r-fon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunancy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpec-tive Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before di-refted ; or otherwife the fame fliall be paid at the like Option to Two Truf-tees to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Five or more of the faid Tru'tces for executing this Aft (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that fuch principal Money and the Dividends arifing thereon ntay be applied in Manner herein-before direfted, fo far as the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direffion or Approbation of the faid Court of Chancery.

XLII. Provided alfo and be if further enadled. That where fuch Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, (hall be lefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall be applied to the Life of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid, in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees fhall think fit; or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians,Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpedtively.

XLIII. And be it further enafled, That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money fliall be fo ordered to be paid as aforefaid, fhall cot be able to make a good Title to the Premifes to the Satisfaction

4-8“ GEORGII nr. Cap. r3g.

fa&ion of the faid Truftees, or (hall refufe to execute fuch Conveyance or Conveyances, or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money fhall be fo ordered to be paid as aforefaid, cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or difcorered, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Truflees to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the faid Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interefled in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments \defcribing therii^ fubjeft to the Order, Controul, and Difpofition of the faid Court of Chancery; which faid Court, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money or any Part thereof by Motion or Petition, fhall be and is hereby empowered in a fummary Way of Proceeding or other-wife, as to the lame Court fhall feern meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, or to order Diflribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpe£live Eftate or Eftates, Title or Intereft of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premiles as to the faid Court fhall feem juft and reafonable ; and the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England, who fhall receive fuch Sum or^Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enabled. That where any Queflion fhall arife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity, of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in purfuance of this A£t for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Eftate, Right or Intereft in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be pur-chafed in purfuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or to the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who fhall have been in Poffeffion of fuck Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Poffcflion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, fhall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch Poffeffion, until the contrary fhall be fhewn to the Satisfa&ion of the faid Court of Chancery $ and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be pur-chaled with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities fhall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it fhall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Poffeflion was a wrongful Poffeffion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein.

XLV. Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That where by reafon of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed under the Authority of this A£t, the Purchafe Money for the fame fhall be required to be paid into the faid Court and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be letftedlo the like Dies in \_Loc. Per.]	30	L	^	purfuance

27C9

or if Perfons cannot be f und. Purchafe Money to be paid into the k:*nk ; fubjetf to tile Ordi r of the Court of Chancery on Motion or Petition.

Refpe&ing

dilputed

Titles.

The Court of Chancery may direft

the Payment of Expences.

2?IO	+8° GEORG IT 111. Cap. -139.

pursuance of this Aft, and it fliall be lawful for the fait}-Court to-order the Expences of all Purchafes from Time, to Time to he made in purfuance of this Aft, or fo much of fuch Expenc.es as the faid Court (hall.deem reafon-hble, together with theneceffary Colls and Charges of obtaining fuch Order, to be paid by the faid Truflees, who (l)all from 1 .me to 1 iine pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch i’urpofes as the faid Court fliall direct.

Forgetting XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it fliall and may be lawful to Materials to an£j for t|-je Surveyor or Surveyors of the laid Roads, and to and for all luch Roads,1 6 Perfons as he or they refpeftively fliall appoint, to fearch for, cut, dig, get, gather, and take away any Furze, Heath, Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for making and repairing the faid Roads, out of and from any Common or Wade Ground, River, Brook, or Pit in any Parifli, Townftiip, Hamlet, Diviflon,Diftrift, or Place in which any Part of the Roads hereby directed to be made, amended, and repaired fliall lie,,or in any neighbouring Parifli, Townfhip, Hamlet, Divifion, Diflrier, or Place, without paying any Thing for the fame, the faid Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Perfon or Perfons acting by his or their Appointment, filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or Hoping down the Banks where fuch Materials fliall be taken, or railing or fencing off fuch Pits or Quarries, fo that the fame may not be dangerous to'Paffengers or Cattle, and alfo that fuch Surveyor or Surveyors or other Ferfon or Perfons as aforelaid, may (except as herein-after excepted) by Order of the faid Truflees (fuch Order to be made at fome Meeting of the Truflees to be holden in purfuance of this Aft, and a Copy thereof to be given to fuch Surveyor or Surveyors, attefted and figned by the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Truflees) fearch ror, cut, dig, gather, andta ke. away any fuch Materials as aforefaid in, off, from, and out of the private Lands, Fields, or Grounds of any Perlon or Perfons 'where the fame may be had or found (fuch Lands, Fields, or Grounds not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a Houfe, or any Piece of Ground planted and fet apart as a Nur-fery for Trees) making or tendering fuch Satisfaction for the fame and for any Damages done thereby, to the Owners and Occupiers of fuch Grounds where and from whence the fame fliall be cut, dug, gotten, gathered, and carried away, or over with the fame or any other Materials for making and repairing the faid Roads fliall be carried, according to their refpeftive Rights and Interefts in fuch Grounds, as the faid Truflees (hall adjudge rea-fonable; and in cafe of any Difference between the laid Truflees, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Perfons employed as aforefaid, and the laid Owners or Occupiers or any of them, concerning the Value of fuch Materials and Damages, it fliall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Juflices of the Peace of the County, where fuch Materials fliall be fo cut, dug, gotten, gathered, taken, and carried away, on Four Days Notice thereof in Writing being given by either Party to the other, or left at their relpeftive Places of Abode, to hear, fettle, and determine the Matters of luch Payment and Damages, and the Judgment or Order of the faid Juflices fhall be linal and conclulive to all Parties.

“obe XLvn. Provided neverthelefs, and be it enacted. That it fliall not be cupiers of lawful for any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Perfon or Perlons acting Lands before under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, get, take, or carry away takeTfo*316 any Materials for repairing fuch Roads out of or from any incloled Lands repairing or Grounds, until Notice in Writing flgned by the Surveyor or Surveyors

(hall

27*1

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 139.

fhall have been given to the Owner and Occupier of the Premifes from which fuch Materials are intended to be taken, or left for fuch Owner and Occupier at their refpective ufual Places of Refidence, to appear before the faid Truftees or Two or more Juftices of the Peace acting for the County, where fuch Premifes (ball be fituate, to fhew Caufe why fuch Materials fhall not be had from fuch Lands or Grounds; and in cafe fuch O wner or Occupier, or one of them, or their or his Agent, fhall attend purfuant to fuch Notice, but fhall not fhew fufticient Caufe to the contrary, then the faid Truftees, or fuch Juftices fhall or may authorize fuch Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Perfon or Per Tons to dig, get, gather, nnd carry away fuch Materials at fuch Time or Times as to the faid Truftees or fuch Juftices fhall feem proper ; and if fuch Owner or Occupier fhall negled to refufe to appear by himfelf or his Agent, the faid Truftees or fuch Juftices fhall and may make fuch Order therein as they refpettively fhali think hr, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if fuch Owner or Occupier or his Agent had attended.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons whom- ; foever fhall take away any Stone or Materials which fhall have been dug : or gathered by, or by the Order of the faid Surveyor or Surveyors for the 1 Purpofe of making or amending the faid Roads, or any Part or Parts , thereof, or fhall get or take away any Stone, Gravel, or Materials, out of any Pit or Quarry which fhall have been made for the Purpofe of getting fuch Materials for amending the faid Roads or any Part or Parts thereof, before the faid Surveyor or Surveyors, or bis or their Workmen (hall have difeontinued working therein for the Space of Six Weeks (except the Owner or Occupier of any Private Ground wherein fuch i it or Quarry fhall have been fo made, and Perfons authorized by fuch Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein for his own private Ufe only, and not for Sale) every Perfon fo offending fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Surveyor or Surveyors, and to and for any Perfon or Perfons whom he or they fhall appoint by Order of the laid Truftees, to cue and make any Caufeways or Footpaths upon the Sides of the laid Roads, or to cut Drains or Ditches through or into any Lands or Grounds adjoining or lying contiguous to any Part of the faid Roads, or to erect Bridges over any Drains or Water-courfes, in fuch Manner as fuch Surveyor or Surveyors fhall deem and judge neceffary and proper for amending or keeping in Repair any Part of the faid Roads, and alio to make a Way or Ways through the Lands and Grounds adjoining to any narrow or ruinous Part or Parts of the iaid Roads ^not being a Garden, Orchard, Park, Yard, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to any Houfe, or any inclofed Ground planted or fet apart as a Nurfery for Trees) to be made, ufe of as a public Highway whilft the narrow or ruinous Parts of the faid Roads are widening or repairing, and until the fame fhall be convenient and fafe for the Paffage of Travellers and Carriages, making fuch reafonable Sans faction, to the Owners and Occupiers of fuch Lands refpectively through and into which any fuch Drain fhall be cut, or on or over which any fucii temporary Roads fhall be made, for the Damages which fuch Owners or Occupiers refpectively fhall or may thereby fuftain, as fhall be adjudged reafonable by the faid Truftees; and sn cafe any Difference fhall happen between fuch

Owners

Penalty ert taking away

he Surveyor.

Surveyrrs to m ke Drains^

(enable. Sails, fadhon.

In cafe of any Difference,

2712

Julticcs in Seffi-rs to determine the fame.

may remove Annoyances.

Read to be meafured and Mile Stones and Guide-polls eredled.

Penalty on damaging them.

48° GEORGII III.	Gap. 139.

Owners or Occupiers and fuch Truftees touching fuch Damage, then and in fuch Cafe the Juftices of the Peace at the Firft General or Quarter Seffions of the Peace to be bnlden for the faid County of Pembroke, next after the Expiration of Ten Days from the Time of doing fuch Damage, fhall and are hereby authorized and 'equired to hear, fettle, and determine the fame, and their Determination therein fhall be final and concluhve.

L. And be it further enacted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Surveyor or Surveyors, and fuch Perfon or Ferfons as he or they fhall appoint (by Direction and under the Hands of any Two or more of the faid Truftees' from Time to Time to remove and prevent all Annoyances on any Part or Parts of the faid Roads, by Kails, Steps, Sign Polls, or other Nuifances, and to turn or (top any Water-courfes, Sinks, or Drains, running into, along, or out of any Pait of the faid Roads, to the Prejudice thereof, and to make the fame as large and deep as he or they fhall think proper, and to cleanfe any Ditch or Water-courfe next adjoining to any Part of'the faid Roads, and to cut down, lop, or top any Trees or Bufhes growing in any Part of the find Roads, or in the Hedges or Banks adjoining thereto, in cafe the Perfon or Perfons occalioning fuch Annoyance, or who ought to remove the fame,*or tocleanfe fuch Ditch or Water-courfe, or to cut down, lop, or top fuch Trees or Bufhes, fhall refufe or neglect fo to-do for the Space of Ten Days next after Notice in Writing given for thatPur-pofe, figned by Two or more of the faid Truftees, or by their Surveyor or Surveyors, the reafonable Charges whereof fhall be reimburfed to the faid Surveyor or Surveyors by the Perfon or Perfons rfefufing or neglecting as aforefaid ; and in cafe any fuch Perfon fhall not upon Demand pay and reim-burfe to fuch Surveyor or Surveyors fuch Charges as aforefaid, the fame fhall and may be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Perfon, in like Manner as is herein authorized or directed for the Recovery of any other Penalty inflicted by this Act '; and if after the Removal of any of the faid Annoyances any Perlon fhall again offend in the like Manner, every fuch Perfon (ball for every fuch Offence, over and above fuch Charges as aforefaid, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pound*, One Moiety whereof fhall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety fhall be applied to the Purpofes of this Aft*

LI. And be it further enabled. That the faid Truftees fhall and may caufe the faid Roads to be meafured, and Mile Stones to be fet up at or near the Sides thereof, at the Diftance of One Mile from each other, with Infcriptions thereon denoting the Number of Miles and Diflance of Places, as the faid Truftees fhall think fit, and alfo caufe to be ere£fced Guide Polls upon fuch Parts of the faid Roads where the fame are crofted or joined by other Roads, as they fhall judge proper ; and if any Perfon or Perfons fhall wilfully break, throw down, injure, deftroy, obliterate, or deface any Table of Tolls, Mile Stone, or Poft erefled on any Part of the faid Roads, or any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks inferibed thereon, or fhall wilfully break, throw down, or injure any Stone or Stones, or Parapet Wall or Walls on the Side or Sides of any Bridge or Bridges, Arch or Arches on any Part or Pjits of the faid Roads, every fuch Perfon fo offending fhall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shilling for each Table of Tolls, Stone, Poft, Parapet Wall, and Arch, fo broken, thrown down, injured, or deftroyed, or on which any Letters, Figures, or Marks, fhall be fo obliterated or defaced, One Moiety whereof fljall go to the Infer-

4f5°GEORGII III. Cap. 139.

and [he other Moiety fliall be applied for the Purpofes.of this

2713

S;

diiiirt,

to and

^ or they

: mote of

^ iaaoj. %•!*; 1 ~l Dnj;^ tPtejaiitJ flalltitiah »S Wily

or Bufa i adjoinini! *> or who trft, or to lb to do tint Pur-rveyor or :o the (aid 'leenng as andreim-, the lame i Ciuttcls tiiorik ths Reid in the ver and receding ae other

ind may ip ar or % with

teas 5 upon other allwil*

able of ■any of

bri ills on yPart ir and jtone/ &0' 0 Iffaf* 0’

LIT. And be it further enacled, That if any Perfonor Perfons fliall wil- Penalty for fully or negligently injure, deftrov, break down, or otherwife damage, or fhall ride on or drive or lead any Horfe, Bead, Cattle, or Carriage, over or ‘pa s upon any Footpath or Caufeway made or to be made on the Side or Sides of any Part of the faid Roads ; or if any Driver of any Waggon or other Carriage fhall wilfully or carelefsly break or damage any of the Pofts or Stones which may be erected for the Security of the faid Footpaths or Caufeways ; or if any Perfon or Perfons fliall plough over or drag any Plough upon any Part of the faid Roads, or in ploughing fliall turn any Horfe or other Beaft drawing any Plough upon any Part of the faid Roads, to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Perfon or Perfons fliall ferape off any Mud, Soil, or other Matter or Thing which fliall be or lie upon any Part of the fa;d Roads, with any Inftrumenr, fo as to damage the faid Roads, or any Part thereof; or if any Perfon fliall hale or draw, or caufed to be haled or drawn, upon any Parr of the faid Roads any 'Free or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, (otherwife than upon Wheeled Carriages ■, or fliall fuffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber or Stone which fliall be carried upon a Wheeled Carriage, to drag upon any Part of the faid Roads, to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Perfon driving any Pigs or Swine upon the laid.

Roads fliall fuffer the fame to root up or damage the laid Roads, or any Part thereof, or the Fences, Hedge?, Bankings, or Copfe on either Side thereof; or if any Perfon or Perfons fliall leave or fuffer any Cattle, Sheep, or Beaft, to be and remain loole on the faid Roads ; or if any Perfon driving any Coach, Chaife, or Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, upon t;'e faid Roads, and meeting another Coach, Chaife, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, fliall not keep his Carriage on the left or near Side of the faid Roads ; or if any Perfon fliall in any Manner wilfully prevent any other Perfon or Perfons from pafling him, her, Or them upon the faid Roads, or the Coach, Chaife, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage under his; her, or their Care; or if any Perfon fliall make or aflift in making any Fire or Fires whatfoever, or fliall fet fire to, or let off, or throw any Squib, Rocket,

Serpent, or Firework whatfoever, on any Part or Parts of the faid Roads; or if any Perfon or Perfons fhall leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or any Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Iiuf-bandry, (without fome reafonable Caufe to be allowed by the Juflice of the Peace before whom the Per.on fo offending fhall be fummoned or conveyed in order to his or her Convi&ion, and fave and except with regard to fuch Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, during fuch reafonable 'Time as the fame fliall be loading or unloading, and ftanding as near to the Side of the faid Roads as conveniently may be), in, upon, or on the Side of the faid Roads, either with or without any Horfe or Beaft of Draught harnelTed or yoked thereto; or if any Perfon fliall lay any Piece of l imber, or any Stones, Bricks, Hay, Straw, Lime, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbifh, or other Matter or Thing whatfoever, on any Part of the faid Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or of any Perfon or Perfons travelling thereon, every Perlon fo offending fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LIII. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon or Perfons fliall af- Pena!ty on fault, interrupt or hinder, or caufe to be affaulted, interrupted or hindered, lUc.VPt,]	30	M	wy	S&Sfc

2714-

48° GEORGII III. Cap: 139.

any Collector of the Tolls, or anv Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other Per-foa or Perfons, by them or any of them, or by the laid Truftees employed in the Execution of this Aft, every fuch Perfon (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Townftnps to LIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Inhabitants of the feveral Kepai-Iet° Par*{heE, Hamlets, Didrifts, or Places through which the faid intended epai,s' Roads fhall pafs, (hall be liable to the Repair of fuch Parts of the faid intended Roads as are within their refpeftive Parifties, Hamlets, Diftrift.s, of Places, in fuch and the fame Manner as they are liable to the Repair of any other Highway within the fame.

Statute	LV. Provided always and be it enacted. That all Perfons who by Law

Work. are liable to do Statute Work on any Part of the Roads within the Parities or Places through which the faid Roads or any Part thereof paffes, {hall be liable to do the fame on the faid Roads, and it (hall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the faid County c>t Pembroke, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application , made to them by the faid Truftees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work {hall every Year be done upon the faid Roads, by the Inhabitants of the refpeftive Parilhes or Places in which the faid Roads do lie, and alfo what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch Parifh or Place, in lieu of or as a Compofition for luch Statute Work as aforefaid, (hall be by him, her, or them paid to the faid Truftees or their Treafurer or Treafurers; and in order thereunto it ftiall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juftices from Time to Time to fummon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every fuch Parifh or Place to bring in Lifts before fuch Juftices, at fome Place to be expreffed in fuch Summons (within Ten Days after theferving of fuch Summons) of the Names of the feveral Perfons who within fuch Parifh or Place are by Law fubjeft and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, cr to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work diftinguilhing the Na’ure of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwife, and alfo the Amount of the refpeftive Slims to be fo paid, which Lifts of Names {hall be made in Manner and under fuch Regulations and Reftriftions as is or may be direfted by any Law or Statute in force and efteft for the Repairs of the public Highways; and out of fuch Lifts the faid Juftices (hall and may allot, appoint, and order, fuch and fo many of the Perfons who {hall appear to be fubjeft and liable to Statute Work as aforefaid, to do fuch Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the faid Roads as the faid Juftices (hall think ieafonable, and the .fame ftiall be done on fuch Days and at fuch Times (not being Hay Time or HarwellJ and in fuch Parts of the faid Roads as: the faid Truftees or their Surveyor or Surveyors (hall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the faid Juftices (hall and may alfo order and direct the Perfons who by fuch Lifts ftiall appear to be fubjeft and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for Statute Work as aforefaid, to pay fuch Proportion thereof as the faid Juftices ftiall think proper to the faid Truftees or their Treafurer, at fuch Time or Times as they the faid Juftices {hall direft; and in Default of Payment thereof the fame {hall and may be recovered by Diftrel's and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the refpectivc Perfons liable to the Payment

thereof,

27'5

4.80 GEORGII III. Cap. 139.

thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized or directed to be recovered ; and each and every Perfon who (hall neglect or refufe to do fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their laft or ufual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpofe, by any Surveyor of the laid Truilees, /hall for every Day of his, her, or their Default or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horfe or Horfes, Beall or Bealls, to be provided by him, her* or them, be fubject and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as fuch Perfon or Perfons mav be fubject or liable to by any Law or Statute in farce and effect for the Repair of the public Highways ; and if any Perfon who /hall come to work as a Labourer, or fhall be fent with any Team cr Draught to work on the faid Road?, /ball be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor or Surveyors to the fuid Truilees, fuch Surveyor or Surveyors is and are hereby empowered tore-move and turn o/F the Perfon who /hall be found idle or negligent as aforefaid, and in that Cafe every fuch Perfon fending fuch Labourer, Team, or Draught, (ball be fubject and liable to the refpective Forfeitures and Payments aforefaid, as if fuch Team or Draught had not been fent to work on any Part of the faid Roads, all which Forfeitures /hall be paid to the Treafurer to the faid Truilees, and applied towards amending the faid Roads; and in cafe the faid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the faid Parilhes or Places, fhall refufe or wilfully neglect to give in fuch Lifts as aforefaid, or fhall knowingly or wilfully give in falfe or imperfect Lifts, every fuch Surveyor or Surveyors fo offending fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LVI. And be it further enacted. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the laid Truftees to compound and agree with any Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Repairs or Statute W ork to be by them done on the faid Roads, or any Part thereof, and alfo with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Piereditaments oi and in all or any of the Parifhes or Places in which the faid Roads fhall lie and be fituate, or with the Surveyor of the Highways for fuch Parifhesor Places, duly authorized for that Purpofe at a public Veftry, for a certain Sum of Money, by the Year or cthervvife, as the faid Truftees fhall think reafon-able, in lieu of the Whole or any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the faid Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the faid Roads, which Compofition Money fhall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways or other Officer of the Parifn, or by the Perfon or Perfons fo compounding, to the Treafurer or Treafurers of the laid Truilees, in advance, on or before the Fifth Day of Apriixw each and every Year, or othervvife the Inhabitants and Occupiers of fuch Pariffi or Place fhall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

LVII. And whereas Offences may be committed againfl this Aft; by Perfons unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers appointed to put this Aft into Execution ; be it therefore enafted, That ir fhall and may be lawful for any of the faid Truftees, or their Clerk or Clerks-, or the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers refpeftively, and fuch Per ion or Perfons as he or they fhall call to his Or their Alliftance, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Aft, to feize and detain any iuch unknown Perfon or Perfons who fhall commit any fuch Offence or Offences, and take him, her or them before any Juftice of the Peace for the County or

Diitrift

Truftees may compound

lor -Statute Work.

For fecuring Offenders.

2 7 It)

A&lons to be brought in the Name of the Treafurer or Clerk, or of Truftees,

who are not to be liable to the Payment of Cofts.

Recovery and

Application of Penalties.

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. i 39.

Did rid near to the Place where the Offence or Offences fhall be committed, or fuch Offender or Offenders feized and apprehended, and fuch Juftice is hereby empowered and direded to proceed immediately to the hearing and determining of the Complaint, or to oblige iuch Perfon or Perlons fo offending to give Security for his, her, or their Appearance at fome Petty Seffions to be holden within and for the faid County or Diftrid in which fuch Offence or Offences fhall have been committed, to anfwer the faid Complaint; and the Juftices prefent at fuch Petty Seflions, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of the faid Complaint in a fummaty Way, and upon Convidion of the Offender or Offenders, either by the Juftices before whom he, (he, or they (hall be firft taken, or by the Juftices at fuch Petty Seflions as afore-faid, it fhall be lawful for fuch Juftice or Juftices refpedively to commit him, her, or them to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correction of the fame County or Diftrict, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Pen Days, unlefs he, fhe, or they fhall fooner pay the refpective Penalties by him, her, or them incurred for fuch Offence or Offences, together with the Cofts and Charges attending the Conviction and Commitment.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That the faid Truftees may fueand be fued in the Name or Names of their Treafurer or Clerk, or in the Name of any one of the faid Truftees on behalf of the faid Truftees, and no fuch Adion fhall abate or be difeontinued by the Death or Removal of the Perfon in whofe Name or againft whom the fame fhall be brought or commenced, nor by the Ad of fuch Perfon or Perfons, without the Con-fent of the faid Truftees at a Meeting held in purfuance of this Ad ; but no fuch Treafurer, Clerk, or Truftee, or any or either of them, fhall be fubjed to the Payment of any Cofts or Expences on account thereof, but all fuch Cofts and Expences fhall be defrayed out of ihe Money arifing by virtue of this Ad, colleded or received by the faid Truftees.

LIX. And be it further enaded, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by virtue of this Ad impofed (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwife particularly direded) fhall be levied and recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Juftice of the Peace for the County or Place where the Offence fhall be committed (which Warrant fuch Juf-tice is hereby empowered to grant upon the Confeflion of the Parry, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witnefs upon Oath, and which Oath fuch Juftice is hereby empowered to adminifter), and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arifing by fuch Diftrefs and Sale fhall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner of fuch Goods and Chattels, after deduding the Cofts and Charges of making, keeping, and felling the Dutrefs; and fuch Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered (if not herein-before di-reded to be otherwife applied) fhall be paid to the Treafurer to the faid Truftees, to be applied towards the Purpofes of this Act; and in cafe fuf-ficient Diftrefs fhall not be found, or fuch Penalties and Forfeitures fhall nor. be paid forthwith, it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juftice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to caufe the Offender to be committed to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correction of fuch County or Place where the Offence fhall have been committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Six Months nor lefs than Three Months,

unlefs

2717

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 139.

unlefs fuch Penalties and Forfeitures (hall be fooner fully paid and fa-

tisfied.

LX. And be it further enacted, That for the more fpeedy Conviction of Dlretfing the all Offenders againft this Act, all and every the Juftice and Jufticesof the Peace before whom any Perfon or Perfons fhall be convicted of any Offence againft this Act, fhall and may caufe the Conviction to be drawn up in the Form or to the Effect following:

7 * TIE it remembered. That on the	Day	of

To wit. ^ <	jQ the Year of our Lord

6 and in the	Year	of	the	Reign	of	His	Majefty,

*	is	convicted	before	me	for, usj	of

*	His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the	by virtue of

f an Act of Parliament made and paffed in the Forty-eighth Year of the ‘ Reign of His Majefty King George the Third, intituled, [herefet forth

*	the Title of this A£t, andfpecify the Offence, and the Time and Place when ‘ and where the fame was committed.] Given under my [or, our J Hand ‘ and Seal [or Hands and Seals] the Day and Year fit ft above written/

LXI. Provided always, and be it enacted. That if any Perfon or Per- Appeal, fons fhall think himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved by any Thing done in purfuance of this Act, fuch Perfon or Perfons may appeal to the Juf-tices of the Peace at the Firft General or Quarter Seffions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Pembroke, next after the Expiration of Fifteen Days from the Time fuch Matter of Appeal fhall have arifen, the Perfon or Perfons appealing having firft given Ten Days Notice at leaft of his, her, or their Intention to bring fuch Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Treafurer or Treafurers or Clerk to the faid Truftees, and within Four Days after fuch Notice, entering into a Recognizance before fome Juftice of the Peace for fuch County or Place, with Two fufficient Sureties, conditioned to try fuch Appeal, and abide the Order thereof, and to pay luch Cofts as fhall be awarded by the Juftices at fuch Quarter Seffions ; and the faid Juftices in fuch Seffions, upon due Proof of fuch Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of fuch Appeal in a lummary Way, and to make fuch Determination therein and to award fuch Cofts to either of the Parties or otherwife as they fhall judge proper; and the laid Juftices may if they fee Caufe mitigate any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and may alfo order fuch further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they fhall judge reafonable , and all fuch Determinations of the faid Juitices fhall be final, binding, and conclufive upon all Parties, to all Intents and Pur poles whatsoever.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That where any Diftrefs fhall be made Diftrefs not for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Diftrefs itfelf to be unlaw-fhall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Pa ty or Parties making the fjl for want fame be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaffers on account of any Defect or ofFo,m-want of Form in the Notice, Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Diftrefs, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor fhall the Party or Parties diftrained be deemed a Trelpafler or Trefpaffers ab initio on account of any Irregularity which fhall be Afterwards' done by the Party or Parties

[Loc. b5 Per.]	30	N—0	fu

4&°GEQRGII III. Cap. 139.

fo dlftralning, but the Perfon or Perfons fo aggrieved by fuch Irregularity (hall and may recover full Satisfaction for the fpecial Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Affeffmenr, Judgment, or other Proceedings made touching or concerning any of the Matters aforefaid, or touching or concerning the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders againft: this Act, (hall be quafhed or vacated for want of Form, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Procefs whatfoever, into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at W<;Jl~ mitifter, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall recover in any Action to be commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing done in purfuance of this Act, unlels Notice in Writing fhall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Fifteen Days before fuch Action (hall be commenced, of fuch intended Action figned by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, fpecifying the Caufe of fuch Action ; nor (hall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any fuch Action if Tender of fufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before fuch Action brought; and in cafe no luch Tender (hall have been made, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any fuch Action, by Leave of the Court after fuch Action (hall have been brought, at any Time before Iffue joined, to pay into Court fuch Sum of Money as he, (he, or they fhall think fit, whereupon fuch Proceedings, Order, and Judgment (hall be made and given in and by fuch Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

Limitation cf LXV. Provided always, and be it enacted. That no Action or Suit (hall Ad.ons. ke commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing done in purfuance of this Act after Three Calendar Months next after rhe Fact com • mitted; and every fuch Action or Suit (ball be brought and tried in the „	County	of	Pembroke,	and	not	elfewhere ; and the Defendant or Defend -

enera ue. ants jn every fuch Action or Suit (hall and may plead at his or their Election fpecially, or the General llfue, and give this Act and the fpecial Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the* fame was lawfully done in purfance and by the Authority of this Ad ; and if the fame (hall appear to have been fo done, or if any fuch Action or Suit (hall be brought before Fifteen Days Notice (hall have been given, or after a fufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforefaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the fame as aforefaid, or (hall be brought in any other County than as aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe the Jury (hall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants ; and upon fuch Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall be nonfuited, or difcontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants (hall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment lhall be given againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every fuch Cafe the Defendant or Defendants (hall recover Treble Cofts, and have fuch Remedy for recovering the fame as any Defendant hath for Cods of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

271 8

Proceedings rot to he S qu.allied for want of

Notice of A6Uon to te

>3

LXVI. And

4S° GEORGII III. Cap. 139.	2719

LXVI. And be it further enacted. That this Act fhall be deemed Public Aft. and taken to be a Public Act, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

LXV1I. And be it further enacted. That this Act fhall commence and Commence, take place on the Eighteenth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and and eighr, and (hall be in force and have Continuance for and during the Term Cont‘n**ance of Twenty one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Sefiion of A tm of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majefty. 1 808.



- ' . £•'. * .iR" -

■i-i**-' '$•	."If-.



O-

■■ -i-'iSL - VIA-,

9r ;



. . .Li. -■

3i^: .

:v ^

...

. .-v

v \ pn,	}■

:■ --'.v: >



' - ; i-3S - ~	Is

.

‘	•	.	..r

■	. f Jji ...

*•

*	h

'■ --

.	S i $

‘‘4 ’ * - ■ ’<:

. ■	^	‘	' . '	’	L	■{A	-.	:■	.	...	.: -. ,.r

■■;-R ; • •	«	-9-	-*■■<*	aw***:

'	'	'	■	..	T.-J	' w

' ' ••	'i	t.	...	i	ssaiiji	satf .Ssj-

V *• ■	-I	i?	Be...	t,

. *' -	~i	-j	.	.	■

• :	V\-	.

it.......	:	....	\

' 1 1

■ *®»-i



ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap- 140.

An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement entered into between the Honourable and Right Reverend "James Lord Bifhop of Ely and John 'Tharp the elder, of Chippenham Park in the County of Cambridge, Efquire, for the Exchange of the Advowfon of the Redtory of Snailwell in the County of Cambridge, Part of the Poffeffions of the See of Ely, for the Redtory of Burgate in the County of Suffolk, veiled in the faid John Tharp.

[23d June 1808.]

WHEREAS by a Decree made and pronounced on the Seventh Decree of Day of March in the Forty-feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, in a Caufe then and now depending in His g. Majefty’s High Court of Chancery, in which John Tharp, an Infant, the only Son of Jofeph Tharp late of	in	the County of

Efquire, deceafed, who was the eldeft Son of John Tharps late of Chippenham Park aforefaid' Efquire, deceafed, by the Reverend Thomas Siffon his next Friend, Simon Taylor, Philip John Miles, Sir Gilbert Affieck Baronet, Sir Simon Houghton Clarke Baronet, William Green Efquire, and George Hibbert Merchant, are Plaintiffs ; and the faid James Lord Bifhop of Ely, the faid John 7 harp the elder, and Jofeph Sidney Tharp, and John Tharp the younger and AuguJhis James Tharp, Infants, the Sons of the faid John Tharp the elder, by the faid John Tharp the elder, their Guardian, are Defendants; after reciting, that the Subftance of the Plaintiffs’Bill appeared to be, that, in the beginning-of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and two, the faid John Tharp deceafed, left England and went to the Ifland of Jamaica, and being at that Time in Treaty for the Purchafe of the perpetual Advowfon of the Redory of Burgate, duly authorized. Mr.William Dalton, his Solicitor,.to proceed to.

[ Loc. & Per.\	50 P	died

2726

48° GEORGII III. Cap', up.

effect the fame Pur chafe, for the Purpofe of exchanging the Paid Redory of Burgafe wi-h the faid Lord Bifhop of Ely for the Advowfon of the

Redory of Snaikucll, in the County of Cambridge, of which the faid Lord Bi hop was Patron, in Right ot his See ; and that, in purfuanqe of the faid Directions, the Purehafe of the faid Redory of Burgate was effe&ed in the Lifetime of the faid John Tharp deceafed, and the faid Advowfon was

duly conveyed by certain Indentures, bearing Date theEleventh and Twelfth Days of Otlobcr One thoufand eight hundred and two, to the faid John 7harp the elder, to hold the fame to him, his Heirs and Afilgns, for ever; but that the Plaintitfs charged, that the Purehafe Money for the faid Advowfon, amounting to the Sum of Four thoufand Pounds, although mentioned in the Deeds of Conveyance to have been paid by the faid John Tharp the elder, was a dually paid by the laid Mr. Dalton with the proper^ .Monies.of the faid John Tharp deceafed, received from Medieurs Richard Walker and Company of Liverpool, upon whom the faid John Tharp deceafed gave his laid Solicitor Authority to draw for the above Purpofe, and that the Name of the faid John Tharp the elder was only ufed in Trull for the faid John Tharp deceafed, and that the faid Deeds had always remained and did then Hill remain in the Hands of the faid Mr. Dalton the Solicitor, for the Benefit of' the Plaintiff, and the Perfons entitled to the Real Eflate of the faid John Tharp- deceafed ; and that the Hid John Tharp the elder, accordingly, upon the Completion of the faid Purehafe, in order to guard again ft the Accident of his own Death made a Declaration of Trail in Writing, respecting the faid Purehafe in the w,*r of John Form of a Codicil, to be taken as Part of his Will; and that the faid John M^ch,<b,ed Tharp deceafed, being feifed of confiderablc Real Eflate as well in England jjjoi. 135	as Jamaica,	arid poffefled of a large Perfonal Eflate duly made and publifhed

his Will, bearing. Date the Thirteenth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and one, and which was duly executed in the Prefence of and alt died by Three credible Witneffes, and thereby devifed all his Manors, Farms, Plantations, Lands, Tenements, Advowfons, and Real Eflates in Jamaica and. in Gnat Britain, and all the Ref? of his Eilates and Effects Real and Perfonal .unto the Plaintiffs Simon Taylor, William Miles, Philip-John Miles, Sir Gilbert Affleck, William Green, and George Hibbert, and John Richard Dajkwood, and Charles Ofivin, to hold to and to the Ufe of the Plaintiffs, their Heirs and' Ailigns, upon Trull to manage the faid-Eflate until the Plaintiff John Tharp the Infant fhould have attained his Age of Twenty-four Years, and then to the Ufe of the Plaintiff for Life,, with Remainder to the Plaintiffs, to preferve Contingent Remainders, with Remainder to his Firfl' and other Sons, in Tail,' with Remainder to the deflators Son the faid John Tharp the cider for Life, with Remainder to the Teflator’s Grandfon, Jfeph Sidney Tharp the eldell Son of the faid John Tharp the elder, for Life, with Remainder to his Firfl and other Sons in Tail Male, with Remainder to his Grandfon John Tharp the younger, the Second Son of the faid John Tharp the elder for Life, with Remainder to hi - Firfl and ether Sons in Tail Male, with Remainder to the Third and all and every other of the Sons of the faid d eflator's faid Son John Tharp the elder, the Defendant after named in Tail Male with divers Remainders over; and that the Tcflator declared that the Surplus Monies ariling from bis Edates fhould be laid out in the Purehafe of Freehold Edates in the Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk, as contiguous to his Edate in Cambridge, as could be, to be fettled to the fame Ufes and fubjecl to the fame Limitations as the other. Real Edates therein mentioned;

6	and

48° GEOR GII III. Cap. 140.

and- the faid Teftator appointed the Plaintiffs, Simon Taylor, William Miles, Bhihp iohii Vales, Sir Gilbert Affi ck, William-Green, George Hibbert, John Richard ') 'jhvjood, and Charles O/w n, Executors of his laid Will; and that the faid Teftator duly made Three fcveral Codicils to his faid Will; and that the laid deflator did not by his Will take any Notice of the Tran'action refpeCting the Purchafe or Exchange of the faid Living at Bur arte, the fame not having been then in Contemplation ; and the laid Will contained no Power of Exchange, nor did the faid feveral Codicils or either-of them make any Mention of the faid TranfaCtion, nor did they contain any Power of Exchange ; that the faid Teflator died in July One thoufand eight hundred and four, Laving the Plaintiff John Tharp, Son of his late eI'deft Son Jofeph Tharp deceafed, an Infant, his Grandfon, and Leif at 1 .aw; and foon after the Deceafe of the faid Teftator, the Plaintiffs Sir Simon Haughfon Clarke and George Hibbert, Two of the Executors named in the faid Will and Second Codicil, duly proved the fame Will and Second Codicil in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury, and thereby became the legal Perform! Representatives of the faid Teftator, Power being referved to ihe other Executors to prove the fame, but that the faid John Richard Dafhveood had fince renounced, and the other Executors bad not then proved the fame Will and Codicils in England; and the faid William Miles, One of the faid Devifees and Executors, died in the Lifetime of the faid Teitator; and that the Plaintiffs, the faid Executors, who had proved the faid Will and Codicils, had poffeffed themfelves of Part of the laid Teflator’s Perfonal Eftate and Efte&s ; and that the Plaintiffs, the furviving Trull ees in the faid Will and Codicils named, had entered upon the faid Real Edates in England and Jamaica, upon theTrufts and for the Purpofes in the faid Wi.l mentioned ; that by virtue of the laid Will and Codicils, the Plaintiff John Tharp the Infant, in eafe he fhould atttain the .Age of Twenty-four Years, would become entitled to the faid Teflator’s Real Eftate in England and Jamaica, together with the Eftate to be pur-ehafed with the Surplus and Refidue of his Perfonal Eftate, and the Rents and Produce of his Real Eftates as Tenant for Life, with Remainder' to his Firft and other Sons in Tail as aforefaid, with fuch Remainders over as afurelaiJ ; that the iaid Teftator was in his Life-time extremely defirous to become the Owner and Patron of the laid Living of Snaikvell, in order that the fame might go with his Eftate at Chippenham, and be confoliJatcd with the Living of Chippenham, to which the fame lies very contiguous, and, as he conceived, would be very beneficial to the Poffdfion thereof, and he usually directed the Purchafe of the faid Living of Bur gate to be made with the exprefs View of effecting an Exchange thereof for the faid Living at Snailwell, and the Teftator in His Life-time gave Directions to the faid Mr. Dalton, his Agent and Solicitor, to procure and effectuate the faid Exchange with the Lord Bifhop of Ely, and the faid Teftator was, down to the Time of his Death, extremely anxi us to have the fame concluded ; that -although no Notice was taken in the faid Teffator’s Will and Codicils of the aforefaid TranfaCtion ; yet the Plaintiffs well knowing the faid Teltator’s Sentiments upon the Subject of the faid Exchange,, and that he aClualiy wifhed the fame, and that the fame would be for the Interell and Benefit of the faid Truft Eftate, defired the fa*d* Solicitor to proceed m the Treaty which the laid Teftator had, before his Death, fo began with the Bifhop for the Exchange, and the Terms there. 1 having been arranged between the Bifhop and the faid John Tharp's faid Solicitor ©r Agent Mr. Dalton, in February One thoufand eight hundred and five, the faid Bifhop and die faid John I harp the elder, the Truftce of t e aid

Teftator,

2728

4S*GE0RGII III. Cap. 140.

TeiVator, as to the faid Living of Burgate entered into an Agreement in* Agreement	Writing to the following Ettect; (that is to lay,)	Articles ot Agree-*

Blr!v^> o^Ely ** ment made the Sixteenth Day of February One thoufand eight hun-tndMf-Tharp. t{ dred and five, between the Honourable and Right Reverend James 44 Lord Bifhop of Ely of the One Part, 2nd.. John Tharp of Chippenham “ Park in the County of Cambridge, Efquire, of the other Part. Whereas “ the faid James Lord Bifhop of Ely is feized or entitled to him and his “ Succeffors in Fee Simple, of or to the perpetual Advowfon of the “ Rectory of Snailwell in the County of Cambricge: And whereas the “ fa d John Tharp is feifed to him and his Heirs in Fee Simple of the per-“ petual Advowfon of the Reftory of Burgate in the County of Suffolk “ and Diocefe of Norwich : And whereas the faid John Tharp being defi-'< rous of pofleffing the Advowfon of Snailwell, requefted the faid James “ Lord Bifhop of Ely to make an Exchange with him of the fame for the “ Advowfon of Burgate : And whereas both the faid Reftories have been. “ valued by the Land Surveyor of the faid Lord Bifhop of Ely, and the 44 faid Surveyor is of Opinion, that the Reftory of Burgate exceeds the 44 Rectory of Snailwell in annual- Value by Eighty-five Pounds: And “ whereas the faid John Tharp has propofed, in further Increafe of fuch “ Difference in annual Value, to redeem the Land Tax charged upon the. “ faid Reftory of Burgate, which amounts to the annual Sum of Sixteen 44 Pounds, and alfo forthwith to pay into the Bank of England, in the “ joint Names-of the Right Reverend the Lord Bifhop of Ely for the Time “ being, and the Right Reverend the Lord Bifhop of. the faid Diocefe of “ Norwich for the Time being the Sum of One thoufand four hundred 44 Pounds for the Repair and Improvement of the Parfonage Houfe and. 44 other Buildings to the faid Reftory of Burgate, being the Sum thought 44 neceffary for that Purpofe by the faid Surveyor : And whereas the faid. “ John Tharp hath alfo agreed to defray the Expence of the faid Valuation, 44 and the Cofts and Charges of obtaining an Aft of Parliament (if the fame 44 fhould be found requifite) for confirming the faid Agreement and alL 44 other Expences attending the Tranfaftion: And w'hereas the faid James Lord Bifhop of Ely, and the faid John Tharp being fatisfied that. u fuch Exchange fhould be highly beneficial to the See of Ely, has con-44 fented to make the fame ;.it is therefore mutually agreed by and between ‘c the faid James Lord Bifhop of Ely and the faid John Tharps that the 44 faid propofed Exchange fliall take place upon the Terms herein-before 44 recited l” And reciting that the faid John Tharp the elder, together with his Infant Sons the faid JoJeph Sidney Tharp and. John Tharp the younger, cn the Sixteenth Day of February One thoufand eight hundred and five, exhibited their Bill in this Court againft the Plaintiff the faid Infant, and againft the Plaintiffs the Truflees and Executors of the faid Teflator’s Will, and againft other Perfons therein named, for the Purpofe of eflablifhing and carry ing the Trufts-of the faid Teflator’s Will into Execution, but no Decree had then been made in the faid Caufe ; and that the Plaintiff prayed that the faid Agreement, dated the faid Sixteenth Day of February One thoufand eight hundred and five, might be fpecifically. •performed and carried into Execution ; and that the faid Defendant John Tharp the elder might be declared a Truftee of the faid. Reftory of Burgate for the faid Teftator and his Eftatc, and the Plaintiff and the feveral Perfons entitled thereto, and that the faid Defendants Jolm Tharp faz elder, and all proper Parties might be decreed to convey and to join in conveying the faid Advowfon of Burgate in Exchange for the laid Reft or)- of Snailwell or otherwife, inTruft for the Benefit of the Plaintiffs! and ths

Perfons

4-8® GEORGII III. Cap. 16,0.

Perfons entitled to t^e fame fettled Truft Eftates as the Court fliould dire£b, and that ,the faid Defendant the Lord Bifhop of Ely, and the faid ‘John Tharp the elder, and all other proptr Patties might be decreed to join in all neceffary A£s to execute all proper Deeds for effectuating the faid Exchange, and that if neceffary the Plaintiffs might be at Liberty to apply for and obtain the faid ACt, and all the other Expences attending the laid Exchange might be paid according to the Terms of the faid Agreement; and that the Plaintiffs, the Tivftees, andE ecutors of the faid Teftator’s Will, might be permitted to pay Each Cofts, Charges, and Expences, or fuch Parts as ought to be paid by and out of the faid Teftator’s Effate, or the Rents and Profits thereof, and that the fame might be paid and borne in fuch Manner as the Court fliould direct, and that all neceffary' and proper Direftions might be given for effectuating the Purpofes afore-faid ; and that the faid James Lord Bifliop of Ely, by his Anfwer faid, that he admitted fuch Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the Sixteenth Day of February One thoufand eight hundred and five, were made and entered into, and executed and figned by and between the faid John Tharp the elder and the Defendant, and faid, that in Right of his See of Ely he was, previoufly to the Execution of the faid Agreement, Patron of th$ Living of Snailwell, and the faid Agreement not having then been carried into full EffcCt, the Defendant wasa-dvifed that he (till continued at Law to be Patron of the faid Living, although he the 1 defendant admitted that the faid Agreement had been aCted upon, and that he had fince the figning thereof, and in Reliance thereon, a&ually presented an Incumbent to the faid Living of Burgate; and he faid that he had always been and then was ready and willing to ck> and join in all Ads which fliould be neceffary for effectuating the faid propofed Exchange, and fubmitted to ad therein as the Court fliould direct; and that the Counfel for the Defendant John Tharp the elder and Jofeph Sidney Tharp, and John Tharp the younger and dugtijlus James 9'harp, all three Infants, by the faid John Tharp their Father, alledged that they, by their joint Anfwer, faid that they believed that the faid John Tharp, the Teftator in the faid Bill named, did go to Jamaica at the Time in the faid Bill mentioned ; and the Defendant John Tharp the elder faid, and the other Defendants believed, that the faid reft a tor did enter into a Treaty for Purchafe of the Advowfon of the ReCtory of Burgate, as in the Bill in that Behalf mentioned, and that the fai l Advowfon was purchafed in fuch Manner and at fuch Time as in the faid Bill in that Behalf is mentioned ; and they faid that they believed that the Advowfon of the Rettory of Burgate was conveyed to the Defendant John Tharp the elder as a Truftee for the faid Teftator, and that the Confideration Money was paid by or on the Behalf of the faid Teftator, and the Defendant admitted himfelf to be a Truftee of the fame for the Ufes of the faid Will of the faid Teftator ; and the faid Defendant John Tharp the elder admitted that he did execute fuch Declaration of Truft or Memorandum in the Nature of a Codicil, and of fuch Date, and to fuch Purport or Eft'eft, as in the faid Bill in that Behalf is mentioned ; and he admitted that the faid Teftator made the faid Pur-chafe for the Purpofe of fuch Exchange with the Lord Bifliop of Ely, as in the faid Bill mentioned, and that the laid Advowfon was conveyed to the Defendant lor thePurpofe of eftablifliing and enabling hirn more conveniently to effe&fueh Exchange by a Conveyance of the faid Advowfon in the Abfence of the faid John Tharp the Teftator; and that he the faid John Tharp the elder executed the Articles of Agreement in purfuance of what he knew to be the. Intention and Defire of the Teftator in regard to the faid [Foe. Id Per.'}	30	Q	Advowfon*

2730

43° G E OR G11 III. Cap. 140.

Advowfon, and the laid Defendant always confidercd and acknowledge himfelf to be the Truftee of the laid Advowfon for the laid deflator, and he was and always had been willing to ad; in the Prcmifcs as the Court fhould direct, upon being indemnified and paid his Cofts ; and the Defendants Jofeph Sydney Tharp, John Tharp the younger, and Augujlus Jams Tharps Severally faid that they were Infants, and hoped the Court would Decree r»rfer- take Care of their refpedive Interefts in the Premifcs: His Honour did Matter to* n thereupon order, that it fhould be referred to Sir William Weller Pepys ciuire whether Baronet, one; of the Mailers of the Court, to inquire under what Circum-^ances l^e Advowfon of the Redory of Burgate, in the County of Suf--°f ti^infaat folk, was purchased, and whether it would be for the Benefit of the Plain-thn tl.e ^ tiff, the Infant, that the Agreement entered into between the Defendant ihoSbTcar. tfe Lord Bilhop of Ely, and the Defendant John Tharp the elder, for the red into Exchange of the faid Reclory of Burgate for the Redory of Snailwell, in Exeouuu. the County of Cambridge, fhould be carried into Execution, and that an Ad of Parliament fhould be applied for and obtained, for completing the faid Exchange, in cafe he fhould be of Opinion that the faid Agreement was proper to be carried into Execution, and the faid Mafter was to flate the fame with his Opinion thereon, to the Court: And whereas, in pur-fuance of the faid Recited Decree, Edward Morris Efquire, One of the Mailers of the faid Court of Chancery, and to which faid Edward Morris the faid Caufe was transferred by an Order of the faid Court, dated the Firfl Day of April laft, made his Report, in the faid Caufe, and thereby certified, that in confequence of the Directions given to the faid Mr .Dalton by the faid John Tharp deceafed, the faid Redory of Burgate was purchafed and paid for out of the proper Monies of the faid John Tharp deceafed, and that the fame was conveyed to the faid John Tharp the elder, as a Truftee for his Father the faid John Tharp deceafed, he being at that Time abfent in the laid Inland at Jamaica, and that it was fo conveyed to the faid John Tharp the elder for the greater Convenience of carrying the faid Exchange into Eifed; and the laid Mafter alfo found, that the Vicarage of Chippenham was of final! annual Value, and that the Vicarage Houfe belonging thereto was alfo fmall, and in bad Repair, but that the Redory of Snailwell was of confiderably larger annual Value, and the Parfonage Houfe was fpaaous, modern, and in fubfiantial Repair, having upwards of One hundred Acres of Glebe Land immediately adjoining, and that the united Value of the faid Redory of Snailwell and Vicarage of Chippenham would form a fuitable Income for a Clergyman ; and the faid Mafter alfo, found, that the Redory of Burgate was fituate upwards of Thirty Miles from the Eftate of the fad John Tharp deceafed, and was totally uncomioded therewith ; and that by the Affidavit of Jofeph Trujlove, Surveyor, in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and four, he valued the Parifhes of Snailwell in,the County of Cambridge, and Burgate in the County of Suffolk^ for the Purpofe of afcertaining the annual Value of the Redories of the laid refpedive Parifhes, and that the net annual Value of the Redory of Burgate was Three hundred and forty-eight Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Seven-pence Halfpenny, and that of Snailwell Two hundred and fixty-four Pounds and Five-pence Halfpenny, leaving a Balance in Favour of the Redory oI Burgate of Eighty-four Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Two-pence; and the faid Mafter certified that he had confidered of the faid State of Fads and Affidavits, and that it appeared to him that the Agreement entered into between the Defendant the Lord Bilhop of Ely and the Defendant John Tharp the elder was beneficial and for the Iatereft of the faid Plaintiff, the Infant, he therefore reported it to

be

*73*

ur S

:%•

ircuffi.

•iflcin;

fcr'iit

in

ihitaa

tog Ac ram® to Hate

Qpr-■ oi the Usrris ted die hereby .Dolton is pur-i Tiwr^ *ir/ thf iff being fo con-of car-1, that lat the ir, but ie, and Repair, Siatelv i^and

ftuate ceafod) ivit of d and and annual annual pounds

fl Jw ring a jsSix* e had seared Lord jasd i j § ce

48° GEORG!I III. Cap. 140.

be his Opinion, that the fame Ihould be carried into Execution: And ■whereas, bv an Order made and pronounced in the faid Caufe by the Right Honourable the Lord High Chancellor on the Fourteenth Day of January \n this prefent Year One thouland eight hundred and eight, his Lord (hip ordered that the faid Report fliould be confirmed: And whereas the faid John Tharp the Teflator by a Codicil to his Will, bearing Date the Twelfth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and four, revoked the Appointment of the faid Charles Ofwin to be One of his Executors and Truftees: And whereas the faid John Tharp the elder* fmee the Execution of the faid Agreemenr, hath redeemed the faid annual Sum of Sixteen Pounds Land Tax, charged on the faid Redtory of Bur-gate, and alfo paid into the Rank of England the faid Sum of One thou-iand four hundred Pounds, in the joint Names of the Right Reverend Lord Bfhop of Ely and the Right Reverend Lord Bilhop of Norwich, agreeably to the Terms of the above recited Agreement: And whereas fince the Date and Execution of the faid Articles of Agreement the l ands within the laid Parilh of Snailwell have been inclofed at the Expence of the Eftate of the faid John Tharp deceafed, whereby the Annual Value of the faid Rectory of Snailwell hath been increafed tp the Sum of Three hundred and feventy-nine Pounds Six Shillings and Seven-pence Halfpenny, or thereabouts, reducing the Balance in Favour of the laid Redtory of Burgate to the Sum of Fifty-four Pounds Six Shillings and Two-pence per Annum, as more fully appears by the Schedule hereunto annexed: And whereas, by Reafon of the Inability of the faid James Lord Bilhop of Ely to alienate or exchange any Property belonging to his See by any common Affurance or Conveyance, the fame cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: Therefore Your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal Subjects the laid James Lord Bifliop of Eh, and the faid George Hibbert for and on the Part and Behalf of the faid John Tharp the Infant; and the faid John Tharp the elder for himfelf and. for and on Behalf of the faid Jofeph Sidney Tharp, John Tharp the younger, and Augvjlus James Tharp his Infant Children, do pray Your Majefly that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s molt Excellent Maiefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all that the faid Advow- The Aovov*-fon, Donation, free Difpofuion, and perpetual Right of Patronage, and Ton of Uu g-,te Presentation of, in, and to the laid Redlory and Parilh Church of Burgate Liftop'of f.fy in the laid County of Suffolk, with all and every the Tythes, Glebe Lands, ami hi< suc-Rights, Members and Appurtenances wbatfoever, to the fame Redory R.Th^o! hi* belonging, or in anywife incident or appertaining, or therewith now or Se-* lately ufed and enjoyed or belonging thereto, {half immediately from and after the pafiing of this Ad be veiled in, and the fame is and are hereby reded in the faid James Lord Bilhop of Ely, and his Succeffors Bifhops of Eiy, in Right of the faid See for ever, freed and abfolutely acquitted, exempted, and exonerated of, from and againlt allEflate, Right, Title,

Inrerelt, Claim, and Demand wbatfoever, of him the faid John Tharp the elder, and his Heirs, and of all end every Perfons and Per Ion whofoever now having or claiming, or who lhall or may hereafter have or claim any Ellate,

Right, Title, Intereft, and Demand whatfoever; in or to the faid Advaw-fon and other Hereditaments under the W ill of the faid John Tharp de~ eeafed, of, in, to, out of, or upon the Eftates devifed or diredled to be pur-chafed by the Hid Will and in lieu of and Exchange for the faid Ad vow-ion, Donation, free Dilpofition, and perpetual Right of Patronage and 4	Prefentaticn

48" G£OIIGII III- Cap. 140.

Prefentalion of and to the Re&ory of Unailwell herein-after v tiled in and fettled upon the faid jfohn 1 Imrp the elder and his lien s, to the Ufcs of the faid Will of the faid John Tharp dcceafed.

the wilt a his Father John Tharp.

1L And be it farther enabled, That all that the aforefaid Advowfon, Donation, free Difpofition, and perpetual Right of Patronage and Prefen-tation of, in, and to the faid Reftory and Parifh Church of Snaihvell in the faid County of Cambridge, with all and every theTythes, Glebe Lands, Rights, Members, and Appurtenances whatfoever, to the fame Re&ory belonging, or in anywife incident or belonging thereto, lhall immediately from and after the palling of this A6t be veiled in and fettled upon, and the fame is and are hereby veiled in and fettled upon the faid John Tharp the elder and his Heirs, to fuch of the Ufes upon and for fuch of the 1 rufts, Intents, and Purpofes, and by, with, under, and fubjeft to fuch of the Powers, Provifoes, Directions, and Declarations exprelfed and contained in the faid Will of the faid John Tharp deceafed, of and concerning the Manors, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Great Britain thereby devifed, as lhall then be fubfilling and capable of taking Effect; freed and abfolutely acquitted, exempted, and exonerated of, from, and againft all Ellate, Right, Title, Intereft, Claim, and Demand whas-foever of the faid James Lord Bilhop of Ely, and his Succeflors Bifhops of Ely, in or to the lalt-mentioned Advowfon and other Hereditaments, and to be, together with the Sum. of One thoufand four hundred Pounds, paid by the faid John Tharp the elder into the Bank, to the Account of the faid James Lord Bifhop of Ely, and Henrv Lord Bilhop of Norwich, as hereinbefore is mentioned, in lieu of and in Exchange for the Laid Advowfon, Donation, free Difpofition, and perpetual Right of Patronage and Prefen-tation of and to the R c£tory of Burgate, hereby veiled in the faid James Lord Bilhop of Ely, and his Succelfors, Bilhops of Ely, in Right of the faid See.

The h°°5- °r	And	it	is	hereby further enacted and declared, That the faid James

3	competent Lord Bilhop cf Ely and Henry Lord Bilhop of Norwich, and their re-laid out in fpe&ive Executors and Admiiudrators, lhall as foon as may be after the Repairs or im- palling of this Aft lay out and invelt the laid Sum of One thoufar.d four fhe Parfonaee hundred Pounds, or a competent Part thereof, for the Repair and Hou't oi Bur. Improvement of the Parfonage Houfe and other Buildings to the faid gate, &c. Reftory of Burgate, and lay out the Surplus or Relidue thereof, if any, in the Purchafe of Three per Centum Confolidated Bank Annuities, in the Names of them the faid James Lord Bilhop of Ely and Henry Lord Bilhop of Norwich, and their refpective Succelfors for the Time being; and when and fo often as any fuch Repairs or Improvements as aforefaid fhall be wanted, do and lhall fell the Three per Centum Confolidated Bank An-nuities, then inverted in the Names of them the faid James Lord Bilhop of Ely and Henry Lord Bilhop of Norwich, or their refpe&ive Succelfors, Executors, or Adminillrators, or a competent Part of the fame, and apply the Money arifing from the Sale thereof, in or towards the effecting of fuch Repairs or Improvements accordingly, and do and lhall from dime to Time pay the Dividends of fo much of the faid Three per Centum Confolidated Bank Annuities as lhall remain after, or not be applied upon or for fuch Repairs or Improvements as aforefaid, to or permit the fame to be received by the Rector for the Time being, of the faid Parifh Church of Burgate.

IV.	Provided

kind

UVof

rowlba,

ft the Lands, Lxbry lately

\ini

limits, Ei of (he wntained icercinj; in Grot £ faking >j", from, id wb. tops of ms, and ds, paid ; the kid s herein-dvowfoo,

dPrdb-

lid Jm i of the

d Jima heir re-iter the ad four

air and the fa;d ’if any, , in the [Bifliop d when Hall be nkAn-i Bifliop cceffors,

ad apply

far

,Con-

DpOD °r

W*

$UP

|P

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 140.	2733

IV.	Provided neveirthelefs, and it is hereby further enabled and declared,

That in cafe the faid James Lord Bifhop of Ely, or his Succeflors, Bifhops lo'repcfliV3 the of Ely for the Time being, (hall at any Time hereafter be lawfully evicted Aciyov»*on ,,r from the Poffeffion and Enjoyment of the faid Advowfon, Donation, free Difpofition, and perpetual Eight of Patronage and Prefentation of, in, and tion from the to the faid Redory and Pari Hi Church of Bur gate, veiled in him and them ^vo^on c*" as aforefaid, by or through any Defect of Title exifting prior to the pa fling 6 of this Aft, fo that the Exchange hereby intended cannot continue, then and in fuch Cafe it lhall be lawful for the faid James Lord Bifhop of Ely, and his Succefiors, Bifhops of Ely for the Time being, for ever, after fuch Evidion, to prefent a Clerk to the faid Redory of Snailwell, whenever the fame (hall become vacant; and the faid Advowfon, Donation, free Difpofition, and Right of Patronage and Prefentation of, in, and to the faid Redory of Snailwell, and all other the Premifes hereby veiled in the faid John Tharp and his Heirs, to the Ufes, and in the Manner hereinbefore mentioned, with their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, and every Part thereof, to have again, re-poflefs, and enjoy as in his and their former Eftate, in Right of the faid See of Ely, without any Suit, Trouble, Interruption, or Diflurbance, of, from or by the faid John Tharp the elder, his Heirs or Afligns, or any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever claiming or to claim under or by virtue of the Ufes, Trulls,

Interns, Purpofes, Powers, Provifoes, Diredions, and Declarations hereinbefore exprefied, declared, referred to, or contained, of or concerning the faid Redory of Snailwell.

V Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enaded and declared. That per^n, in cafe any Perfon or Perfons who, under or by virtue of this prefent Ad of tit’ed to Snail-Parliamept, (hall have or claim any Eitate, Right, Title, or Interefl in-* to, f fl*i?u«»«<*" or out of the faid Advowfon, Donation, free Difpofition, and perpetual mcafe.f Right of Patronage^and Prefentation of, in, and to the faid Redory of Evic;,on» &c« Snailwell, and other the Premifes hereby veiled in the faid John Tharp the elder,, his Heirs and Afligns, to tile Ufes and in the Manner herein-before mentioned, fhall at any Time hereafter be lawfully evided from the Pof-feflion and Enjoyment of the faid Advowfon, Donation, free Difpofition and perpetul Right of Patronage and Prefentation of, in, and to the Rectory of Snailwell aforefaid, by or through any Defied ofi Title ofi the laid.

James Lord Bifhop of Ely, or ? ay of his Predeccffors, Bifhops of Ely, then and in fuch Cafe it fhall be lawful for the Perfon cr Perfons fo claiming or to claim under or by virtue of this prefent Ad, any Eftate, Right,

Title, or Interefl in, to, or out of the faid Redory of Snailwell for ever after fuch Evidion, to prefent a Clerk to the find Redorv and Pariiii Church of Burgafe, whenever the fame fhall become vacant, and the Advowfon, Donation, Free Difpofition, and perpetual Right of Patronage and Prefentation of, in, and to the faid Reclory and Parifii Church of Bur gate, and other the Premifes fo by this prefent Ad vefled in the faid James Lord Bifliop of illy and his Succcflbrs as aforefaid, with the Rights,

Members^ and Appurtenances thereto belonging, and every Part thereof fhall thenceforth be1 and remain to the Ufes, upon and for the Trufts,

Intents, and Purpofes, and with, under, and fobjed- to the Powers, Prol vifoes, Limitations, and ldeclarations which would then have been fub* filling or capable of taking-Effed in the faid Rectory of Snailwell, if fuch Evidion, is aforefaid, had not taken place; and then alfo and in that Cafe the faid Three per Centum Confolidated Bank Annuities to be purchafed as herein-before is mentioned, or fo much of the lame as fhall not have [Loc. &? Per.']	30	R--S	been

^ 734

4.8? GEORGH III. Cap. 1^0.

been laid cut in Repairs or Improvements as aforefaid, fhall be transferred to the Executors or Adminiliratcrs for the Time be;ng of the faid John Tharp deceased, to be by them applied in the Manner and for the Intents and i'urpofcs directed by his Will, of the general Refidue of his Perfonal Eflate.

VI. Provided always, and it is further enacted. That nothing he-cin j .1	„	,	contained	fhall	exonerate	the prefent or any future Incumbent of the laid

leP mK"* Church of Burgate, from their refpedive Obligation at Common Law, or by Statute, to keep the Parfonage Houfe of the faid Redory < -f burgate, or the Buildings in or upon the fame, in Repair, or from being anfwerable or accountable for his or their refufing or negleding fo to do.

General	VII.	Saving always to the King’s moll Excellent Majeffy, and Hi« Heirs

spying. and Succeffors, and to a 1 and every other Perfon and Perions, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, SuccelTois. Executors and Adminiffrators, other than and except the faid James Lord Bilhop of Ely, and his Succellbrs, Bilhops of Ely, and the faid John Tharp the e der, his ileirs and Affigns, and the faid John Tharp the Infant, and all and every other the Perfons and Perfon entitled or to become entitled to tie laid Advowfon cf the faid Redory or Pariih Church of Burgate, or the Advow-fon of the faid Redory or Pariih Church of Snailwell, under the faid Will of the faid John Tharp deccafed, all fuch Eftate, Right, Title, anti lnterelf. Benefit Claim, and Demand, of, in, to, or out of the faid Advowfons and perpetual Rights of Patronage and Prefentation, of, in, and to the faid Rectories refpedively, veiled, fettled, and exchanged by this Ad as aforefaid, as they, every, or any of them, had before the palling of this Ad, or could or might have had, held, and enjoyed, in cafe this Ad had not been made.

Ev.denc?. VIII. And be it further enaded and declared. That this prefent Ad {hall be printed by the Printer to the King’s moll Excellent Majefty, and a Copy thereof, fo printed, {hall be admitted as Evidence by al] Judges, Jultices, and others.

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 140.

2735

The SCHEDULE to which the Ad refers.

VALUATION of the Re&ofy of Burgate in the County of Suffolk.

Tl Corn Tythes of the Arable Land containing by- A dmeafu r ement	*

T ie * y hes of the Grafs Lands containing The T\ thes of the Commons and Waftes	Do.

The Tythes of the Wood Ground —	Do.

Glebe Lands and Premifes, Tythe free

Acres

OUT-GOINGS. ,

Land Tax

Repairs

Tenths

Procurations

per Annum. Do. Do.

Do.

A. R. P.		£■ >■ <>■
1T3° 3 29  6c8 3 5 56 2 32 io3 3 6	^ per Ann’"	294 3 6
72 3 33	per Annm	S3 0 0
1973 0 25		377 3 6
i- >• d-  16 0 0 10 10 0 t 7 7 9		28 6 jo|
		348 16 7j

JOSEPH TRUSLOVE

2736

4.8* GEORGII HI. Cap. 140.

S CHEDULE—continued.

November 2othi 1804. VALUATION of the RecTory of Snailwell, in the County of Cambridge.

The Corn Tythes of the Common Field Arable Land containing by Admeasurement	*

Tytue <» tlie Heath Land, containing Do. o the m-lofcd Arable Land containing	-

Do. of the inclofed Grafs Land, con:aining

Ditto, of the Fen Ground and Commons,

Over wnich a cuftomary Payment or Modus! exifts of Two-pence f»>r evtry Cow in lieu of I Mi'k, and Sixpence for every Calf, amounting ( in the whole to about -	•	-J

Reflory Glebe Lands, Open Field Arable Do.	Heath	Qiownd

Do.	incloled Paftute, Homeftall	"1

and Premifes,	j

With a Dove Houfe and Sheepwalk, all Tythe free

Acres

1118 2 30 379 3 56 o 34 114 2 38

128 3 13

69 3 3

56 3	2

OUT-GOINGS.

Larri Tax Repairs Tenths Procurations

per Annum. Do.

Do.

Do.

Burgatetherefore exceeds Snailwell in Value per"! Annum.	-	-	-	-	J

In the Year 1805 an A El of Parliament was obtained br the Inclofure of Snailwell. In con ft-q'-ence of which, the Glebe Lands, Heath, Sheepwalk and Right of Common were improved mm £75. to£105 lor. the Difference of which Two Sums is

Burgate therefore exceeds Snailwell in Value 1 per Annum.	-	-	-	J

a *5 9i 1 1 3

84 16 2

Si 6 2

• per Ann"

per Ann01

£■ •■ *

234 7 6

3x0 17 6

46 17 o§

264 o 84. 16 2

348 16 7i

JOSEPH TRUSLOVE.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

****** **4^*********«***4H|HMH|Hfc*** ft*********************

0 1)6

ij «i

rjj

Si

s ji

Cctp. I41.

An Adi for veiling the fettled Eftates of the Right Honourable Philip Earl of Hardwicke, fituate in the County of Gloucejler, in Truftees, upon Truft, as to certain Parts which have been contracted to be fold, to convey the fame to the refpedlive Pur-chafers; and as to the Refidue, in Truft to fell the fame ; and for inverting the Purchafe Monies under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in other Eftates to be fettled in lieu thereof, and to the fame Ufes.	[25tli June 1808.]

WHEREAS under and by virtue of the lad Will and Teftament will of Firft of the Right Honourable Philip Firft Earl of Hardwicke de- LordHard-ceai'ed, dated the Twenty-third Day of November One thou- and fand feven hundred and ftxty-one, and a Codicil thereto, dated the Ninth theret0>

Day of July One thoufand feven hundred and fixty-two j and alfo under Marriage and by virtue of an Indenture'dated the Twerity-fixth Day of Auguft One Settlement of thoufand feven hundred and ninety,, and made between the Right Ho- the prefent nourable Philip now Earl of Hardwicke and the Right Honourable Eliza-both Countefs of Hardicicke^is Wife, of the one Part, and the Right Hardwicke. Honourable Alexander Earl of Balcarres, the Honourable John Eliot fLoc.p& Per.~\:	r-	~	—	-go	2'——-	--	Second

.2742

Bargain and Sale for luf-

Recovery, 14th June

Ufes of Re-•covery.

48’GEORGII III. Cap. 141.

Second Son of the Right Honourable Edward Lord Eliot, and the Right Honourable Charles Torke of the other Part; and alfo under and by virtue of an Indenture of Bargain and Sale, duly enrolled in the Courtof Common Pleas at Wejlminfier, dated the Fourteenth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and five, and made between the laid Philip now Earl of Hardwicke of the Firll Part, the Right Honourable Philip Torke, commonly called Lord Vifcount Royjlon (fince deceafed) then elded Son and Heir Apparent of the faid Philip now Earl of Hardwicke of the Second Part, and the feveral other Perfons therein named of the Third and Fourth Parts ; and alfo under and by virtue of a common Recovery duly fuffered in the faid Court of Common Pleas, purfuant to the faid Indenture of Bargain and Sale, wherein the faid Philip Lord Vilcount Royjlon was vouched, the Manors of Hardwicke and Hares field, the impropriate Rectory of Hares field, the Advowfon of the Vicarage of the Church of Haresfield, and feveral MefTuages, Farms, Lands, Tythes, and other Hereditaments in the Parilhes of Hardwicke and Haresfield in the County of Gloucefier, being the Edates of the faid Philip now Earl of Hardwicke, and of the faid Philip Lord Vilcount Royjlon (deceafed) became and were and flood fettled (together with other Hereditaments) fubje£l to a yearly Rent Charge of One thoufand two hundred Pounds to the faid Elizabeth Countefs of Hardwicke for her Life for her Jointure. and to a Term of One thoufand five hundred Years in the laid Earl of Balcarres, John Eliot, and Charles Torke, in Trull, for better fecuring the faid Jointure, and alfo for raifing after the Death of the faid Philip now Earl of Hardwicke, the Sum of Fifteen thoufand Pounds for the Portions of his Daughters and younger Sons by the faid Elizabeth Countefs of Hardwicke, to the Ufe of fuch Perfon and Perfons, and for fuch Ellate or Ellates, and upon fuch Trulls, and to'and for fuch Intents and Purpofes as the faid Philip now Earl of Hardwicke and the faid Philip Lord Vifcount Royjlon Ihould, by any Deed or Deeds by them lealed and delivered in the Pre-fence of and attelled by Two or more credible Witnelfes, direfl, limit, or appoint ; with Remainder to the Ufe of the faid Philip now Earl of Hardwicke and his Alligns for his Life, without Impeachment of Wade; with Remainder to the Ufe of a Trullee during his Life, in Trull to preferve contingent Remainders, with Remainder to fuch Uies and for fuch Intents and Purpofes as the faid Philip Lord Vifcount Royjton Ihould by Deed or Will dire£l, limit, or appoint; with Remainder to the Ufe of him the faid Philip Lord Vifcount Royjlon in Tail Male; with Remainder to the Second and other Sons of the faid Philip now Earl of Hardwicke fuccef-fively in Tail Male; with Remainder to the faid Charles Torke in Tail Male, with divers Remainders over: And whereas under and by virtue of the faid lad Will and Tedament of the faid Philip Earl of Hardwicke wiel-e and deceafed, and a^° under and hy virtue of Indentures of Leafe and Releafe, indentures of bearing Date refpecTively the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Days of June One Leafe and thoufand eight hundred and live, and made between the laid Philip now Releafe of Earl of Hardwicke of the Fil'd Part, and the faid Philip Lord Vifcount June 1805. R°yJ}°n °f the Second Part, and the faid Charles Torke of the Third Part, un	the	Tythes	of Grain and Sheaf and Hay arifing within the aforefaid Manor

of Hardwicke, with the Tolt of the late Tyihe Barn there, and the Soil and Ground whereon it dood, and alfo within Colethropp in the Parilli of Standijl) in the faid County of Gloucejler, and all Tythes of Grain, Sheaf, and Hay, as well of the Scite of the Manor of Rudge in the laid County of Gloucefier, as alfo of all the cudomar.y Tenants of the lameSciie, all

which

Will and Codicil of Lord Hard-

2743

48® GEORGII III. Cap. 141.

which Tythes and Premifcs were in and by a certain Indenture of Leafe bearing Date on or about the Twenty feventh Day of December One thou-iand feven hundred and ninety, demifed by the then Lord Bilhop of Glou-ccjicr to the faid Philip now Earl of Hardwicke during the natural Lives of him the faid Philip now Earl of Hardwicke, John Vernon the younger. Gentleman, and the faid Philip Lord Vifcount Hoy ft on, were conveyed unto and to the Ufe of the faid Charles forks, his Heirs and Affigns, for the Lives of the Perfons named as cejhti que vies in the fame Indenture of Leafe, fubjeft to the Rents, Covenants, and Agreements therein contained, upon Truft, and for the Ufe of fuch Perfon and Perfons, and for fuch Eftare orEftates, and upon fuch Trufts, and to and for fuch Intents and Purpofes as the faid Philip now Earl of Hardwicke and the faid Philip Lord Vifcount Royjion fliould by any Deed or Deeds by them fealed and delivered in the Prefence of and attefted by Two or more credible Wit-neffes, direct, limit, or appoint; with Remainder upon Truft for the faid Philip now Earl of Hardwicke and his Afligns for his Life; with Remainder upon Truft for fuch Ufcs and for fuch Intents and Purpofes as the faid Philip Lord Vifcount Royfton fhould by Deed or Will direef, limit, or appoint; with Remainder in Truft for him the' faid Philip Lord Vifcount Royjion in Tail Male; with Remainder in Truft for the Second and other Sons of the faid Philip now Earl of Hardwicke in Tail Male; with Remainder in Truft for the faid Charles Tdrke in Tail Male, with divers Remainders over : And whereas in the Month of December One thoufand Part of the eight hundred and feven, all the faid Freehold and Leafehold Eftates in the County of Gloucejler (except the Manor of Hardwicke and Three Ig0^> Acres Two Roods and Twelve Perches of Land in Haresfield, and a Cottage in Haresjield in the Occupation of William Collin, with a Clofe adjoining containing Four Acres One Rood and Eight Perches in the Occupation of Richard Chamberlain, and alfo except feveral Pieces of Wood Ground containing Eighty Acres or thereabouts) were by the Order of the faid Philip now Earl of Hardwicke fold by Auction in Lots (exclufive of the Timber, Trees, Oak, Pollards, and Saplings down to Two Shillings and Sixpence per Stick inclufive) for divers Sums of Money, amounting to the Sum of Seventy-eight thoufand three hundred and eighty-three Pounds; and the faid Manor of Hardwicke and Cottage and Lands in Haresjield above excepted, were about the fame Time, by the Order of the faid Philip now Earl of Hardwicke, fold by private Contract (exclufive of Timber, Trees, Oak, Pollards, and Saplings as aforefaid) for feveral Sums, amounting to the Sum of One thoufand and fifty Pounds, which faid Sums of Seventy-eight thoufand three hundred and eighty-three Pounds and One thoufand and fifty Pounds make together the Sum of Seventy-nine thoufand four hundred and thirty-three Pounds, and the feveral Pur-chafers figned feparate Contracts for carrying their Purchafes into Execution (except the Purchafer of the faid Manor of Hardwicke arid the Pur-chafer of a Cottage and Garden comprifed in Lot Thirty-four, mentioned in the Schedule to this Aft) ; all which Purchafes were to be completed on the Sixth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and eight; and by all the faid Contrafts (except the Contract for the Sale of Lot Sixteen) in the Second Day’s Sale, it was ftipulated that all Timber, Trees, Oak,

Pollards, and Saplings down to Two Shillings and Sixpence per Stick inclufive, fhould be taken by the Purchafers at a Valuation to be made by Two Perfons, one to be chol’en by each Party or by their Umpire in the ufual Manner, and the Amount thereof fliould be paid at the Time b	fixed

2744

480 GEORGII III. Cap. 141.

fixed for Payment of the Purchafe Money j and fince making the faid Contracts it hath been agreed between the faid Philip now Earl of Hard-•uiicke and Three of the faid Purchafers, that Parts of their Purchafe Monies, fuch Parts amounting in the whole to Twenty-four thoufand Pounds, Ihould be left upon the Security of the Premifes fold for the 1 erm of Three Years, and fince the making the faid Contracts for Sale, the Timber, Trees, Oak, Pollards, and Saplings on each of the faid Lo's fo fold as aforefaid down to Two Shillings and Sixpence per Stick inclufive (except in refne£t of Lot Sixteen in the Second Day’s Sale) have been valued agreeably to the Stipulations aforefaid, at feveral Sums of Money amounting together to the i-uin of Three thoufand three hundred and fifty-five Pounds Sixteen Shillings, exclufive of the Timber upon Lots five and Ten in the Firfl Day’s Sale, which has been valued by a Perfon folely appointed by the faid Philip now Earl of Hardwicke at the Sum of One hundred and thirteen Pounds One Shilling and Eight-pence, making with the faid Sum of Three thoufand three hundred and fifty-five Pounds Sixteen Shillings the Sum of Three thoufand four hundred and fixty-eight Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Eight-pence, which Sum being added to the aforefaid Sum of Seventy-nine thoufand four hundred and thirty-three Pounds makes the Sum of Eighty-two thoufand nine hundred and one Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Eight-pence; and a Particular of the faid Eftates fo contracted to be fold as aforefaid, and of the Price of each Lot, and of the Amount of the Valuation fo made as aforefaid of the Timber, Trees, Oak, Pollards, and Saplings down to Two Shillings and Sixpence per Stick inclufive on each Lot (except Lot Sixteen in the Second Ohjcft.of the Day’s Sale) is contained in the Schedule to this Ad: And whereas the chafe'other' Sales were made with a View to inveft the Purchafe Monies in other Ellates. Eltates fituate in the Neighbourhood of the Refidence of the faid Philip now Earl of Hardwicke called Wimpole in the County of Cambridge or in Death of fome Part of the faid County of Cambridge : And whereas the faid Philip a Bachelor°n Eord Vifcount Royjlon died very lately a Bachelor without having joined without mak- with his Father the faid Philip now Earl of Hardwicke in executing the i»g any Ap- joint Power of Appointment referved to them in refpeft of the faid Eftates pointment. jn County of Gloucejler, and without having executed the foie Power of Appointment referved to him the fad Philip Lord Vifcount Royjlon in refpeff of the fame Eftates as aforefaid, whereby the fame Eftates now (land fettled and limited under the Ufes and Trufts aforefaid, (fubjeft to the aforefaid Jointure to the faid Elizabeth Countefs of Hardwicke, and to the aforefaid Portions for younger Children, and the faid Term of One thoufand five hundred Years for fecuring fuch Jointure and Portions) to or upon the faid Philip now Earl of Hardwicke for Life, with Remainder to a Truftee to preferve contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the Right Honourable Charles James Lord Vifcount Rovjlon, the now only Son of the faid Philip now Earl of Hardwicke in Tail Male ; with Remainder to the Second and other Sons of the faid Philip now Earl of Hardwicke in Tail Male ; with Remainder to the faid Charles Torke in Tail Prefent Lord Male, with feveral Remainders over: And whereas the faid Philip now Minw°n * Earl of Hardwicke intermarried -with the Right Honourable Lady Elizabeth Lindfay on or about the Twefnty-fourth Day of July One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, and hath Iflfue by her now furviving One Son the faid Charles James commonly called Lord Vifctmnt Royjlon, an Infant of the Age of Eleven Years or thereabouts, and the faid Philip now Earl of Hardwicke hath no other IiTue Male, but he hath Four

Daughters

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 141.	2745

Daughters by his faid Countefs, namely, the Right Iibnourable Anns oth<r Chil-bommofily called Lady ‘ Yifcouiitefs'PtUington, the Wife'of the Right drenofpre-Honourable John Savile commonly called Lord Vifeount Pollington, and ^Lajy the Right Honourable Lady Catherine Freeman Torke, who have attained Hardwicke, their feveral Ages of Twenty-one Years, and the Right Honourable Lady all Daughters. Elizabeth Margaret Torke, and the Right Honourable Lady Caroline Harriot Torke, who are both Infants: And whereas the Prices for which the Whole of the faid Eftates in the County of Gloucefter have been fo contracted to be fold as aforefaid arc very advantageous, and it would be greatly for the Benefit of the faid Philip now Earl of Hardwicke, the Tenant for Life of the fame Eftates, and the Perfons claiming in Remainder, and he the faid Philip now Earl of Hardwicke and the laid Elizabeth Countefs of Hardwicke his Wife, and the faid Charles Torke, are therefore defirous that the aforefaid Contracts of Sale fnould be carried into Execution, and alfo that the faid Pieces of Wood Ground which remain unfold fhould be fold, and that the clear Purchafe Monies, together with the Monies to be produced from the Sale of the Timber upon Lot Sixteen on the Second Day’s Sale, fhould be inverted under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery in the Purchafe of other Eftates, to be fettled to the fubfirting Ufes of the faid Eftates in the County of GIqu-cejicr; but, by reafon of the Infancy of the faid Charles James Lord Vifeount Royjlon the only Son of the faid Philip now Earl of Hardwicke, and the Infancy of the faid Lady Elizabeth Margaret Torke and Ladv Caroline Harriot Torke, the faid Defire cannot be effe&ed without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; wherefore Your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal Subje&s, the faid Philip now Earl of Hardwicke and Elizabeth Countefs of Hardwicke his Wife, for and on Behalf of themfelves and their faid Infant Children, and alfo the faid Charles Torke, and the faid John Savile Lord Vifeount Pollington, and Anne Lady Vifcountefs Pd-lington his Wife, and the faid Lady Catherine Freeman Torke, do moft humbly befeech Your Majefty that it may be enabled ; and be it enacted by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with die Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, of the United • Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in this prefent Parliament afi'em-bled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and immediately after Eftates the parting of this Aft, all thofe the Manors of Hardwicke and Haresjield iu Trufteea. in the County of Gloucejler, with their Rights, Royalties, Members, ami Appurtenances, and alfo all that the impropriate Ref lory of Haresjield . and the Advowfon of the Vicarage of the Church of Haresficld in the faid County of Gloucejler, and alfo all and fingular the Mefiuages, Farms,

Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and Hereditaments in the Parirties of Hardwicke, Haresjield, and Standijh, and in the Manor of Rudge in the faid County of Gloucejler, particularly mentioned and deferibed in the faid Schedule to this Afl, with their and every of their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, fhall be vefted in and fettled upon, and the fame are hereby from henceforth vefted in and fettled upon the faid Charles Torke now of Bonnington s in the County of Hertford, and Chrijlopher Pemberton of Cambridge in the County of Cambridge Efquire, and their Heirs for ever, as to fo many and fuch Part or Parts thereof as are or is Freehold of Inheritance in Fee Simple, to the only proper Ufe and Behoof of them the faid Charles Torke and Chrijlopher Pemberton and their Heirs and Afligns for ever, and as to fo many and fuch Part or Parts thereof as are oris Leafehold for Lives, to the Ufe of them the laid Charles Torke 2nd [Loc. & Per.]	30	U	Chrijlopher

274S

4.8’GEORGII III. Cap. 141.

Chriflopher Pemberton and their Heirs and Affigns for and during the Lives

of the aforefaid cejtui que vies, named in the aforefaid Indenture of Leafe of the Twenty-leventh Day of December One thoufand feven hundred and ninety, fubjed to the Rents, Covenants, and Agreements in the fame Indenture of Leafe referved and contained ; and as to the whole of the fame Manors and other Hereditaments, as well Freehold of Inheritance in I'ee Simple as Leafehold for Lives, freed and difeharged of and from all and fmgular the Ufes, Trulls, Powers, Provifoes, Declarations, and Agreements in the faid feveral herein-before mentioned or recited Will, Codicil, and Indentures, limited, exprelfed, and declared of and concerning the fame, but neverthelefs upon the Trulls and for the Ends, Intents, and Pur-pofes herein-after mentioned and declared; that is to fay, as to, for, and concerning fuch of the aforefaid Manors and other Hereditaments comprized in the faid Contracts of Sale, no Part of which Purchafe Money hath been required to be left on Mortgage as aforefaid, upon Trull that they the faid Charles Torke and Chrflopher Pemberton or the Survivor of them or his Pleirs do and lhall as foon as conveniently may be, upon Payment by the refpedive Purchafers of the fame Hereditaments of the whole of their refpedive Purchafe Monies into the Bank of England as hereinafter is mentioned, convey and afiure fuch Parts of the Manors, Advow-fon, Melfuages, Farms, Lands, Tythes, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as are comprifed in the faid refpedive Contrails thereof, unto and to the Ufe of the refpedive Purchafers thereof, and his, her, or their refpeflive Heirs and Affigns for ever, or for Lives, as the cafe may be, or to fuch Ufes, and for fuch Ends, Intents, and Purpofes as he, Ihe, or they lhall dired or appoint; and as, to, for, and concerning fuch of the aforefaid Manors and other Hereditaments comprifed in the aforefaid Contracts of Sale, Part of whofe Purchafe Money hath been required to be left on Mortgage as aforefaid, upon Trull that they the faid Charles Torke and Chriflopher Pemberton or the Survivor of them or his Heirs, do and lhall as foon as conveniently may be, upon Payment by the refpedive Purchafers of the fame Hereditaments, of the Refidue of their refpedive Purchafe Monies into the Bank as herein-after is mentioned, convey and allure the Parts of the faid Manors and other Hereditaments comprifed in the faid lafl-mentioned Com rads refpedively, to the Ufe of themfelves the faid Charles Torke and Chriflopher Pemberton, their Executors, Adminiltrators, and Affigns for the Term of One thoufand Years, fubjed to a Provifo for Redemption on Payment into the Bank, on fome Day not exceeding Three Years from the Sixth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and eight, of the Principal of the Monies fo required to remain on Security as aforefaid ; and alio on Payment unto the faid Charles Torke and Chriflopher Pemberton, their Heirs, Executors, Adminiltrators, and Affigns, of In-tereft in the mean Time after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon the Principal Money fo to be fecured by Half-yearly Payments, in Trull to be paid by them die fameTrullees refpedively into the Bank as herein-after alfo is mentioned, and from and after the Expiration of the faid Term of Years fo to be limited as aforefaid, to the Ufe of the refpedive Purchafers of the faid Hereditaments comprifed in the faid lall-mentioned Contrads, and his, her, or their refpedive Heirs and Affigns for ever or for Lives, as the Cafe may be, or to fuch Ufes, and for fuch Ends, Intents, and Purpofes, as he, lhe, or they lhall dired or appoint; and as to, for, and concerning the faid feveral Pieces or Parcels of Wood Ground containing Eighty Acres or thereabouts, which have not been

contraded

2747

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 141.

contra&ed to be fold as aforefaid, and alfo as to the faid Timber ilpon Lot Sixteen on the Second Day’s Sale; and in cafe it fhall be found im • practicable to carry into Execution any of the aforefaid Contracts of Sale, then as to, for, and concerning fo many and fuch of the faid Hereditaments hereby vetted and fettled as aforefaid, as are comprifed in fuch of the faid Contracts as itlhall be fo found impracticable to carry into Execution, upon Trutt that they the faid Charles Torke and Chrijlopher Pember-ion, and the Survivor of them and his Heirs, do and fhall with all convenient Speed of their or his own Authority, fell and difpofe of the faid Pieces or Parcels of Wood, Ground, Timber, and other Hereditaments which have not been fo contracted to be fold as aforefaid, or which it fhall be found impracticable to fell under any of the faid Contracts as aforefaid, unto any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever for the belt Price or Prices that can be got for the fame, either together or in Parcels, and either by Public Sale or Private ContraCt, and do and '{hall upon Payment into the Bank as herein-after mentioned of the refpeCtive Purchafe Monies of the Elereditaments which fhall be fo fold as laft aforefaid, convey and affure the refpective Hereditaments fo fold unto and to the Ufe of the refpective Purchafers thereof, and his, her, or their refpective Heirs and Afligns for ever, or to fuch Ufes, and for fuch Ends, Intents, and Pur-pofes as he, fhe, or they fhall direct or appoint.

II.	And be it further enacted. That all and every the Sum and Sums of Money which fhall arife from any Sale or Sales made, and the principal Money which fhall arife from any Mortgage or Mortgages taken in purfuance of this Act, fhall be paid by the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sale or Sales fhall be made, or the Perfon or Perfons liable to pay off fuch Mortgage or Mortgages, and alfo that the Interefi: of the faid Mortgages which fhall be paid by the faid Charles Torke and Chrijlopher Pemberton., their Executors, or Adminiftrators, fhall be by them refpec-tively paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Purchafers of the fettled Eftates of the Right Honourable Philip Earl of Hardwicke, purfuant to the Method preferred by the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Firft, Chapter the Thirty-fecond, and the general Orders of the faid Court, and without Fee or Reward, according to the Act of the Twelfth Year of King George the Second, Chapter the Twenty-fourth.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if any of the faid Purchafers who have required a Sum of Money to be left on Mortgage of the Hereditaments by them refpectively contracted to be pur-chafed as aforefaid, or their refpective Heirs or Afligns, fhall be defircus of paying the whole or any Part of fuch refpective Sums into the Bank prior to the Time of the Execution of the Conveyances herein-before authorized to be made to them as aforefaid, then and in fuch Cafe it {ball and may be lawful to and for them the fame Purchafers refpe&ively, or their relpe&ive Heirs or Afligns, to make any fuch Payment or Payments accordingly, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General, to the Account and for the Purpofes herein-before directed refpecting the other Monies provided to be paid into the Bank.

Provifion for Failure of Contracts.

Purchafe Monies to be paid into the Court of

Chancery.

Provifion fop the Pur-chafers.

2748

48® GEORGII III. Cap. 141.

Monies to be IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies which lhall be paid

snvcfted 01^ in10 the Bank as aforefaid, after deducting fuch Colls, Charges,^ and odiei-Eftates. Expences as herein-after mentioned, lhall upon Petition to the faid Court of Chancery in a luminary Way by the faid Philip now Earl of Hardwicke9 or in cafe of his D-eceafe by the Perfon or Perfons who under the Limitations aforefaid would for the Time being (if this Act had not been made) be beneficially entitled inPolfefiicn to the Laid Hereditaments hereby made faleable if fuch Perfon or Perfons lhall be of full Age, but if fuch Perfon or Perfons lhall be under Age, then by his, her, or their Guardian or refpective Guardians during his, her, or their Minority or refpective Minorities, be laid out and inverted in the Purchafe or Purchafes of other Manors, Meffuages, Lands, Tythes, Tenements, or Hereditaments of Inheritance, fituate in the Neighbourhood of Wimpole aforefaid, or in fome Part of the faid County of Cambridge, or which lhall be convenient to be holden or enjoyed with the faid fettled Eftates not herein-before directed to be fold as aforefaid, and as lhall be approved of by the faid Court, and from and immediately after the making of fuch Purchafe or Purchafes, the Manors, Melfuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and other Hereditaments fo to be purchafed, lhall be conveyed, fettled, and allured to, upon, and for fuch and fo many of the Ufes, Trulls, Intents, and Purpofes, and under and fubjedl to fuch and fo many of the Provifoes, Limitations, and Reftri&ions in and by the faid recited or mentioned Will and Codicil and Indentures, limited and declared of and concerning the faid Manors and other Hereditaments hereby veiled and fettled as aforefaid, as lhall be then fubfifting and. capable of taking Effedl.

Until Pur- V. And be it further enacted, That in the mean Time and until the chafes made^. Monies arifmg from fuch Sale or Sales as aforefaid, or from fuch Mortgage laid ©tit in & or Mortgages to be taken as aforefaid, and from the Intereft thereof lhall Public	he inverted in fuch Purchafe or Purchafes as aforefaid, the fame lhall from

Securities.	Time to Time be laid out by the faid Accountant General under the

Direction of the faid Court of Chancery in the Purchafe of Navy or Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills, and the Intereft arifing from the Money fo laid out in the faid Navy or Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills, and the Money received for the fame as they lhall be refpeclively paid off by* Government, lhall be laid out in the Purchafe of other Navy or Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills, all which faid Navy and Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills lhall be depofited in the Bank in the Name of the faid Accountant General, and lhall there remain until a proper Purchafe or Purchafes lhall be found and approved (as before directed) and until the fame lhall upon a Petition fetting forth fuch Approbation to be preferred to the faid Court of Chancery in a fummary Way by the faid Philip now Earl of Hardwicke, or by or on the Behalf of the Perfon or Perfons who for the Time being lhall be beneficially entitled in PofTeflion to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments fo to be purchafed as aforefaid, or if fuch Perfon or Perfons lhall be under Age, then by his or their Guardian or Guardians, be ordered to be fold by the Accountant General for the completing any fuch Purchafe or Purchafes, in fuch Manner as the faid Court lhall think juft and meet; and if the Money arifing by the Sale of fuch Navy or Victualling or Exchequer Bills lhall exceed the Amount of the original Purchafe Money fo. laid out as afore-faid, then and in that^Cafe only the Surplus which lhall remain after dif-

charging

2749

48°GEORGII III. Cap,i\i.

charging the Expence of the Application to the Court, fhall be paid to fuch Perfon or Perfons respectively as would have been entitled to receive the Rents and Profits of the Lands direfted to be purchafed in cafe the fame had been purchafed purfuant to this Aft, or to the Reprefentatives of fuch Perfon or Perfons.

VI. And be it further enacted. That it fhall be lawful for the laid Court of Chancery, and the faid Courtis hereby authorized from Time to Time to make fuch an Order as the faid Court fhall think fit, for taxing or fettling all the Cofts, Charges, and Expences already incurred in making the aforefaid Sales by Auction and Private Contract, including One Moiety of the Auction Duty which by the Conditions of Sale was to be paid by the Vendor, and alfo all Cofts, Charges, and Expences which fhall have been incurred preparatory to and in applying for and obtaining and palling this Aft, and in making the feveral Applications to the faid Court in pur-fuance thereof, and in making and completing the Sales of the Hereditaments hereby made falcable, and in inverting the clear furplus Monies which under this Aft fhajl be paid into the Bank of England, in the Pur-chafe of Lands and Hereditaments according to the Direftions herein contained, or otnerv/ife in carrying the Trurts and Purpofes of this Aft into complete Execution, and alfo from Time to Time to make an Order for Payment of all fuch Corts, Charges, and Expences as aforefaid out of the Monies which fhall be fo paid into the Bank as aforefaid, or out of the Monies arifing by Sale of the Navy or Viftualling or Exchequer Bills fo to be purchafed as aforefaid.	*

VII And beit further enafted, That the Certificate or Certificates of the Accountant General ot the faid Court of Chancery under his Hand, together with the Receipt or Receipts of the Cafhier of the Bank of England to be thereto annexed and therewith filed in the Regifter Office of the faid Court of Chancery, fhall from Time to Time and at all Times be a good and fufficient Difcharge to fuch Purchafer or Purchasers of the faid Manors and other Hereditaments hereby made faleable as aforefaid, or any Part or Parts thereof, and to the Perfon or Perfons paying off the Principal of any Mortgage or Mortgages to be taken under the Authority of this Aft as aforefaid, and to his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Ad-miniftrators, and Affigns refpeftively, for fo much of the faid Purchafe or Mortgage Money for which fuch Certificate or Certificates, and Receipt or Receipts fhall be fo given ; and fuch Purchafer or Purchafeis, and the Perfon or Perfons paying off fuch Mortgage or Mortgages, and his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Adminiflrators, and Affigns, fhall be and are and is hereby abfolutely and for ever freed, acquitted, and difeharged of and from the fame ; and he, {he, or they, or any of them, after fuch Certificate or Certificates and Receipt or Receipts fhall be fo filed, fhall not be anfwerable or accountable for any Lofs, Mif-application, or Non-application of the faid Purchafe Money or any Part thereof; and the Receipt and Receipts of the faid Charles Torke and Chrijlophcr Pemberton, and their Executors or Adminiftrators, fhall be a good and fufficient Difcharge to the Perfons paying the Intereft of the Mortgages aforefaid, purfuant to the Direftions lierein-before contained.

VIII. And be it further enafted. That in the mean Time and until fuch Sale or Sales fhall be completed or made as aforefaid of the faid Manors and other Hereditaments hereby vefted and fettled as aforefaid, they the faid Charles Torke and Chriflophcr Pemberton or the Survivor of them, or [lM. WPerl '	30 X	the

Expences of Sale to be fettled by the Court of Chancery.

Certificate of Accountant General and Receipt of Cafhier of the Bank, to be a fufficieut Difcharge,

Rents (until Completion of Sales) by whom to be received.

275°

48° GEORG1I III. Cap. 1 + 1.

tire Ilcirs or Afljgns of’fuch Survivor, fhall permit and fuffer the Rents and Profits thereof to be had, received, and taken by fuch Perfon or Per-fons as would refpective’ly have been entitled thereto, and ought to have received the fame in cafe this AQ. had not been made.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That notwith{landing Part of the Manors, Lands, and other Hereditaments originally fubjedted to the faid Annuity or yearly Rent Charge of One thoufand two hundred Pounds to the faid Elizabeth Countefs of Hardwicke for her Jointure as aforefaid, is by the Operation of this Adi freed and dilcharged of and from the fame Annuity or Rent Charge, and all Powers, Authorities, and Remedies for compelling the Payment thereof; yet neverthelefs the faid Annuity or yearly Rent Charge Avail be and remain and continue to be ifiuing and payable out of the Refidue of the Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments originally charged therewith, and not hereby veiled in Trull to be fold as aforefaid, with all Powers, Authorities, and Remedies for recovering and compelling Payment of the fame from and out of fuch Refidue of the fame Manors, Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, in fuch and the fame Manner as if the laid Refidue of the faid Manors, Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments had been originally the only Premifes fubjedl to the Payment of the fame Annuity or yearly Rent Charge.

General	X. Saving always unto the King’s moll Excellent Majefly, and His

Saving.	Heirs and Succeffors, and to all and every other Perfon and Perions whom-

foever, his, her, and their Heirs, Succeffors, Executors, and Admini-flrators (other than and except the faid Philip now Earl of Hardwicke . and his Heirs and Afiignt, and'the faid Elizabeth Countefs of Hardwicke and her Affigns, and the faid Charles James now Lord Vifcount Royjlon and the tleirs Male of his Body, and the Second and other Son and Sons of the faid Philip now Earl of Hardwicke, and the Heirs Male of the Body a“nd refpemive Bodies of all and every fuch Second and other Sons, and rhe faid John Lord Vifcount Pollingtcn and Anne Lady Vifcountefs Pollington his Wife, Lady Catherine Freeman, Lady Elizabeth Margaret, and Lady Caroline Harriot Take, and their feveral and refpective Executors, Ad mini ft rators, and Affigns, and the faid Charles Tcrke and the Heirs Male of His Body, and all and every other Perfon and Perfons whomfoever having ’or lawfully claiming, or hereafter to have or lawfully claim any Eftate, Right, Title, or Imerefl in his, her, or their own Right, or as Truftee or Truftees under or by virtue of the Will, Codicil, or Indentures, or Recovery herein-before recited or mentioned, or any of them, of, in, to, or out of the faid Manors, Meffuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, Rectory, Advowfon, Tythes, and other Hereditaments herein-beiore veiled and fettled as aforefaid). all fuch Eftates, Right, Title, Intereft, Claim, and Demand wbatfoever, of, in, to, or out of the faid Manors, Meffuages, Farms, Tandy Tenements, Rectory, Advowfon, Tythes, and other Hereditaments herem-before veiled and fettled as aforefaid, or any Parc or Parcel'thereof, as they, every, or any of them had before the pa fling of this Act, or could or might have, claim, challenge, or enjoy in cafe this Act had not been made.

XI. And be it further enacted. That this Act {hall be printed by the Pi inter to the King’s mod Excellent Majefly, and a Copy thereof fo printed fhall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Juitices, and others.

The

Aa to be tie King’s

Refidue of Lord Ilard-wicke’s fettled Eftates to remain fubjeft to Lady Hard-

Jointure.

5

48*GEORGII III. Cap. 141

3751

Tile SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Adi refers.

GLOUCESTERSHIRE.

Toni

-f

Oouadl.

In Haresfield In Ditto In Ditto In Hardwicke In Ditto In Ditto In Ditto In Ditto In Ditto In Ditto In Ditto In Ditto In Haresfield The Tytht

Me flu age, Buildings, and

Mefluage, Buildings, and Cottage and

76 a 35

8 3' 18

4 3

4 3 28

9 2 M 8S

Mefluage, Buildings, and Corn and Hay arifing from 2,3 n Acres of Land in Hardwicke Coldthorp, and ii the Manor of Rudge, with the Seite of the Tythi Barn Leafehold, for Three Lives under the See of Gloucester -The Manor of Haresfield, with the Right in the Soil of the Commons and Waftes, containing about I 200 Acres, with the Chief Rents, amounting to j £ 3 3 s. id. per Annum -	.	-J

The Impropriate Tythes of Corn and Hay arifingS from 768 Acres of Land by Eflimation in Haref- > field	-	-J

The Advowfon of the Vicarage of Haresfield, with a ”	and	26	Acres and an Half of >

In Haresfield In Ditto In Ditto In Ditto In Ditto In Ditto In Ditto In Ditto In Ditto

In Ditto	A Cottage and

In Ditto	A Cottage and

la Ditto	A Cottage and Garden

Daniel John Niblett, Efq.

A Cottage and A Cottage and

4 2 36

4 3 39

Same

Same

Same

Same

Same

Same

6,500

2,680

4>95°

3*650

880

37®

►16,750

34*3*5

2 7-52

^GEORGII III. Cap. 141.

In Har.}»-ickc In Ditto In Ditto In Ditto [In Ditto In Ditto In Ditto In Ditto In Ditto

A Cottage anti Clofe ad- ^ Not in the Particulars.

3 3

A Meffuage, Buildings, and 73 :

A Mcffnage, Buildings, and A Meffuage, Buildings, and 5S 3 35

Mr. Thomas CrOome Mr John Hawke?

Mr. John PhiljVotts, fen.

The Quantity of Lot 13 is to be meafured and paid for, according to the Quantity, at the Average Price per Acre for which the Land fold.

In Harcsfield A Cottage and -	o	t	o	Same

In Ditto	-	-	-	500 Mr. Nathaniel	Hawkins

In Ditto A Meffuage, Buildings, and I16 3 32 Same In Ditto	-	-	-	7 3 15 Same

In Ditto	A Meffuage, Buildings, and	121	1	r	Mr.	Richard Martin

In Ditto	A Cottage, Buildings, and	4	3	17	Mr.	John Priddy

In Ditto	The Manfion-houfe and	195	1

In Ditto	-	107	3	2

The Manor of Hardwicke with Chief ~ amounting to £.7, 10 s. 71I. per > -

Annum

In Haresficld In Ditto In Ditto In Ditto

In Hardwicke In Ditto In Ditto In Ditto In Ditto



Cottage and Cottage and Gai

Cottage and A Cottage and

3

All the Land in Haresfield was fold a

William Parker, Efq. Same by Private Contrail (No *

’u Contract ha led for this laft

Lot.) ~

Samuel Lyfons, Efq.

Same

Mr. James Fielder Crc

(No Contract has been figned for this laft Lot Mr Thomas Spire Mr. Henry Eycott Mr.Charles Sommers Mr. Beavan Smith

: from Tythe of Corn and Hay.

j	Brought	forward	-

12 ;Samfe by Private Contrail c | f Same alfo by Private ) 3 t Contrail	-	j

24 [Mr John Philpotts, jun.

17 I Same

Mr. Jofeplx Grazebrook

£

34.585

420 )

3,620 >

4,960

630

| 6,8l

4.960

Chrijlophcr Pembcrion. William Guflarce.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 141.

2753

TIMBER VALUATION.

The Timber, by the Conditions of-Sale, was to be paid for by the Purchafers at a Valuation to be made fubfequent to the Sale, which Valuation hath been fince made, and is as follows :

Upon the Lots purchafed by Daniel John Nibletl, Efq. Upon the Lot purchafed by William Parker, Efq.

Upon the Lot purchafed by Mr. Richard Martin Upon the Lots purchafed by Mr. Nathaniel Hawkins Upon the Lot purchafed by Mr. Thomas Spire Upon the Lots purchafed by Mr John Philpotts, fenior Upon the Lots purchafed by Mr. John Philpotts, junior Upon the Lots purchafed by Mr. Jofeph Grazebruok Upon the Lots purchafed by Samuel Lyfons, Efq. Upon the Lots purchafed by Mr. Beavan Smith Upon the Lot purchafed by Mr. Thomas Croomc

Upon the Lot purchafed by Mr. John Hawkej Upon the Lot purchafed by Mr. John Priddy

	£ s. d.
-	1,269 12 3
.	56o 0 0
-	85 0 0
-	280 0 0
-	35 0 0
-	369 3 6
-	122 9 7
	409 6 0
-	3 '9 9
	too 0 0
'	121 4 11
	3.35516 °
£57. 3 0	
55 -8 8	
	J13 1 8
	3,468 17 8

N. B. The Valuation of the Timber upon the Lots fold to Mr. John Hawkes and Mr, John Priddy, was made by the Agent of the Vendors, no Perfon having met him on the part of the Purchafer:., one of whom has fince objected to the Valuation.

William Cujlance.

RENTAL.

ANNUAL GROSS RENTAL of the above ESTATES in the Parilhes of HARDW1CKE and HARESFIELD, at the Time they were fold.

TENANTS.	RENT.	
IN HARDWICKE.	£ 1. d.	£ s. d.
Richard Martin -  John Beach » - - . Nathaniel Hawkins - .  Thomas Gingell .... Daniel Jenkins -  Mary Few (ter - - -William Rowles .... Daniel Fryer ...  Thomas Slayne - . .  Thomas Marfton - ...  Chief Rents payable to the Manor of Hardwicke	635 >3 0 325 0 0 270 0 0  173 15 °  167 13 0 l6 O O  8 10 0 13 IO 0 5 5°	1,617 10 0 a 10 7
Carried over -	- • -	**•* 0 7

2754

48°GEORGII

Cap.i41

Brought forward

IN HARESFIELD.

Richard Chamberlain Samuel Martin’s Executors George Stroud Thomas Spire Thomas Harper

Widow M ody	-	“	.	*

Thomas Kent Daniel Short

J.ofeph Holdridge	*

James Hyett	-

Chief Rents payable to the Manor of Haresfield

ANNUAL OUTGOINGS.

Land Tax In Hardwicke and Haresfield Rent Charge to Daniel John Niblett, Efq.

Fee Farm Rent to the Crown, iffuing out of the Tythes of") Haresfield	-	-	-	■	“	*	"J

Referved Rent to the Bifhop of Gloucefter for they Ja Tythes of Hardwicke, communibus aimis - J Land Tax payable for thefe Tythes	-	8

Chrijlopher Pemberton.

AN ACCOUNT of the WOOD GROUND remaining unfold.

Broadbeech Wood Hollidays Wood Lady’s Acre The Cliff

IN HARESFIELD.

William Cujlance.

The Remainder of the Eftates not dirc&ed to be fold by virtue of this A&, and upon which the' Jointure of One thoufand’ and two hundred Pounds a Year for the Countefs of Hardwicke, and the Portions of Fifteen tiioufand Pounds for younger Children, charged by the laid Indenture of the Twe ty-fixth Day of Auguft One thoufand feven hundred and ninety, is of the annual Value of Six thcu.and Pounds and upwards.

Chrijlopher Pemberton.

LONDON: Printed by George Lyre and Andrew Straha>n, Printers to the King’s mod Excellent Majefty. 1808.

I!

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

3 19 6 3 J i

f ij i

GEORGII III.1 REGIS



i tie'

I. the the Six

Cap. 142.

An Aft for altering and enlarging the Powers offeveral Afts, paffed in the Thirty-fifth, Forty-fourth, and Forty-fifth Years ofthe Reign of His prefent Majefty, for enabling the Lord Bifhop of London to grant a Leafe with Powers of Renewal of Lands in the Pa-rifh of Paddington in the County of Middlefex, for the Purpofeof building upon. [25th "June 1808,]

WHEREAS by an Aft paffed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the

Reign of Elis prefent Majefty, intituled. An Act for enabling ;j G. 34 the Lord Bijhop of London to grant a Leafe with Powers of Renewal of Lands in the Barijh of Paddington in the County of Middlefex, for the Purpofe of building upont it was (amongft other Things) enafted.

That it fliould and might be lawful to and for Beilby then and now Lord Bifhop of London, and his Succeffors for the Time being, and he and they were thereby required and direded by Indenture under the epifcopal Seal of the faid Lord Bifhop and his Succeffors, to demife, leafe, and to farm let unto Thomas Wood (fince deceafed) Sir John Frederick Baronet, and Arthur Stanhope, their Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns, or the Truftees or Truftee for the Time being, to be thereafter named and appointed under the Powers in certain Indentures of Settlement bearing Date the Fifth Day of July One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, and Fourth Day of March One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three (in the fame Aft recited,) referved,and contained, their or his Executors, Adminiftrators, or Afligns, all that the Scite and capital Mef-[Lec, fcf Perl]	30 2	* fuage

48* GEORG 11 III. Cap. 142.

fuage of the Manor of Paddington in the faid County of Middlefex, and all Houfes, Edifices, Barns, Stables, Orchards, Gardens, and Curtilages to the faid Scite and capital Meffuage adjoining and belonging, and alfo all Lands, Meadows, Paflures, "Feedings, Commons, and Hereditaments commonly called The Demefnt Lands of the Manor of Paddington, and other the Lands, Hereditaments, and Premifes, n the faid Aft mentioned ; to hold for the Term of Ninety-nine Years, and to commence from the Day next before the Day of the Date of fuch Leafe, upon fuch Terms and fubjeft to fuch Reftriftions and Conditions and alfo with fuch Powers of Renewal as in the faid Aft are mentioned ; and it is in and by the faid Aft (among other Things) provided that there fhould be referved in fuch Leafe and renewed Leafes a chief Rent chargeable on the faid Lands, Meffuages, or Tenements and Hereditaments thereby to be demifed for the Benefit of the faid Lord Bifhop of London and his Succef-fors for the Time being, of Forty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence, and alfo One Third Part of the Rents, Iflues, Ground Rents, and other Profits referved and to be referved due and payable or arifing out of or from or which the fame Meffuages or Tenemenrs, Lands, Tyther., Hereditaments, and Premifes, and every Part thereof fhould be let for immediately before the palling of the faid Aft, and which the fame fhould from Time to Time be let for under the Leafes to be granted as thereinafter mentioned or otherwife, after dedufting in theFirft Place the faid Rent of Forty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence, a Penfion to the Curate of Paddington of One hundred and twenty Pounds a Year, Fifteen Pounds a Year to the Churchwardens of the Pari(h of Paddington, the Land Tax and fuch other Taxes as fhould or might be thereafter impofed on the Leffcr or Landlord in refpeft of the faid Premifes; and which faid Annual Sums of One hundred and twenty Pounds and fifteen Pounds are charged upon certain Parts of the Premifes fo to be dennfed; and it is in and by the faid Aft (among other Things) further provided th it there be a Convenant inferred in fuch Leafe and Leafes fo to be granted and renewed as aforefaid, that they the faid Thomas Wood, Sir John Frederick and Arthur Stanhope, their Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns, or any fucceeding Truftee or Truffees to be appointed as aforefaid, their or his Executors, Adminiftrators, or Afilgns, (hould not leafe or demife any Part of the faid Hereditaments and Premifes to be comprifed in the Leafes fo to be granted to t.hem as aforefaid (except as in the faid Aft mentioned) ; and that there fhould alfo be inferted in the Leafes fo to be granted by the faid Lord Bifhop and hisSucceffors a Provifo or Power authorizing the laid Thomas Weed, Sir John Frederick, and Arthur Stanhope, their Executors, Adminiffracors, or Afligns, or any fuc-ceeding Truftee or Truffees to be appointed as aforefaid, their or his Executors, Adminiffrators, or Afligns, to demife, leafe, or grant any Part of the faid Meffuages, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premifes, comprifed in the Leafe or Leafes F> to be granted by the Bifhop of London and his Succeffors as aforefaid, not exceeding Two hundred Acres thereof, without Application to Parliament lor further Powers, unto any Per-fon or Perfons who fhould be willing to build upon, rebuild, or fubffan-tially repair the fame in the Manner by the Leafe ot refpeftive Leafes to be granted thereof, to be fpecified for any Term or Number of Years abfe-lute, not exceeding Ninety-eight Years; and fo as there be referved in and by fuch Leafes, Demiles, or Grants refpeftively the beff: and mod improved yearly Rent that could be reafonably had or gotten for the fame;

and

45* GE OR Oil III. Cap. 142.

and fo as that (amongfl other Reftriftions, Provifoes, and Conditions, in the faid Aft mentioned) fuch Underlettings of the faid Mefluages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premifes, Ihould from Time to Time be let by public Auftion to the bed Bidder, and who Ihould be approved of by the faid Lord Bifhop of London and his SuccefTors for the Time being, and fuch LelTee or LelTees of the See of London as aforefaid, as an eligible Perfon to take the fame, and that Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of every fuch Lettings Ihould be given Ten Days previous thereto to the faid Lord Bifhop of London, or his SuccefTors for the Time being, or his Steward for the Time being, by the faid LelTees for the Time being, in the Leafes to be granted by the faid Bifhop and his SuccefTors as aforefaid, Rating the Quantity of Land, Hereditaments, and Premifes, then intended to be let, and the Number of Lots, and fo that as to all Pieces or Parcels or Land which fhould be fo let for building Houfes, whofe Breadth in Front fhould be Twenty- eight Feet and upwards, no more than one fuch Piece or Parcel of Land fhould be comprifed in one Lot on every fuch Letting, and fo that as to all Pieces or Parcels of Land for building Houfes of fmaller Dimenfions, no more that One hundred Feet in Breadth in Front fhould be comprifed in One Lot on every fuch Letting, and fo as that fuch Under Leffees refpeftively fhould. be bound to build thereupon within fuch Period of Time after the Date of their refpeftive Leafes as fhould be in fuch reTpeftive Leafes afeertained, and agreeable to fuch Plan as fhould be approved by the faid Lord Bifhop of London and his SuccefTors and the faid Leffees for the Time being, and fo as the Ground Rents thereby to be referred be in due Time amply fecured, otherwife fuch Under Leafe or Leafes were declared to be void, and fo that One-third Part of the Rent to be refervedupon fuch Under Leafes refpeftively fhould be referved and made payable to the faid Lord Bifhop of London and his SuccefTors for the Time being, fubject as therein-before mentioned, and the remaining Two third Parts thereof fubjeft as therein-before mentioned to the faid Thomas Wood, Sir John Frederick, and Arthur Stanhope, their Executors, Adminiftra-tors, and Afligns, and to the Truftees and Truftee for the Time being, to be appointed as therein-before mentioned, their or his Executors, Ad-miniftrators, or Afiignsj and it is in and by the faid Aft provided and declared that nothing therein contained fhall preclude any one Perfon from taking any Number of fuch Under Leafes if fo approved of as aforefaid, fo as that no more Land be contained in any one of fuch Under Leafes than is therein-before mentioned in that Behalf, and fo as that no one Perfon fhould hold together more than Fifteen Acres of the faid Land: And whereas by another Aft paffed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of Hi* faid prefent Majefty, inticuled. An Act for a'tering and amending the faid recited Afl, and for granting further Powers the better to carry into Execution the Purpofes of the fame Aid, after reciting the faid recited Aft in pan to the efftft herein-before recited, and alfo reciting that Robert Thistlethwayte the eldefl Son of Robert Thistlethwayte Eiquire and Selina his Wife, named in the faid recited Aft, died an Infant under the Age of Twenty-one Years, and Alexander Thistlethwayte the Second Son of the faid Robert Thistlethwayte and Selina his Wife attained his Age of Twenty-one Years, but afterwards, to wit on the Twenty-fourth Day of February One thoufand eight hundred and one, departed this Life inteflate and without Iffue, but leaving Eliza Mary 'Thistlethwayte his Wife then his Widow, and the faid Robert Thistlethwayte his Father his next of Kin 0	him

2j60

4S*GE0RGII III. Cap. 142.

hitivfurviving, and that the raid Robert Thistletbwayte the Father died In the Month of Ocfober One thoufand tight hundred and two, having made his Will dated the riiirry.fi/fl Diy of May One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, and thereby appointed his Brother-in-Law the Right Ile-rourahle Phillip Earl o{Chesterfield, his Brother the Reverend Alexander Thhtlttlm yte, his Brother in-Law the faid Arthur Stanhope, and William Strong Eft}1 lire, Executors thereof, who had all fince duly proved the laid Will in the Prerogative Court of tl\e Arhbifiiop of Canterbury ; and alfo reciting that the rdhaining the Letting of the faid Ellate to public Auction only in Manner required by the faid Act had been found to be very pre-judical to the Imerefts of the Parties interefted in the faid Effate and a great Check to the future Improvement thereof, and it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the See of London and the other Parties interefted in the faid Effate if Powers were given to the Leffees for the Time being in the Leaks granted and to be granted by the laid Lord Bilhop or his Succefibrs as afore-laid, to treat and contract for the Letting thereof by private Contrail, and other Powers were given f >r the better carrying into Execution thetPur-pofesofthe aforefaid Aft, it was, upon the Prayer of the laid Bcilby Lord Bi'hop of London, the faid Sir John Frederick and Arthur Stanhope, Sir ‘John Morfi:ead Baronet and Dame Elizabeth his Wife, and Frederick Treife Moijh.ad, Selina 'Thistletbwayte, Eliza Mary Thistletbwayte, the faicl Earl of Chesterfield, the Reverend Alexander Thistletbwayte, Arthur Stanhope, and Wiliam Strong, enafted that fo much tf the faid firft mentioned Aft as is herein-before recited (that is to fay; 4 that fuch Underlettings of the faid

*	Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premifes, fhou'id 6 from lime to Time be by public Auftion to the beft Bidder, and who

*	fliould be approved of by the faid Lord Bi/hop of London and his Suc-

*	ceflbrs for the Time being, and fuch Leffee or Leffees of the See of c London as aforefaid, as an eligible Perfon to take the fame, and that 4 Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of every fuch Letting be given

* Ten Days previous thereto, to the faid Lord Bilhop of London or his

* Succefibrs for the Time being, or his Steward for the Time being,

‘ by the faid Leffees for the Time being, in the Leafes to be granted by ‘ the faid Lord Bi/hop and] his Succefibrs as aforeffid, Hating the Quan-£ tity of Land, Hereditaments, and Premifes then intended to be let, and the

*	Number of Lots, and fo that as to all Pieces or Parcels of Land which 4 Ihould be fo let for building Houfes whofe^Breadth in Front Humid 4 be Twenty-eight Feet and upwards, no more than one fuch Piece or 4 Parcel cfLand fliould be comprifed in oneLot on every fuch Letting,

*	and fo that as to ail Pieces or Parcels of Land for building Iloufcs 4 of fmaller Dunenfions, no more than One hundred Feet in Breadth in 4 Front fliould be comprifed in One Lot on every fuch Letting, and fo as 4 that no more Land be contained in any one of fuch Under Leafes than.

4	is therein-before mtntioned in that Behalf/ be repealed, and the fame was thereby repealed accordingly; and it was thereby enafted, that in lieu of fo much of the faid recited Aft relpe&ing the Letting by Auftion as was thereby repealed as aforefaid, it might "and fliould be lawful to and for the Leffees or Leffee for the Time being, in the Leafe and Leafes granted and to be granted by the faid LordBfhop and his Succeffors as aforefaid and the Executors, Adminillrators, or Afligns, of Lcn Lefl’ees or Leffee, and he and they were thereby authorized and empowered, but with the previous Confent and Approbation of the faid Beilby Lord Bilhop of London and his Succefibrs Lr the Time being, to be flguified



•-.ji

flail

Ufo

'®da

! $!it>

lee of (bat 'iVen ■t his CCS» rdby >11211* id the rhich lotid t or

n> $$& i in 5 as hail

jfflC

tin

ro

ifes

as

fees

&

id	I

d	j

it

48“ GEORG 11 III. ■ Cap.x\±.	2761

by any Writing under his Hard, to treat by private Contrail or othefr-wife a^ fuch Leffees or Leffer, his or their Executors, Adminiftrators, or Afligns, Ihojld think mod proper and beneficial for the Intereft of the faid See and Leffees or Leflee, with any Perlon or Perfons willing to build upon, rebuild or fubftantially repair for a Leafe or Leafes of and accordingly to demife, leafe, or grant all or any Part of the Two hundred Acres of Land in the faid therein recited Ad mentioned to be let for building upon in the Manner by the Leafe or refpedive Under Leafes to be granted thereof to be fpecified, for any Term or Number of Years abfolute not exceeding Ninety-eight Years; provided that the faid Lord Bifhop cf London for the Time being be a Party to all fuch Under Leafes; and provided that the feverai Powers, Refcrvations, and Provifions in the faid Act referved and contained be. fully provided for in fuch Under Leafes fo to be granted as aforefaid, fave only as by the faid now reciting Ad the fame were repealed, and in and by the faid Ad now in recital feveral Powers and Authorities were given and granted to the Lelfees or Leflee for the Time being in the Leafe and Leafe> granted and to be granted by the faid Truftees as aforefaid, their Executors, Adminiftrators, or Afligns, to be exercifed with the Confeiit and Appro bation inWriting under the Hand of the faid Beilby Lord Bifhop of London and his Succefl'ors; and it was by the fame Ad enaded that the faid Frederick Treife Morfhead and Henry Frederick Thifllethwayte Efquire, one of the Sons of the laid late Robert Thifllethwayte by the laid Selina Thif-tlethwayte, fhould be and they were thereby appointed Truftees in the Room and Place of the faid 'Thomas IFood deceafed, of all and Angular the faid T uft Eftates and Premiles; and that they the faid Frederick Treife Vorjhead and Henry Frederick Thistletbwayte were thereby veiled with all fuch Powers and Authorities jointly with the faid Sir John Frederick and Arthur Stanhope as if they h d been named originally Truftees in the faid therein recited Ad: And whereas by an Ad paffed in the Forty-fiftn Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Acl 45 G* 3-for granting further Powers, the better to carry into Execution the faid recited Ad of the Thirty fifth Tear of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, after reciting the faid recited Ads in Part to the Effed herein-before Tec ted, and alfo reciting that confiderable Progrefs had been made for carrying into Execution the faid Ads, but Doubts had arifen whether the Truftees of the original Leafe lor the Time being, though with the Confent of the faid Lord Bilhop or his Succefl'ors, had a Power under the faid Ads or either of them to enter into Contracts for granting Building Leafes at aRentto be fpecified in the Contrad payable for the whole Ground agreed to be demifed, and afterwards as the Houles or Buildings fhould be completed or covered in to grant feparate Leafes of luch Houfes or Buildings at feparate Rents amounting in the Whole to the Rent originally coatraded for, which Mode of contrading was by Experience found to be a neceffary Preliminary to the granting ^of any fuch L eafe, and it had been found impradicable on account of fuch Doubt to effed the beneficial Purpofes of the faid firft mentioned Ad; it was upon the Prayer of the faid Beilby Lord Bifhop of London and the faid Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife Morfhead, and Henry Frederick Thistletbwayte, Truftees as aforefaid, the faid Sir John Morfheadand Dame Elizabeth his Wife, the faid Frederick Treife Morfhead in his own Right, the laid Selina Thiftletbwayte, Eliza Mary Thjllethwatye, the faid Earl of Chesterfield, ch» Reverend Alexander Thistletbwayte,

[£sr. tiPer.]	31^	Arthur



2762	48°GEOftGII	III.	Cap. 142.

Arthur Stanhope, and IVilliam Strong, ena&ed, that from and after paffinS the faid Aft now in recital, it fhould and might be lawful to and for the Leffees or Leffee for the Time being in the Leafe and Leafes granted and to be granted by the faid Lord Bifhop of London and his Succeffors as aforefaid, and the Executors, Adminiftrators^ and Afligns of fuch Leffees or Leffee, and they and he were thereby authorized and empowered, but with the Confent and Approbation of the faid Lord Bifhop and his Succeffors for the Time being, to be fignified by any Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, from Time to Time to contract and agree to demife, leafe, or grant any Part or Parts of the aforefaid Meffuages, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premifes, not exceeding Two hundred Acres, authorized by the faid fir ft recited Aft to be let for building tpon or rebuilding, with the Appurtenances, to ajiy Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, for any Term not exceeding Ninety-eight Years from the Date of fuch Contract or Agreement, to take effeft in Poffeffion and not in Remainder or by way of future Intereft, and at and under the belt Yearly Rent or Rents that could be reafonably had or gotten at the Time of fuch Contract or Agreement, for the Land or Premifes to be therein comprifed, without taking any Sum of Money or other Thing by way of Fine, Premium, or Foregift for or in refpeft of the lame ; and afterwards from Time to Time when and as the Land fo agreed to be let or any Part or Parts thereof Ihould be built upon in the Manner ftipulated in any fuch Contract or Agreement, and the Building Ihould be corered in or proceeded in to the Extent mentioned in fuch Contract or Agreement, with the Privity, Confent, and Approbation of the faid Lord Bilhop of London or his Succeffors for the Time being, by One or more Indentuie or Indentures, to demife and leafe the Land lo agreed to be let on fuch Part or Parts thereof as Ihould be fo built upon, together with the Houfe or Houfes and other Buildings thereupon erefted and built, unto the Perfon or Perfons contracting to take the fame as aforefaid, or unto fuch other Perfon or Perfons as they Ihould nominate and appoint in that Behalf for and during the Remainder of the Term to be fpecified in iuch Contraft or Agreem nt, and in fuch Parts and Parcels and under and fubjeft to fuch Parts and Proportions of the Yearly Rent or Rents to be fpecified in fuch Contract or Agreement as Ihould be Thought proper and convenient, but fo that the Yearly Rent to be referved upon any fuch Leafe, if it be greater than an equal Proportion rf the original Rent agreed to be referved for the Whole of the Land or Ground comprifed in the C ntraft or Agreement, did not exceed One-feventh Part of the clear Yearly Rack Rent cr Value of the Land and Buildings to be by fuch Leafe demifed, and fo that the Yearly Rent to be referved by any Le-feto be granted in purfuance of the faid Aft now in recital be not in any Cafe lefs than Forty Shillings, and provided alfo that the Lord Bilhop of London for the Time being be a Party to all fiich Leafes: And whereas by Indenture of Alignment bearing Date on Indenture, or about the Twenty-fourth Day of July One thoufand eieht hundred and 34 July iioy. £ven? ancj made between the faid Eilza Mary Thijllethwayte of the one Part, and Thomas Thntkthwayte bfquire of the other Part, after reciting (among other Things) that the faid Eliza Mary Thistle: jayte had obtained Letters of Adrniniftration to theEftate and Effects of the faid Alexander ? hist let hwayte her late Hulband decea!ed,andwas ' ccome entitled to One-half of One-third of his Lftate and Effects as her riidribuiive Share thereof, it was witneffed that for the Confideration th ein exprefLd (he the faid. Elmo. Alary Thistlethwayte did afiign unto the faid Thomas Thistelthxvayte

all

&

at

n

Ktt

ri,

ad

ier

&

•red

ODS

the

rot

belt

ISC

an

of

'is

ay

in

I IB

tich

k

iro

to

ia

ia

a

or

bs

be

on

er

d

o

a

id

e

i

48* GEORGII III. Cap.Hi.

*11 that Moiety or equal Half Part of One-third Part, being One fixth Part or Share to which Ihe the faid Eliza Mary Thistlethwayte was entitled in her own Right as the Widow and Adminiftratrix of the faid Alexander Thistle!hwayte her late Hufband deceafi d, of, in, or to all that the faid Scite of the Manor oi Paddington and other the Mefluages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments more particularly defcribed and comprifed in the faid firft recited Aft, fubjeft to the Life Eftate of the (aid Selina This-llethwayte, to hold the fame after the Deceafe of the faid Selina Thistle-thwayte, unto the faid Thomas Thistlethwayte, his Executors, Adminiltra-tors, and Afligns, to and for his and their own Ufe and Benefit abfolutely:

And whereas feveral of theC laufes and Provifions contained in the faid recited Afts and in Part herein-before recited are the Caufe of great Inconvenience and Embarraifinents to the feveral Leffors and Leflees of the faid Eftates; and it would be highly to the Advantage to allPerfon* interefted therein if the fame were altered, varied, and repealed, and other Powers were given for the better carrying into Execution the Purposes of the faid Afts; but inafmuch as the feveral Purpofes aforefaid cannot be effefted without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; therefore Your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal Subjefts the faid Beilby Lord Bifhop of London on Behalf of himfelf and his Succeifors, and the faid Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife Morjhead, and Henry Frederick Thiftlet hwayte, Trufleesas aforefaid, the faid Sir John Morjhead and Dame Elizabeth his Wife, the faid Frederick Treife Morjhead in his own Right, the faid Selina ThrJUethwav/e, the faid Earl of Chester-field, the Reverend Alexander Thi tletbwoyte, Arthur Stanhope, and William .	'-':j

Strong, and the faid Thomas Thistlethwayte, do mod humbly befeech Your Majefly, that it may be enafted; and be n enafted by the King’s mod Excellent Majedy by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament alfembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That fo much of the faid fiid recited Aft Certain Part* &s is herein-after recited'that is to fay) 4 That there (hall alfo beinferted fcjJalS*.1'

‘ in the Leafes fo to be granted by the faid Lord Bifhop and his SuccefTors 4 a Provifo or Power authorizing the faid Thomas Wood, Sir John Frederick,

4 and Arthur Stanhope their Executors, Adminidrators and Afligns, or 4 any fucceeding Truflee or Trudees to be appointed as aforefaid, their 6 or his Executors, Adminidrators, or Afligns, to demife, leafe, or grant 4 any Part of the faid Mefluages, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premiftrs 4 comprifed in the Leafe and Leafes fo to be granted by the Bifliop of

*	Londsn and his Succdlors as aforefaid, not exceeding Two hundred 4 Acres thereof, without Application to Parliament for further Powers,

4 unto any Perfon or Perlqns who fhall be willing to build upon, rebuild,

4 or fubdantially repair the fame in the Manner by the Leafe or refpre-4 tive Leafes to be granted thereof, to be fpecified for any Term or 4 Number ol Years absolute not exceeding Ninety-eight Years (provided 4 that the faid Lord Bifliop for the Time being be a pauy to all fuch

•	Under Leafes) to take Effeft in Pofleflion and not in Reverfion or by 4 way of future Intereft, with Liberty for the LeflR-e or Leffees to take 4 down all or any Part or Par:s of the Buildings ftanding upon thePre-4 mifes in any fuch Leafe or Leafes to be refpeftively comprifed, and to ‘ convert and difpofe of the Materials thereof to luch Uf'es and Purpofes 4 as fhall be therein mentioned and agreed upon, and alfo to lay out and 4 appropriate any Part of the Premifes to be comprifed in fuch Leafe or 4 Leafes as or for a Garden or Gardens to the Meffuage or Mdfuajie*

< which may be built upon the Premifes, or as or for a Way or Wavs,

7	*	Paflag*

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 142.

Paffage or PaiFages for the Ufe and Convenience of the Leflee or Lefice* or other Tenants or Occupiers of the Premifes, or as public Street, Squares, Path's, and P»ffages,loas thcie be referved in and by fuch Leafes, Demifes, or Grarts refpectiveiy the belt and molt improved yearly Rent that can be reafonably had or gotten for ihe fame, to be made payable quarterly tree from all Deductions whatfoever without any Fine, Premium, or Foregift, or any Thing i.> the Nature of a Fine being taken for the making thereof, and lo as there be contained in fuch Demifes or Leafes refpc&iveiy Covenants from the refpeitlve Leffees to build and keep in Rcpur the Meffuages, E reft ions, and Buildings wbi.h maybe agreed to be ereCE-d and built on the Permifes, and a!fo .fubftantially to rebuild and repair the Meffuages and Buildings built and agreed or intended to be rebuilt or repaired only, and to keep the Buildings in fuch Leafes refpe&ively infured from Damage by Fire to the Amount of Four-fifths of the Value thereof in fome of the public Offices for infuring againlt Damage by Fire, and to furrender and leave in Repair the MelTuages, Erections, and Buildings to be ere&ed and built or rebuilt and repaired upon the Premifes thereby refpectiveiy to be leafed at the End of the Term or Terms in fuch Leafes granted, and fo as there be contained in fuch Demifes or Leafes refpe&ively all fuch other ufual. and proper Covenants, Provifoes, and Conditions, on the Parts of the refpe&ive LelTees as are ulually contained in Building Leafes near the City of London or in the County of Middlefex, and fo as there be alfo contained in fuch Demifes or Lealies refpe&ively Conditions of Re-entry for Non-payment of the Rent to be thereby referved or Non-performance of the Covenants, Provifoes, or Conditions on the Part of the refpe&ive Leffees, and io as the refpe&ive Leffees, do feverally execute Counterparts of their refpe&ive Leafes, and fo that fuch Under-Leffees refpectiveiy fhall be bound to build thereupon within fuch a Period of Time alter the Date of their refpe&ive Leafes as lhall be in fuch refpe&ive Leafes afeertairied, and agreeable to fuch a Plan as fliall be app oved by the laid Lord Bilhop of London and his Succeffors and the faid Leffees for the Time being, and fo as the Ground Kents thereby to be referved be in due Time amply fecured, otherwiie fuch Under Leafe or Leafes lhall be void, and fo as fuch Leafes be refpe&ively approved by the Lord Bilhop of Lo-ndon and his Succeffors for the Time b ing, or his or their Agents, before the Execution thereof, and fo that One-third Part of the Rent to'be referved upon l’uch Under Leafes refpectiveiy lhall be ref-rved and made payable in Manner aforefaid to the faid Lord Bilhop of London and his Succeffors for the Timebeing, fubjed as aforefaid, and the remaining Two-third Parts thereof fubject as aforefaid to the laid Thomas Wood, Sir John Frederick and Arthur Stanhope, their Executors, Adminiftrators, a: J Afiigns, and to the Trultees and Truffee for the Time being, to be appointed as aforefaid, their or his Executors, Adnhniltrators, or Afiigns, and fo tnat no more Land fhall be demifed for making new Buildings thereon than what fuch Under-Leffees refpt&ively lhall covenant to cover with fubftancia! Buildings, except lb much only as. fhall. be neceifary for convenient Yards, Area>, and Garbensr thereto, and alfo except fuch Part and Parts thereof as lhall be allotted and let out, with the Approbation and Confent-of.-the faid Lord Bilhop and his Succeffors for the Time: being as aforefaid, for Roans, Paths, and Streets or Squares, and fo, that in fuch Under Leafes fo to be

4 made

2

jd_8* GEGRGU III. Cup*!42*

*	made and gtanted refpe&ively in pursuance of the faid Aft now in 4 recital (hall be contained all fuch neccflarv Covenants and Clauses as

*	are ufuai in Building or Repairing- Leafes refpefhvely near the City of 4 London or in the County of Middlcfex, and lor digging for Brick, 4 Tile, Clay, Sand, Loam, or Gravel to be ufed upon the fame Premifes, 4 and for the Improvement thereof but not otherwife : Provided alfo,

*	that there fhall be at leal! three Counterparts of fuch Under Leafes ref-

*	pe&ively, and that one of fuch Counterparts (trail be delivered to the 4 faid Lord Bifhop and his Succeflors for the Time being, of to feme 4 Perfon or Perfons to be appointed by the faid Lord^ Bifhop and his 4 Succeflors for the Time being, to receive the fame, and that the Sum 1 of Six Shillings and Eight-pence fhall be paid by the faid Under-leffees

*	refpe&ively to fuch Perfon or Perfons with every Counterpart of 4 fuch Leafe fo delivered, as a Fee for his regiflering the fame in the 4 Name of the faid Lord Bifliop and his Succeflors for the Lime being, 4 or as he or they fhall diredt or appoint, and that two other of fuch 4 Counterparrs fhall be delivered to the faid Thomas, Wood, Sir Joint 4 Frederick, and Arthur Stanhope, their Executors, Adminillrators, or 4 Afligns, or theTruflces or Truftee for the Time being, to be appointed 4 as aforefaid, their or his Executors, Adminiltrators, or Afligns, 1 be repealed, and the lame is hereby repealed accordingly : Subject nevertheless and without Prejudice to any Leafes already g-anted under or by virtue of and purfuant to the Powers in the faid recited Acls of Parliament or any of them, and alfo fubjecl and without Prejudice to any Leafe or Leafes to be thereafter granted in putfuance of the fame Acls or any of them, and in Performance of any Contract or Contract for a Leafe or Leafes which have or hath been entered into for granting any Leafe or Leafes under or by virtue of and purfuant to the Powers of the fame Adis or any of them ; but nothing contained in this Provifion (hail extend to any Leafes which fhall be granted with the Aflent of the Leflee or Leflees purfuant to the Powers herein-after contained.

II. And be it further enadled, That in lieu of fo much of the faid flrfl recited Ad refpeding the granting of Leafes as is hereby repealed as aforefaid, that from and after palling this Ad it fhail and may be lawful to and for the Leflees cr Leflee for the Time being, in the Leafe and Leafes granted and to be granted by the faid Lord Bifhop of London and his Succeflors as aforefaid, and the Executors, Adminillrators, and Afligns of fuch Leflee or Leflees, and they and he are and is hereby authorized and empowered to demife, leafe, or grant any Part of the faid Mefluages, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premifes, comprifed in fuch Leafe and Leafes, not exceeding Two hundred Ao es, without Application to Parliament for further Powers, unto any Perfon or Perfons who fhall have built upon, rebuilt, or fubftantially repaired, or who fhall have contradled or he willing to build upon, rebuild, or to fubftantially repair the fame, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as he or they fhall nominate or appoint, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Ninety-eight Years from the Date or Commencement cf any fuch Under Leafe (provided that the faid Lord Bifliop for the Time being be a Pa^y to all fuch Under Leafes) to take effedt in PofTeflion and not in Reverfion or by way of future lnterefl, with Liberty for the Leflee or Leflees, his, her, or their Executors, Adminiftrators, or Afhgns, to take down ail or any Part or Parts of the Buildings (landing upon the Premifes in

2766	4:8°GEORGiI	III.	Cap. 142.

any fuch Under Leafe or Under Leafes to be refpeSively comprifed, anij

to convert and difpoleof the Materials thereof to fuch Ules and Purpofes as fhal) be therein mentioned jnd agreed upon, 2nd alfo to lay out and appropriate any Part of the Premifes to be comprised in fuch Under Lea e or Un-’er Leafes as or for a Yard or Yards, Garden or Gardens, to the Mdfuage or Mdfuages which may be built upon the Premifes, or as or for a Way or Ways. Pafl'age or railages, for the Ufe and Convenience ofth, Lefiee or Lefiees, or other Tenants or Occupiers of the Premifes, or as public Streets, Squares. Paths, and Paffager, fo as there be contained in fuch Deinifes or Under Leafes refpedively Covenants from the refpe&ive Leff'ees to keep in Repair, or as the Cafe may require, to complete and keep in Repair the MefTuages, Ere&ions, and Buildings which may be ere&ed or which may be agreed to be ere&cd and built on the Premifes, or lubflantially (to rebuild and repair the Meiiuages and Buildings intended to be rebuilt or repaired only, and to keep the Buildings in fuch Under Leafes refpeCtively infured from Damage by Fire to the Amount of Four-fifths of the Value thereof, in fome of the public Offices for infurlng againft Damage by Fire, and to furrender and leave in Repair the fame at the End of the Term or Terms by fuch Under Leafes to be granted, and lo as there be contained in fuch Demifes or Under Leafes refpeftiveiy Conditions of Reentry for Non-payment of the Rent to be thereby referved, or Nonperformance of the Covenants, Provifoes, or Conditions to be therein contained on the Part of the refpective Lefiees, their Executors, Admi-niftrators and Affigns, and fo as each fuch Under Leafe be refpedively approved by the faid Lord Biffiop of London for the Time being, teftified by his executing the fame, and fo as the refpedive Lefiees do feverally execute Counterparts of their refpe&ive Under Leafes, and fo that One-third Part of the Kent to be referved upon fuch Under Leafes refpedively fhall be referved and made payable to the faid Lord Bifhop and his Succefffors for the Time being, and the remaining Two-third Parts thereof to the faid Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick \Freife Morjhead, and Henry Frederick Thijilethwayte, their Executors, Adminittrators, and Affigns, and to the Truftees and Truftee for the Time being to be appointed in the Place or Stead of them or any of them, their or his Executors, Adminiftrators, or Affigns, and that a Counterpart of every fuch Under Leafe fhall be delivered to the faid Lord Biffiop for the Time being, or to fome Perfon or Perfons to be appointed by the faid Lord Bifhop for the Time being to receive the lame, and that the Sum of Six Shillings and Eight-pence fhal] be paid by the faid Under-Leffees refpedively to fuch Perfon or Perfons with every Counterpart of fuch Under Leafe fo delivered as a Fee for his registering the fame; and that the Certificate in Writing under the Hand or Hands of the Lord Bifhop for the Time being or of the Perfon or Perfons fo appointed by him, that he or they hath or have received fuch Courterpart, fhall be conclufive Evidence of the Delivery of fuch Counterpart.

Chief Rent. Hi. And whereas the aforefaid Chief Rent of Forty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence, directed to be referved to the faid Lord Bifhop of London and his Succeffors for the Time being by the laid Firft recited Act, in the Leafe and renewed Leafes granted and to be granted by him or them purfuant to the faid Act, is a Charge oil the w hole of ox -	the

4-8'GEORGII III. Cap. 142.	2

the Hereditaments and Premifes which the faid Lord Bifhop and his Sue-ceffors are empowered by the fame Act to demife, and is the Occasion of much Embarrafimtfnr and Inconvenience in the granting of iuch Under Leafes as aforefaid; be it therefore enafted, That all the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments comprifed in the feveral Under Leafes granted or to be granted in purfuance and exercifc of the Powers exprciTed and contained in the faid recited Acts or in this Aft, or any of them, fhall from henceforth, during the Continuance of all fuch Under Leafes be exonerated and indemnified of and from the Payment of the faid Chief Rent or yearly Sum of Forty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence referved and to be referved in fuch Leafe and renewed Leafes andevery Part thereof, and the fame are hereby exonerated and indemnified accordingly.

IV. And whereas no Demife or Leafe under the Provifions contained Rjpenl in the firft recited Aft can be made without the Confcnt in Writing of the faid Sir John Morjhead and Dame Elizabeth his Wife, Robert Thijlle-tbivaye and Selina his Wife, under their refpeftive Hands executed in the Prefence of and attefted by Two or more credible Witneffes ; which has been found to be attended with great Inconvenience and Expence ; be it therefore cnafted, That fo much of the faid firfi recited Aft as is herein-after recited (that is to fay) 4 That notwithflanding any Thing ‘ in the faid firfi recited Aft contained, it fhall not be lawful for the 4 faid Thomas Wood, Sir John Frederick, and Arthur Stanhope, or the 4 Survivors or Survivor of them, his Executors or Adminiftrators, or for 4 the fucceeding Truftees or Truftee for theTime being to be appointed 4 as aforefaid, to make any Demife or Leafe under the Authority of the ‘ faid Aft during the refpeftive Lives of the faid Sir John Morfoead and * Dame Elizabeth his Wife, Robert Thifllethwayie and Selina his Wife,

‘ without their refpeftive Confents teflified in Writing under their 4 refpeftive Hands, executed in the Prefenc.eof and attefted by Two or 4 mere credible Witneffes, * be repealed, and the fame is hereby repealed accordingly.

V.	And whereas it was in and by the faid recited Aft of the Forty- Bricks fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Mnjefty among other Things Ti!ei> enafted. that it might and fhould be lawful to and for the LeiTees or Leffee for the Time being in the Leafe and Leafes ‘granted and to be granted by the faid Truftees as aforefaid, their Executors, Adminiftrators, or Affigns, with the Confent and Approbation in Writing under the Hand of the faid Beilby Lord Bifhop of London and his Succeffors for the Time being, to contraft with any Perfon or Perfons whornfoever willing and defirous to make Bricks or Tiles from the Brick Earth, Clay, Loam, Marl, Sand or other Soil of the faid Eftate, and with any Com-milfioner or Commiflioners, Truftee or Truftees, Surveyor or Surveyors of the Aclon, Harrow), and Edgware Roads Trufts, or of any other public Roads, their Agents or Managers, willing to treat for Gravel,

Sand, Ballaft, or other Materials, Part of the Soil of the faid Eftate, for the Sale of all or any fuch Materials at t he beft Price that could be rea-fonably had or gotten for the fame, for the Purpofe -of making Main Drains, making and gravelling Streets, Square, Lanes, and for paving Streets and erefting Bridge Way for the genera! Improvement of the faid Eftate, fo as that all fuch Sum or Sums of Money to be front Time to

37&S	48°	GEORGII	III.	CapA^i.

Time received for any fuch Brick or Tile Earth, Clay, Gravel, Loam, Marl, Sand, Ballad, and other Materials, be by them the faid Lord Bilhop of London and his SuccelTors for the Time being, and the Leflees or Leffee for the Time being in the Leafe and Leafes granted and to be granted by the faid Lord Biihop artd his SuccelTors as aforefaid, and the Executors, Adminiflrators, or Affigns of fuch Leflees or Lelfee, after retaining thereout any Sum not exceeding Five hundred Pounds to an-fwer the immediate and necelTary Purpofes of the A£t, paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity cf the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there c exparte the faid Bcilby Lord Bilhop of London and his SuccelTors c for the Time being and his Leflees,’ purfuant to the Method prefcribed by the Ad of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Fir ft, Chapter Thirty-fecond, and the General Orders of the laid Court, and without Fee or Reward* according to the Ad cf the Twelfth Year of King George the Second, Chapter Twenty-fourth ; and it was further enaded, that out of the Monies to arife by the Sale of the faid Premiles as aforefaid, all the Cofts, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the applying for and obtaining and palling the faid Ad now in Recital, mould in the firft Place be paid and fatisfied, and the Reft due and Surplus of the Monies to arife by fuch Sale and Sales of the Premil'es as aforefaid fhould, under the Order of His Majcity’s Court of Chancery, be paid to the faid Beilby Lord Bilhop of London and his SuccelTors for the Time being, and the fame Leflees or Leffee for the Time being, to be by them applied in paying and difcharging the Expences attending the making the faid Main Drains, and executing the other Purpofes t .erein-before mentioned, and in paying and difcharging all other reafonaole Colts, Charges, and Expences incident to the Execution of the laid A& now in recital or the faid fir ft recited A£t: And whereas the Monies that have been already raifed by the Sale of the faid Brick or Tile Earth, Clay, Gravel, Loam, Sand, Baliaft, and other Materials purfuant to the above recited Power, have been found totally inadequate for Payment of the aforefaid Colts, Charge?, and Expences, and for the Purpofes of making Main Drains, making and gravelling Streets, Squares, I.anes, and for paving Streets and ere&ing Bridge-ways for the general Improvement of the faid Eftate as dire&ed by the faid recited Adt of the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of Hi* prefent Majefty ; and forafmuch as it is highly expedient, and will tend greatly to the Improvement of the fame Eitate, if further and additional Powers were given for carrying into The Ejhteto Execution the Purpofes of the fame Ad: Be it therefore enaded. That e c .a.gei, from ant» affer tjje pgflflng of this Ad it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Beilby Lord Biff op of London and his Succeflors for the Time being, and the faid Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treije Morjhead, and Henry Frederick ThiJHeihwayte, and the Survivors and Survivor of them the faid Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife MorJJoead, and Henry Frederick Thi/Uethw&yte, his Executors, Adminifhators, or Affigns, or any fucceeding Truftees or Truftee to be appointed as aforefaid, their or his Executors, Admini-llrators, or Affigns, by any Deed or Deeds, Inltrument or Inftruments in Writing, to be by them fealed and delivered in the Prefence of and to be attefted by Two or more credible Witneffes, from Time to Time to fubjecT and charge the Whole or a competent Part of the laid Eftate; fubjeft without Prejudice to any Under Lcafes granted or agreed to be

granted



to it

Wilt

ton.

Mlttt

W«DSt

»Sin

iKiky

:Cwji & lud

talk

« B [he fiid

lent io S bo? ! e£iiue miles

acery, 3i the . tube ogtbe : .eran* fomai? jid

Horn farth, nt to rmenr ies of .aaes, ?rove. Forty-is it is •jam!

• into

Ik

fiine

erid

iwrs

i Of 01-eats d to ,eto #; i je

48° GEORGII III/ Cap. 142;

granted as aforefaid, and alfofubje^t and without Prejudice to any Contract or Codtrids entered into or to be entered into for granting any fuch Under Leafe or Under Leafes; with the Payment of any Sum or Sums' of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Ten thoufand Pounds, as appears by the Schedule hereunto annexed, with lawful Intcreft for the fame from the Time when fuch Charge or Charges {hall be refpe&ively made ; and that for the Purpofe of facilitating as well the raifing as for effectually fecuring the Repayment of the fame Sum or Sums fo to be charged with Intereft, it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Beilby Lbrd Bifhop of London, and his Succeffors for the Time being, and the faid Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Trife Morjhead, and Henry Frederick Tbijtletbwayle, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, the faid Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife Mor-/head, and Henry Frederick Thijlleihwayte, his Executors, Administrators, or Afiigns, or any future Truftees or Truftee to be appointed as aforefaid, their or his Executors, Adminiftrators or Afiigns, by the fame or any other Deed or Deeds, Inftrument or Inflruments in Writing, to be by them executed as aforefaid, to make or execute any Alignment or Allignm-nts by way of Mortgage of a competent Part of the faid Hereditaments - and Premifes fo to be charged for all or any Parc of the the.- Eftate andintet'eft of the faid Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife Morjhead, and Henry Frederick Tbifilethwayte, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, his Executors, Adminiftrators, or Affigns theiein, to any Perfon or'Peffons willing to advance fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any‘Part or Parts thereof fo as that the Effate, Term, and Intereft fo to be granted by any fuch Alignment or Alignments, Mortgage or Mortgages, be made redeemable on full Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money fo to be railed charged and fecured, and the "Intereft for the fame as aftfrdaid.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That if the faid Beilby Lord Bifhop Annuities, of London and his Succeffors for the Time being, and the faid S r John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife Morjhead, and Henry Frederick Tbijlicthwayte, or the Survivors or Survivor of them the faid Sir John Frederick, Arthiir Stanhope, Frederick Treife Morjhead, and Henry Frederick Tbijllethwayie, his Executors, Adminiftrators, or Aligns, or any fucceeding Truftees or Truftee to be appointed as aforefaid, their or his Executors, Adminiftrators or Affrgns, fhall think it advi-fable or more advantageous to raife all or any Part of the faid Sum of Ten thoufand Pounds, by granting Annuities for Lives inftead of Mortgage as aforefaid, then it fhall be lawful for them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered by anv Deed or Deeds, Inftrument or In-ftruments, in Writing, to be by them fealed and delivered in the Prefence of and atrefted by Two or more credible Witneffes, to grant an Annuity or Annuities to anyPerfon or Perfons who fhall advance and pay to them the faid Beilby Lord Bifhop of London, or his Succeffors for the Time being, and the faid Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife Morjhead, and Henry Frederick Thijlletbwayte, their Executors, Adminiftrators, or Afiigns, or any fucceeding Truftees or Trufteb to be appointed as aforefaid, tfteir or his Executors, Adminiftrators, or Aftigns, any Sum or Sums of Money as to them fhall Lem right for the Ilk. V Perl]	£ 31 C	abfoluts

2J70	48*GEORGII III. Cap. 142-

abfolute Parchafc of any Annuity or Annuities to be paid and payable during the natural Life of every fuch Contributor or the natural Life of fuch Perfon as (hall be nominated by and on the Behalf of fuch Contributor at the Time of the Payment of his or her Contribution or Purchafe Money, fo that no fuch Annuity do exceed the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum upon a fmgle Life, except in fuch Cafes where the Perfon for whofe Life any Annuity lhall be paid be of the Age of Fifty Years or upwards, and to fubjeft and charge the Whole or a competent Part of the faid Ellate; fubjeft neverthelefs and without Prejudice as aforefaid with the Payment of fuch Annuity or Annuities accordingly, in fuch Manner as they lhall deem proper or expedient.

Jteferved VII. And whereas fome Doubts have been entertained whether fo

Renr.	much	of the faid recited Aft of the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His

prefent Majelty as declares 6 That the yearly Rent to be referred on 4 any fuch Leafe, if it be greater than an equal Proportion of the original * Rent agreed to be referved for the whole of the Land or Ground com-4 prifed in the Contraft or Agreement, do not exceed One-feventh Part 4 of the clear yearly Rack Rent or Value of the Land and Buildings to 4 be by fuch Leafe demifed,c intends that the referved Rent lhall not exceed One-feventh Part of the clear yearly Rack Rent of the Premiles at the Time of the Execution of the Leafe when the Houfes or Buildings are merely in the Shell or Carcafe, or at the Time when they are fit for Habitation ; in order therefore to remove fuch Doubts, be it enafted. That fo much of the faid recited Aft as requires that the referved Rent lhall not exceed One-feventh Part of the clear yearly Rack Rent or Value of the Lands and Buildings to be by fuch Leafe demifed, lhall be taken and confidered to mean at the Time when the Houfes or Buildings lhall be fit for Habitation.

Tht Ctnduit. VIII. And whereas there is a Conduit upon the faid Ellate belonging to the Corporation of London fituate near Bayfwater, and the Pipes or Drain therefrom and the Tanks or Wells connefted therewith for Applying the City and certain Parts of London with Water run through the lame Ellate diagonally, fo as to intercept the carrying on fuch building Improvements upon any eligible Plan ; it would therefore be highly defi-rable if the faid Beilby LordBilhop of London, and his Succefiors for the Time being, and the faid Trultees or Truftee for the Time being as aforefaid were empowered to treat with and give fuch Indemnification as the Corporation of the City of London may require for the removal or varying the Line of fuch Pipes or Drain and the Tanks or Wells connefted therewith, be it therefore enafted. That it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Beilby Lord Bilhop of London and his Succefiors for the Time being, and the laid Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Freife Morjhead, and Henry Frederick Fhist let hiuayte, and the Survivors and Survivor of them the faid Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife Morjhead, and Henry Frederick Thistlethwayte, his Executors, Adminiflrators, or Afligns, or any fuccecding Trultees or Truftee to be appointed as’aforefaid, their or his Executors, Adminifliators, or Affigns, and they and he are hereby authorized and empowered to treat 2	and

48' GEORGII III. Cap. 142.	2771

and agree with the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the faid City of London for the Time being, and their Succeffors, for the Removal or varying the Line or Courfe of the faid Pipes or Drain and the Tanks or Wells connected therewith, and alfo by and out of the Monies to be raffed purfuant to the Powers herein-after contained, to make Satisfaction and Compenfation to the faid Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London for the Time being, and their Succeffors, for all Damages which may be fuftained by them on any Part of the new Courfe of Pipes or Drain, Tanks or Wells intended to be made by the varying or removal of the faid prefent Pipes or Drain and the faid Tanks or Wells i Provided always, that nothing in this A61 contained {hall extend or be conftrued to extend fo as to enable the faid Beilby Lord Bifhop of London, and his Succeffors for the Time being, and the faid Sir John Frederick,

Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife Morjhead, and Henry Frederick Thijlle-thwayte, and the Survivors or Survivor of them, his Executors, Admini-ltrators, or Afligns, to make fuch Removal or Variation beyond the Lands and Premifes comprifed in this or any of the faid recited Afts; fo as no Removal or Variation of the Line or Courfe be made within One hundred Yards of the Bayfwater Stream, or within the Park called Hyde Park, or within Kerfington Gardens.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Mayor and Common- s vingto the alty and Citizens of the City of London for the Time being, and their ^London? Succeffors and Afligns, {hail have, ufe, and enjoy fuch and the like

Ingrefs, Egrefs, and Regrefs upon, out of, and to the Premifes where the faid new Courfe of Pipes or Drain and Tanks or Wells are ere&ed and laid, or intended to be ereCled and laid, to view and fee the State and Condition thereof, and to amend, repair, and remove the fame, and co do all fuch other Afts, Matters, and Things neceffary and needful for that Purpofe, as they now have, ufe, and enjoy, upon and over the Premifes where the prefent Pipes or Drain ai d Tanks or Wells are ere&ed and laid.

X.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That nothing herein Drain*, contained {hall extend or be conftrued to extend to authorize the making or forming any new Drain or Drains, Tunnel or Tunnels, except for the conveying and receiving the Water from the Conduit

as aforefaid, which {hall or may run into the Park called Hyde Park or Kenfington Gardens, or into any Drain or Drains or Tunnel or Tunnels running into or communicating with the fame Places, or either ot them.

XI.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Aft Commifflon-contained {hall extend or be deemed or conftrued to extend to pre- erscf Sewers, judice, diminilh, alter, or take away any of the Rights, Powers, or Authorities vefted in the Commiftioners of Sewers for the City and Liberty of kPeJiminJler, and Part of the County oi Middlejcx \ but all the

Rights, Powers, and Authorities vefted in them {hall be as good, valid, and eftedual, as if this Ad had not been made.

277 2

E*T*nce in Removal of Ppes and Drains.

Sceuiity for

advancing

Money.

48° GEORGII III. Cap ^2.

XII.	Anti whereas trie Removal of the laid Pipes or Drain and th® Tanks . 1 Wells cornered therewith will be attended with a confiderable 3L 1 ’ ,ce . he it therefore ena&ed, That from and after the palling of this Act, it (hail and may be lawful to and for the faid Eeilby Lord Bifhop of London, and his Succeffors for the Time being, and the laid 'ir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife Morjhead, Henry Frederick Thistlethivayte, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, the faid Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife Morjhead, and Henry Frederick Thistlethwayte, his Executors, Adminiftrators, or Affigns, or any fucceeding Truftees or Truftee to be appointed as aforefaid, their or his Executors, Adminiftrators, or Affigns, by any Deed or Deeds, Inftrument or Infir aments in Writing, to be by them fealed and delivered in the Prefence of and attefted by Two or more credible Witneffes, to fubje&and charge the Whole or a competent Part of the faid Eftate (lub-je£l and without Prejudice) with the Payment cf any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of Two thoqfand Pounds, as appears by the Schedule hereunto annexed, with lawful Interefl for the fame from the Time when fuch Charge or Charges fhall be rcfpe&i ely made; and that for the Purpole of facilitating as well the raifing as for effe&ually fecuring the Payment of the fame Sum or Sums fo to be charged with Interefl, it if all and may be lawful to and for the faid Beilby i ord Biffiop of London, and his Succeffors for' the Time being, and the faid Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treije Morjhead, and Henry Frederick Thistlethivayte, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, the faid Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife .Morjhead, and Henry Frederick Thistlethivayte, his Executors, Adminiftrators, or Affigns, or any fu ure Truftees or Truflee to be appointed as aforefaid, their or his I xecutors, Adminiflrators, or Affigns,. by the fame or any other Deed or Deeds, Inftrument or Inftruments in Writing, to be by them executed as aforefaid, to make or execute any Alignment or Alignments by way of Mortgage of a competent Part of the faid Hereditaments and Premifes fo to be charged for all or any Part of the then Eftace and Interefts of the faid Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife Mo fheaJ, and Henry Frederick Thistlethivayte, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, his Executors, Adminiflrators, or Affigns therein, to a,ny Perfon or Per-fons willing to advance fuc.h Sum 01 Sums of Money, or any Part or Parts thereof, fo as that the Eftate, Term, andlntereft, fo to be granted by any fuch Alignment or Alignments, Mortgage or Mortgages, be made redeemable on full Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money fo to be raifed, charged and feeureck and the Interefl for the fame as aforefaid.

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed That if the faid Beilby Lord Bifhop of London, and his Succeffors for the Time being, and the faid Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife Morjhead, and Henry Frederick Thistlethivayte, or the Survivors or Survivor of them the faid Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife Morjhead, and Henry Frederick Thistlethivayte, his Executors, Adminiflrators, or Affigns, or any luccetd-ing Truftees or Truftee to be appointed as aforefaid their or his Executors, •Adminiflrators, or Affigns, fhall think it advifable or more advantage-ms to raife ail or any Part of the faid Sum of Two thoufand Pounds by

granting

48° GEORGII ill. Cap.14.2.	*773

granting Annuities for Lives inftead of Mortgage ns aforefaid, then it fhall be lawful for them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered by any Deed or Deeds, Inftrument or Inftruments in Writing, to be by them fealed and delivered in the Prefence of and attefted by Two or more credible Witneffes, to grant an Annuity of Annuities to any Perfon or Pcrfons who fhall advance and pay to them the laid Beilby Lord Bilhop of London, and his Succeffors for the Time being, and the faid Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife Morjhead, and Henry Frederick ThiJlhtBwayte, their Executors, Adminiftrators, or Afligns, or any fucceeding Truftees or Truftee to be appointed as aforefaid, their or his Executors, Adminiftrators, or Afligns, any Sum or Sums ol Money as to them fhall feem meet, for the abfolute Purchafe of any Annuity or Annuities to be paid and payable during the natural Life of every fuch Contributor, or thenatural Life of fuch Perfon as fhall be nominated by and on theBehalf of fuch Contributor at the Time ofPayment of his or her Contribution or Purchafe Money, fo that no fuch Annuity do exceed the Rate of Ten Pounds/»fr Centum per Annum upon a Angle Life, except in fuch Cafes where the Perfon for whofe Life any Annuity fllall be paid be of the Age of Fifty Years or upwards; and to fubj^ft and charge the Whole or a competent Part of the faid Eftate (fubjed neverthelefs and without Prejudice as aforefaid) with the Payment of fuch Annuity or Annuities accordingly, in fuch Manner as they fhall deem proper or expedient.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further enabled and declared. That DifchargM. the Receipt and Receipts of the faid Beilby Lord Bifhop of London, or his Succeffors for the Time being, or of the faid Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife Morjhead, and Henry Frederick Thijlletbiuayte,

or of the Survivors or Survivor of them, the faid Sir John Frederick,

Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife Morjhead, and Henry Frederick Thijile« thveayte his Executors, Adminiftrators, or Afligns, or any fucceeding Truftees or Truftee to be appointed as aforefaid, their or his Executors, Adminiftrators, or Afligns, under their or h:s Hands or Hand fhall be a good and fufficient Difcharge and Difcharges to all and every Perfon and Perfons for any Sum or Sums of Money fo to be raifed and advanced, charged and fecured by virtue of the Powers hcrein-beforegiven and granted as aforefaid.

XV.	And be it further enabled and declared, That the faid Beilby Application Lord Bilhop of London, and his Succeffors for the Time being, and the .tiS Molu* faid Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife Morjhead, and

Henry Frederick Thistlethivaytc, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, the faid Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife Morjhead and Henry Frederick Thijllethwayte, his Executors, Adminiftrators, or Afligns, or any fucceeding Truftees or Truftee to be appointed as aforefaid, their or his Executors, Adminiftrators, or Afligns, fhall pay, apply and difpofe of the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo to be raifed and charged by virtue of this A£t as aforefaid in completely carrying into Effe<ft the faid feveral Purpofes herein-before expreffed and contained, in fuch Manner as to them fhall feem proper and expedient.

*774	48° GEORG Ii III. Cap. 142.

ofUrfJrme?rt	'And	be it farther enabled. That fo much of the faid recited Ad

Aft repealed, of the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His faid prelent Majefty as is hereinafter recited (that is to fay) 4 that a Memorial of every fuch Leafe * and aifo of every Contract or Agreement to be made by virtue and in ‘ purfuance of this Act as aforefaid, fhall within Two Calendar Months f after the Day of the Date thereof refpedively be regiftered at the public \ Office, and in the Manner and Form appointed and preferibed by the 4 Ad ■■of the Seventh Year of the Reign of her Majefty Queen Anne for 4 the regiftering Deeds and Conveyances affecting Lands in the County 4 of Mlddlefsxy and that every fuch Memorial fhall contain a full De-4 feription of the Lands and Hereditaments comprifed in the Leafe, Con-4 trad, or Agreement therein mentioned or referred to, and fliall fpecify 4 the Term of Years in and by fuch Leafe, Contrad, or Agreemenr,

4 demifed or agreed to be demifed, and the Yearly Rent or Rents thereby 4 referved or agreed to be reftrved,’ be repealed, and the fame is hereby repealed accordingly.

Memorial 0f XVII. And whereas the aforefaid Period of Two Months hath been found Ltaus. to be too fhort; be it therefore enacted, That in lieu of fo much of the faid recited Ad refpeding the granting a Memorial of every fuchLeafe,Contrad, or Agreement as is hereby repealed as aforefaid, that a Memorial of every fuch Building Leafe and alfo of every Building Contrad or Agreement to be made by virtue and in purfuance of this Ad, or the faid recited Ads, or any of them as aforefaid,(hall within Six Calendar Months after the Day of the Date thereof refpedively be regiftered at the Public Office, and in the Manner and Form appointed and preferibed by the Ad of the Seventh Year of the Reign of her Majefty Queen Anne, for the regiftering of Deeds and Conveyances affeding Lands in the County of Middlefex> and that every fuch Memorial fhall contain a full Defcription of the Land and Hereditaments comprifed in fuch Leale, Contrad or Agreement therein mentioned or referred to, and fhall fpecify the Term of Years in and by fuch Leafe, Contrad or Agreement demifed or agreed to be demifed, and the Yearly Rent or Rents thereby referved or agreed to be referved.

Under Leafe?; XVIII. Whereas in purfuance of the Proviftona of the faid recited Ads of the Forty-fourth and Forty-fifth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, diveTs Agreements for Under Leafes have been entered into, and it may be expedient that the Under Leafes to be made pur-fuant to the faid Agreements, fhould be made conformable to the Pro-vifions in this Ad contained; be ir therefore enacted. That all and every Under Leafe and Under Leases, which fliall or mav be granted purfuant to fuch Agreements, fliall ana may (in cafe the Parties to fuch Under Leafe or Under Leafes fliall deem it expedient and fhall be affenting thereto) be made agreeable and conformable to the Provifions in thig Ad contained for granting Under Leafes; any Thing herein or in the faid recited Ads or in the faid Agreements to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

Vai'dity of XIX. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That the faid former'Sts. recited Ads, and all and every the Powers, Rules, Conditions, Arti-•	cles.

48j GEORG1I III. Cap.1^2.	3775

cles, Matters and Things whatfoever therein contained (fave and except fuch Parts of the fame as are otherwife altered or repealed) (hall be and the fame is and are hereby declared to be in full Force and EfFedl, and (hall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Adi into Execution to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever as if the liune had been repeated and re-enadled in the Body of this Act.

XX.	And whereas the aforefaid Sir John Morjhead is now abfent from provldingfor and out of this Kingdom, and rellrained from returning to the fame by

His Majefty’s Enemies; be it therefore further enudted, That none of kof

the Powers, Provifions, or Claufes herein-before contained, fo far as the

fame authorize any Monies or Annuities to be raifed or charged on the °1,hend*

faid F.ftates or any Part thereof, lhall take place or be of any Force or

EfFedl during the Life of him the faid Sir John Morjhead without his Con-

fent teflified by Writing under his Hand, and attelled by Two or more

credible Witneffes, and fuch Writing {hall be enrolled in the High

Court of Chancery within Two Years from the Day of the Date thereof;

and fuch Confent may be given or expreffed in the Form or to the EfFedl

following; (videlicet) * I Sir John Morjhead do hereby confent to the Pro-

‘ vilions of an Adtof Parliament made and palled in the Forty-eighth Year

*	of the Reign of His moll Excellent Majelly King George the Third, inti-‘ tuled, An Aft for altering and enlarging the Powers ofjeveral Adis paffed 4 in the Thirty fifth, Forty-fourth, and Forty-fifth Tears of the Reign of His ‘ prefent Majejty, for enabling the Lord Bijhop of London tog* ant a Leafe

*	with Powers of Renewal of Lands in the Parijh of Paddington in the County 4 c/'Middlefex for the Purpofe of building upon, fo far as fuch Provifions 4 affedtor concern me or any Perfon orPerlons claiming from or under me.

*	Given	under	my	Hand	this	Day of	One

4 thoufand eight hundred and

XXI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein- Eat rot to

before contained (ball extend to prevent all or any of the aforefaid Powers, refl ai“ *!V Provifions, or Claufes hereby granted from taking EfFedtand being carried	the

inro Execution upon and immediately after the Death of the faid Sir John Pr:’vif'yn of Morfhead, notwithftanding he the faid Sir John Morjhead Ihall die without tliiS giving fuch Confent as aforefaid.or having given fuch Confent the fame

fiiall not be enrolled within the Time aforefaid.

XXII.	And be it furcher enafted, That the Cods, Charges, and Ex- Omge, and pences, incident to and attending the applying for and obtaining and ^XT°f paffing this Adi, and' alfo all fuch Monies as now remain unfatislied of

the faid Two lafl-redted Adis, and alfo the Colls, Charges, and Expences, in and about the railing of the faid feveral Sums of Money or any Part or Parts thereof hereby diredled to be raifed as aforefaid, and the Application and Payment thereof or. in anywife relating thereto, lhall in the Hr ft Place be retained out of the Monies arifen or to arife by the Sale of the Premifes authorized to be fold by the faid recited Adi of the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majelly; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

•*77 6

Other Part of former Act repsaled.

Truftees only

aS«.°wn

Powers ei former Acts and this Act by whom to be sxcrciled.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 142.

XXIII.	And be it further ena&ed* That fo much of the faid recited Aft of the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, as is hereafter recited (that is to fay) 6 That a Statement or Recital in any

*	fuch Demife or Leafe of his the faid Sir John Morjhead's being at the 4 Time of making thereof abfent from this Kingdom, and reffrained as

*	aforefaid from returning to the fame, fignified by the faid Dame 4 Elizabeth Morjhead, or in cafe of her Death the faid Frederick Treife 4 Morjhtad her eldeft Son, or his Executors, Adminiftrators, or Affigns, 1 being a Party or Parties, to fuch refpeftive Demifes or Leafes, iliall be 4 fufficient Evidence of fuch Abfencc of him the faid Sir John MorJheadJ be repealed, and the fame is hereby repealed accordingly.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted and declared, That the faid Beilby Lord Bi/hop of London and his Succeffors for the Time being, and the faid Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife Morjhead, and Henry Frederick Thijllethivayte, or any fucceeding Truftee or Truftees to be appointed a'* aforefaid, /hall not nor (hall any or either of them, or the Heirs, Executors, or Adminiftrators of any or either of them, be anfwerable or accountable for any Monies to be received by virtue of and under the Powers and Authorities hereby given and granted, any otherwife than each Perfon for fuch Sum or Sums of Money as he or they fhall refpeftively aftually receive, and that One of them fhall not be anfwerable or accountable for the Afts, Receipts, Neglefts or Defaults, of the other of them, but each of them only for his or their own Afts, Receipts, Neglefts, or Defaults, nor fhall they or any of them be anfwerable for any Lofs or Damage which may happen in the Execution of any of the aforefaid Powers and Authorities hereby given and granted or in relation thereto, unlels the fame fhall happen by or through their or his own wilful Defaults or Neglefts refpeftively.

XXV.	And be it further enafted, by the Authority aforefaid. That all the Powers and Authorities given by the faid recited Afts or any of them and not repealed by this or any former Aft, or given by this Aft, fhall or may be exercifed by the Affignee or Affigns of them the faid Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope> Frederick Treife Morjhead, and Henry Frederick Thijllethivayte, or of the Survivors of them for the Time being, or by the Aftignee or Affignees of the Truftee or Truftees for the Time being, notwithftanding fuch Powers and Authorities ate expreffed to be given to the Affigns of the Survivor of them, the faid Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife Morjhead, and Henry Frederick This-tlethwayte, or of the Truftee or Truftees for the Time being ; and that for all the Purpofesof the Powers and Authorities given by this Aft, or by the faid recited Afts or any of them, the Lelfee or Lelfees to be named in any new Leafe to be granted from 1 ime to Time by the faid Bifhop or his Succeffors for the Time being, to the laid Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife Morjhead, and Henry Frederick Thijllethivayte their Executors, Adminiftrators, or Affigns, or their Nominee or Nominees in purfuance or in confequence of the Powers and Direftions of the faid firft mentioned Aft, and the Executors, Adminiftrators, and Affigns,-©f fuch Leffee or Lefiees, fhall be and fhall be deemed the Affignee or

1	Affigns

3777

"till

*> 6t

Djac

fafi *pt, *11 be

M'

dual, » Hk *kt

(eiiaj *7M fillet «i by Bled, beet «t be lull!, Act, itw. si ay st in r til

48* GEORG 11 III. Cap. 142.

Afligns of the faid Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treije Morjhead, and Henry Frederick Thistlcthwayte.

XXVI.	Saving always to the King's moll Excellent Majefty, His Heirs General Sav-and Succeffors, and to all and every other Perfon and Perfons, Bodies ,ns*

Politic and Corporate, his and their Heirs, Succeffors, Executors, and Ad-miniffrators (other than and except the faid Bcilby Lord Bifhop of London,

and his Succeffors Bifhops of London for the Time being, and the faid Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife Morjhead, Henry Frederick ThiJllethwayte, Sir John MorJJjead, Dame Elizabeth Morjhead,

Selina Thistlethwayte, the faid Earl of Chejlerfeld, Alexander Thidle-thwayte, William Strong, and Thomas Thistlethwayte, their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators, or Afligns, and all other Perlon or Perfons whoinfoever, claiming or to claim any Eftate or Intereft in the faid Prernifes fo to be demifed as aforefaid, under or by virtue of the Lid Indentures of the Fifth Day of July One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, and Fourth Day of March One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, or either of them) all fuch Eftate, Right, Title, Intereft, Benefit, Claim, or Demand whatsoever, of, in, to, upon or out of the f2id Hereditaments and Prernifes fo to be demifed as aforefaid, every or any Part or Parcel thereof, as they, every, or any of them had before the pafling of this Ad, or could or might have had, held, and enjoyed in cafe this Aft, had not been made.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted, That this Aft {hall be printed by the Printer to the King’s mo ft Excellent Majefty, and a Copy thereof lo printed fhall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Juftices, and others.

[all ' of % Sir 0}

me

be

(I,

or

in

bit

nr

it

[Loc.	Per.]

SCHEDULE

2778

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 142.

SCHEDULE to which the Act refers^

ESTIMATE of the Expence of building a main Drain or Sewer for carrying off the Water from the Elf ate, being at leail 5,300 ^eet in Length, Four Feet dear Breadth, with digging for the fame, Part to a great Depth, fecuring the Ground on the Sides, and including the Expence of making good in fundry Parts over the fame, will amount to	-	£•10,064 — —

£• *• <*•

Videlicet: —5,300 Feet of Brick Sewer and digging at £.27 6s. -	7,287 10
700 Feet Part thereof being	
very near Buildings and underPublic Roads, extra-	700	
1000 Feet other Part thereof requiring extra Works at 1 or.	500	
For levelling and forming the Surface	662 10 —
For fundry contingent Ex-  pences	914	

£.10,064-------

ESTIMATE of the Expence of moving the Pipes or Drains from the Conduit at Bayfuoater, and the Tanks or Wells conne&ed therewith, being 1,750 Feet in Length, with Five Wells therein, will amount to the Sura of	-	-	£.2,000--------

Videlicet:—1,750 Feet in Length, 2 Feet 6 Inches Diameter, wrought incemenr,including very deepcutting, and fecuring theGroundand

making good the fame -	1,750-------

Five Wells wrought in Cement 100--------

For preparing Accefles to the fame Wells - - - - -	150	—	—

£.2,000 —

S. P* Cockerell.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moil Excellent Majefty. 1808,

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII m. REGIS.

Cap. 143.

An A£t for veiling in Truftees the Perfonal Eftate of the Reverend Richard Daniel-, Mafter of Arts in „ [j,	the Univerftty of Dublin, and making them a Corpo-

ewith,	ration, for the Purpofes of carrying into Eftedt the

charitable Defigns and Intentions of the Will of the ___	faid Richard Daniel.	[25th	June 1808.]

WHEREAS the Rtv.rend Richard Daniel, late of the City of Bath, Mafter of Arts, being poflfefied of and entitled unto a confiderable Perfonal Eftate, duly made and publilhed his laft Will and Teftament in Writing, bearing Date the Twentieth Day of May, in the Year One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, in the Words and Figures, or to the Effect following ; (that is to fay,) “ In fhc “ Name of GOD, Amen: I the Reverend Richard Daniel A.M. in the “ Univerfity of Dublin, and a Native of Ireland, but for many Years a “ Refident in the City of Bath, Sctnerfetjhire, England, with humble Grati-“ tude to Heaven for every Bltflingdifpenfed unto me, and in particular for “ theContinuance of a found difpofingMind,Memory,andUndtrftanding, “ do this Twentieth Day of May, in the Year of cur Lord One thuufand “ feven hundred and ninety-four, publifh and declare this my laft Will “ and Teftament in Manner and Form following: Firft, I commend my “ Soul into the Hands of my merciful Creator, hoping for the Remiftion “ of all my Sins by the Merits and Mediation of my Saviour Jefus thrift, s	[Lee.	Cd	Rcr.]	31	F	“and

The Will of Richard Darnel A.M, rt cited.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 143.

Ci and defire to be privately bill decently buried, either in theP^r. Hi Church ‘‘ of Hampton or of Walcot, except that mv Deceale fhouLl happen at a ‘‘ remote DifUnce hovA'Bettb, atffftfc thStCafe, in the Church belonging tfi to the PaJiS whfre 1 die £but not in London or its Neighbourtiooti) ; and I give trnrt)the Minifter and Churchwardens of loch Pa ilh Jive Pounqs Sterling for the Ufe of the Poor: I give antf tiequeady unto 44 Robert Cornwall Efquire, Attorney in the Courts of Dublin, the Sum 44 of One hundred Pounds Sterling \lrijh Money), by which Standard I 44 will that all my Bequefts to Ireland, both Public and Private, be regu-‘‘ lated, in token of my fincere Elleem for his faithful Management of “ my Property in that Kingdom, which I trull will fave to my Executors “ much Trouble in calling in and collecting the feveral Securities which 1 “ have there, in order that the Money fo-collected may be applied by my «* Truftees to the Purpofes which I lhall diredt: I give and bequeath unto 44 my Kinfman George Daniel, Fiifl Lieutenant in the Regiment of Cara* 44 bineers, the Sum of Four hundred Pounds Sterling; but my Will is, 44 that this Legacy be not paid unto him until my Executors lhall receive “ the Sum of Eleven hundred Pounds lawful Money ot Great Britain, 44 which, together with the lnterefl that lhall appear due to me alter a

44 Deduction of my Quota for the Expence of Suit, has been above tf Two Years ago decreed to me in the Englijh Court of Rolls, out of

45	fuch Part of the Property of my Unde the late Reverend Robert Chap-4f man, Vicar of Ravenjlone, Bucks, as by an A£t palled in the Ninth 44 Year of the Reign of his late Majefty George the Second cannot be 44 devifed to charitable Ufes : I give and bequeath unto Margaret Lewis, 44 if Ihe remains in my Service at the Time of my Death, the Sum ot 44 Thirty Guineas, together with my Kitchen Fu niture, Wearing Apparel, 44 and my coarfer Linen; the finer Part of my Linen, together wuh three 44 Counterpanes, I bequeath, (if worthy of her Acceptance) to Mijlre/s 44 Fletcher of the Cir<;lis,and I bequeath unto herHuiband my GoldWatch, 44 with the Chain and Seals; rnytfmall Library of Books I defire to be pri-4i vatelyfojd and the Money thence arifing to be ditlribute'd by the Re&or 44 of ifalAamongft thofe whom he lhall judge the fitteft Objects of Rdiei* 44 I allb give and bequeath to the Redors of Bath a4rd Walcot for the Time 44 being the Sum of fifty Pounds Sterling Rngljh Currency in Trull for 44; the Ufes of the Bath Difpenfary and the School of Ihduftry, to be di-44 vided in equal Shares between them ; and as to all the Reft, Rtfidue, 44 and Remainder of all my Real and Perfonal Eftate, of all my Worldly 44 Subftance,Goods,ChattelSjAfiets and Effects of whichlfliallfodieiVized 44 and pofleffed of, or in any wife entitled unto, after Payment of my 44 aforefaid Legacies, Funeral Expences, and juft Debts, I give, devife, “• and bequeath the fame to the Right Honourable John Lord Vifcounc 44 FitzGibbon, Lord High Chancellor of Ireland, the Moll Reverend his 44 Grace Robert Archbifhop of Dublin in the faid Kingdom of Ireland, and 44 their Succeflors for the Time being, and to the Right Honourable cC Arthur Wolfe, His Majefty’s Attorney-General in the faid Kingdom,

46	and to his Executors and Adminiftrators, and the Survivor of them, to 44 and upon the feveral Ufes,Trulls, Intent?, and Purpofes hercin-after mcn-44 tioned and exprdfed concerning the fame, and to and upon no other ** Ufe, Truft, Intenr, or Purpofe whatfoever (that is to fay), upon Trull “ to place out fuch Parts of my Fortune as (hall not be at fntereft at the 44 Time of my Death upon fome Public o.r Private Securities, in their “ o^n Names, without Rifque to them!elves, and the Intereft thereof, as

6	44 well

48* GEORGtl III. Vdp. 143;

r* well as the Intereft of fuch Parts of my faid Fortune as are now laid otic “ in the faid Kingdom of Ireland, upon Intereft, from Time to Time to apply and difpole of in Manner following : namely, The Intereft of the “ Sum of Five hundred Pounds Sterling to be annually paid to the Mi-tl nifter and Churchwardens of the Parilh of Luke lot the Time beings in 44 the City of Dublin, to be by them applied towards the Relief of fuch 44 poor indigent Inhabitants of the faid Pariih as fhail or may appear to 44 them as fit and proper Obie&s of Charity ; provided that the fyid Mi-44 nilter and Churchwardens fhal! well and faithfully account annually 44 for the true Expendituje of the faid Year’s Intereft to my faid Truftees 44 and their Succeffors, before they (hall be entitled to receive a Second 44 Year’s Intereft on the fame: And further I give, devife, and beqbeatH 44 unto my Truftees and their Succeffors, upon Truft to pay and apply u annually the Intereft of Five hundred Pounds, Part of my faid Re-“ fidue, to the Truftees of the Hofpital for Incurables in the City of “ Dublin, to be applied by them towards the Support of the faid Hofpital tl and the Maintenance of the Patients therein, under the like Reftrrdtions 44 as refpe<ft my Bequeft to the indigent Inhabitants of the Parilh of SL “ Luke: And further alfo, upon Truft and under the above recited Limi-44 rations to pay and apply annually the Intereft of Two hundred Pounds *4 Sterling to the Ufeof the Dublin General Difpenfary : And further alfo, ,c upon Truft to pay and annually apply the Intereft of One other “ Sum of Five hundred PonndJ Sterling to the Governors for 44	the Time being of	the Hofpital within the	City of Dublin for

“	the Relief of	Poor	lying-in Women; and Irkewife upon fruft:

4i to pay annually to the Governors of Mercer's Hofpital, in the 44 faid City of Dublin, the Intereft of Four hundred Pounds Sterling, and “ to apply it to the more comfortable Support of the poor Sitk coh-44 tained in it; the Expenditure of which is in like Manner, as in every 44	other Donation,	to be	accounted for on Demand	to my Truftees and

44	their Succeffors.	I alfo	give, devife, and bequeath	unto my Truftees,

44 and their Succeffors, upon Truft, the Intereft of Eight hundred Pounds 44 Sterling, for ever, to be by them annually applied in aid of the Main-44 tenance of Four Proteftant Clergymen’s Widows of the Eftablnhed u Religion, in any Diocefe of the Kingdom of Ireland, whofe religious 44 Chatadfers, and Diftreffes on account of large Families, left unpto-44 vided for through the fcanty Incomes of their Hufbands, jhall be cerii-46 fied by the Bifhop of the Diocefe in which they dwell: And I will that <f due Notice be given to fuch Bifhop, by the Minifter and Chuchwardens 44 of the precife Time of the Deceafe of any of them, that the Number 44 of Four Annuitants may be regularly kept up : And though I w.ll 44 that in the Appointment of an Annuity the Preference be fhewn to a 44 Widow incumbered with a Family, yet I do not mean that a Widow, 44 even without this Incumbrance, fhould be totally excluded, if equa.ly 44 needy and more deftitute of Friends: And I do hereby will and ^.nedt, 44 that if any Redundancy or Refidue of my Fortune hercin-before be-44 qiieathed in Legacies, Englijh Charities, or in Truft to my Truftees in 44 Irelandf (hall remain after the Sums bequeathed as above, tint the lame 44 fhail be applied by my faid Irijk Truftees to the particular and per-44 petual Augmentation of the Fund devifed as before-mentioned for the 44 better Support of the poor Widows and Children of Proteftant Clergy.* 44 men of the Eftablifhed Religion in Ireland, and to and among ,u ti 44 other public Charities in the City of Dublin or elfewhere within the la'd

Kingdom

4784	48“ GEORG II III. Cap. 143.

*e Kingdom of Ireknd> as- to my. faid Truftees and their Succeficrs fhafi • “ feem mod deferving of the fame: I nominate conftitute and appoint Sir Franeis Iiutchinfon Baronet, and his Brother the Reverend 'James <c Hutchinfon, and the Survivor of them, or the Executors or Admin’-“ ftrators or Affigns of fucli Survivor, Executors of this my faid lad “ Will and Teftament : And I bequeath unto each Bio her, for his “ “frouble, the Sum of One hundred Pounds Sterling of bijb Currency, and whatever Plate I may die feized and poffelTed of, to be equally “ divided between them; and hereby revoking all fort* er and other “ Will or Wills by meat any Time or Times heretofore made or fpoken* *‘ ,1 declare this and nene other as and for my laft Will and Tell;ament: « In Witnefs whereof I have hereunto ftt my Hand and Sjal this « Twentieth Day of May One thouLnd feven hundred and ninety-fmr, « Richard Daniel (L.S.J”—“Signed, fealed, publifhed and declared by c« the faid Teftator, as and for his laft Will and Ttftament in the «* Prefence of Us, who at his Requeft, have fubfciibed our Names “ as Witntfies hereunto John Monck, of the Crcfcer.t, Bath y “ Robert Stennet Watchmaker, Sacvilie Row, BathWilliam Sir cud ** Wine Merchant, New Rooms, Bath:*’ And the laid Richard Dun.el afterwards duly made and publifhed a Codicd in Writing to hb faid Wiif* bearing Date the Eighteenth Day of March in the Year One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five, in the Words and Figures, or to the Recites the EfFedt following ; th it is to fay, “ I Richard Daniel of the City of Utb; Codicil to the « Clerk, do make this a Codicil to my laft Will and Teltamenr, bearing 1 *	c‘ Date on or about theTwentieth Day of May now laft paft; that i to fay,

<e I give and bequeath to Mary Perryman of the City of RoJteJler, Spinfte , «< and her Aftigns. the Annuity or yearly Sum of Fifteen Pounds of law-“ ful Money of Great Britain, for and during the Term of her natural “ Life, to be paid by my perlonal Reprcfcntatives for the Time being “ unto her the laid Mary Perryman and her Affigns, during her Life, by “ equal Half-yearly Payments, on the Twenty-fifth Day of June and “ the Twenty-fifth Day of December, in every Year, without any De-« dudtion or Abatement whatfoever; the Firft Payment thereof to begin “ and be made on fuch of thofe Days asfhould firft happen after my De-“ ceafe, and which faid Annuity or yearly Sum I give to her in confideia-“ tion of her long and faithful Service to my late Aunt Mrs. Mary Chap-“ man late of Rochejler aforefaid deceafcd ; and I do hereby confirm my “ faid Will in all other Refpefls, and declare that this Codicil (hall “ be taken and confidered as Part thereof; and I do hereby pubi.fii and “ declare thefe Prefents as and for a Codicil to my faid Will this Eigh-** teenth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thoufand feven “ hundred and ninety-five. Richard DarJel (L. S.)”	“ Signed, fealed,

publifhed, and declare : by the faid Richard Daniel as and for a Codicil » to his Will, in the Prefence of us Henry Derbatn, William Stroud jDaniei	W^e:eas r^e Richard Daniel departed this Life on or abor t

died ijrhaja- the Thirteenth Day of January One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nuary 1796. fix, without having altered or revoked the faid Will, other than and ew-w^nghu" cept by the faid Codicil, and without having altered or revoked the la d Will or codi- Codicil; and the faid Sir Francis Hutchinfon and James Huichinfon, the Frauds Hut- fixecutors named in the faid Will, duly proved the faid Will and Codicil chimin a> d in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury in England, and alfo in His Ma-chm^nprovetT ie^y’s Court Prerogative in Ireland j and they paid ofF and latbficd all the tame. the pecuniary and fpecific Legacies in the faid Will and Codicil mentioned

and

48" GEORGII lit. Cap.i^.

Ind bequeathed to the feveral Perfons entitled to receive the fame; And whereas the Governors of Mercers Hofpital in the City of Dublin, oh br about the Fifth Dav of April in the Year One ihoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, filed their Bill in His Majeftv’s High Court of 'Chancery in Ireland againft che faid Sir Francis Hutchinfon, James Hut chin-fon, Jtbn Earl of Clare, Robert Lord Archbifhop of Dublin, and thfc Right Honourable Arthur Wolfe, in the faid W ill named, who, after the Death of the faid Richard Daniel was created a Peer of Ireland, by the Title of Baron Kilwarden, and Vilcount Kilwarden, and others, praying that Accounts might be taken, &nd that the Trufts of the Will of the faid Richard Daniel might be carried into Execution, and feveral Proceedings were had in the faid Caufe, and Accounts taken, and on or about the Sixth Day of December in the Year One thoufand feveh hundred and ninety-nine, a final Decree was pronounced in the faid Caufe, whereby it was ordered and decfeed, that the Trufts of the Will of the faid R chard Daniel fhould be carried into Execution, and that the Defendants the faid Sir Francis Hutchinfon and James Hutchinfin, the Executors of the faid Richard Daniel, fhould forthwith pay over and aftign to the Defendants the fatd John Earl of Clare, Robert Lord Archbifhop of Dublin, and Arthur Lord Kilwarden, the Trilftees named in the Will of the faid Richard Daniel, the Sum of Nine thoufand fix hundred and tfrenty-feven Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Nine-pence Halfpenny, and all Security and Securities for the lame, being the Balance of the Affcts of the faid Richard Daniel, in the Hands, Knowledge, or Power of the Defendants, the faid Sir Francis Hutchinfon and James Hutchinfon. as Executors of the faid Richard Daniel, to be applied purluanc to the Trufts of the W 11 of the faid Richard Daniel: And whereas by Indenture bearing Date on or about the Twenty-eighth Day of February in t e YearOnethOufartd eight hundred and one, made Or mentioned to be made between the faid Sir FrancisHutchinfdn and James Hutchinfon, Ex-curors of the Lft Will and Teftament of the faid Richard Daniel of the One Part, and the faid John Earl of Clare, Robert Lord Archbifhop bf Dublin, and the faid Arthur Lord Kilwarden of the other Part, they the faid Sir Francis Hutchinfon and James Hutchinfon, for the Considerations therein mentioned, and in purfuance of and obedience to the faid Decree, did grant, bargain, f II, aftign, transfer, and make over Unto the faid John Earl of Clare, Robert Lord Archbifhdp of Dublin, and Arthur Lord Kilwarden, their Executors^ Adminiftrators, and Affigns, the faid Sum of Nine thoufand fix hundred and twenty-feven Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Nine-pence Halfpenny, reported in and by the faid Decree to be the Balance of the Afi'ets of the laid Richard Daniel remaining in the Hands, Knowledge* or Power of the faid Sir Francis Hutchinfon and James Hutchinfon, as Executors of the faid Richard Daniel, and all Security and Securities for the fame, and every or any Part thereof, to have and to hold the fame unto the faid John Earl of Clare, Robert Lord Archbifhop of Dublin, arid Arthur Lord Kilwarden, their Executors, Adminiftrators, and Affigns, in Truft, to be applied purluant to theTrufts of the Will of the faid Richard Daniel, and purfuant to the Directions of the faid Decree : And whereas the faid John Earl of Clare, Robert Lord Archbifhop of Dublin, and Arthur Loro Kilwarden, the Truftees named in the Will of the faid Richard Daniel, are all dead; and the faid Arthur Lord Kilwar den furvived the faid John Earl of Clare and Robert Lord Archbilhop of Dublin; and the Right Honourable William Downes Lord Chief Jufticeof His Majefty’a Court cf King’s Bench in Ireland, and Robert French, of • [Loc, Cs* Per. j	13	G	Kildare

*785

Bill in Chancery was filed by the Governors of Mercers Hofpital againft Sir Fr*r.ci8 Hut-

Decree made thereof.

Indenture of 18th betruary

1801 recitedi

1786	48‘GEORGII III. Cap. 143.

:Kildare-Street, in the City of Dublin, Efquire, are the Executors of the

Fr*ncis°HSir Arthur Lord Kilwa>den: And whereas Sir Francis Hcutbinfon One chulfon. Ut of the Executors of the faid Richard Daniel lately departed this Life, and the fame James Hutcbinfon is the furviving Executor of the faid Richard Pcrfbna^thc &an**l: And whereas the Perfonal Eftate and Property of the faid Richard Eitate'of Ri- Daniel confifts of Money laid out in the Englifh Funds, and of Money cha,<t Darnel lodgrd in the Bank of Ireland, and Debts that were due to him at the Time Pow'rs veftfd	Death:	And whereas it is apprehended that the Powers veiled or in*

by the vvni are tended to be relied by the Will of the faid Richard Daniel in the Truftees ?xth fkientIy namec* therein are not fufficiently explicit or effe&ual to carry intoEffcflthe «fle 'uai.°r charitable Defigns and Intentions of the faid Richard Daniel; and the faid James Hutcbinfon the furviving Executor of the Will of the faid Richard Daniel, and the faid William Downes and Robert French, the Executors of the Will of the faid Arthur Lord Kilwarden, who was the furviving Truflee named in the Will of the faid Richard Daniel, arc defirous and have confented that Truftees lhali be appointed by A6k of Parliament effectually to anfwer the Charitable Intentions of the laid Richard Daniel, and thar his Perfonal Eftate and Fortune, devifed by his Will to the Truftees therein named, lhali be veiled in Truftees as a Body Corporate, upon the fame Trulls, and for the like Intents and Purpofes, and under the fame Rules and Dire£lions of the faid Will of the faid Richard Daniel: And whereas it is expedient thatfuch Truftees ftiould be To ap-TruXe? ihouid P°^ntec* f°r Purpofes aforefaid, and that the Lord High Chancellor be appomred for the Time being, or Lord Keeper for the Time being of Ireland, the fheTni{t*"ff ^ ^ Reverend Patherin God the ArchbiThop or Dublin for the Time the will into bring, and the Lord Chief Juftice of His Majcfty’s Court of King’s Bench Effect. in Ireland for the Time being, Ihouid be Truftees for the Purpofe of carrying the Trulls of fuch Will into EffeCt: Therefore, at the humble Requeft of the laid James Hutcbinfon, William Downes, and Robert French t be ir en.icled by the King’s moll Excellent Majelty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this p re Cent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Manners, Lord High Chancellor lor^nrehud* ' ^ Ireland, whilft Lord High Chancellor of Ireland, and his Succeffors for Lord Arch- ’ the Time being Lords Chancellors or Lords Keepers for the Time be. bifluip of ing of the Great Seal for the i ime being of Ireland, his Grace Charles Lord c’hhf Earl °f Normanton, Lord Archbilhop of Dublin, whillt Lord Archbilhop Tjutice' f rhr oi Dublin, and his Succeffors for the Time being. Lords Archbilhops of jnTreiaiKiC Cmi Dublin for the Time being, and the Right Honourable William Downes, their Succcf. Lord Chief Juftice of the Court of King’s Bench in Ireland, whilft Lord Corporation Chief Juftice of the Court of King’s Bench in Ireland, and his Succelfoi* forever,f r for the Time being Lords Chief Juftices of the Court of King’s Bench oftheTruitsof *n ^re’an^ ^or £he Time being, lhali be a Corporation for ever for the the Will.	Execution of the Trulls of the laid Will of the faid Richard Daniel, and

to anfwer the Purpofes in the faid Will contained, and lhali be called and known by the Name of “ The Truftees of the Eftate of the Reverend “ Richard Daniel deceafed, given for charitable Purpofi s,” and IhaJl implead and be impleaded, fue and be fued by that Name ; and that the faid Ccrpojation lhali confift of the Lord High Chancellor lor the Time being of lrelandy or Lords Keepers for the Time being of the Great Seal of Ireland, the Lord Archbilhop for the Time being of Dublin, and the Lord Chief Juftice for the Time being of the Court of King’s Bench in Irelandand lhali and may have and ufe a Common Seal, which they

may

4.8*G,EORGII HI. Cap.tw	2787

may alter or make new from Time to Time; and that fuch Corporation fhall remain and fubfift, and its Powers continue and be exercifeable* notwithftanding there fhall be a Vacancy in any One of the faid Offices of Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, Archbilhop, or Chief Jufticc; and in cafe there (hall be a Vacancy in Two of inch Offices, then the Powers of the faidTruftees (hall be fufpended only till fuch Time as there (hall beTwo fuch Truftees at leaft; fubjeft neverthelefs and without Pcjudice to the Continuance of any Suit then depending in the Name of the faid Cor* porarion.

II. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforefaid. That it (haW Lawful for the and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees, or any Two of them, 52?!?Agent from Time to Time to eleft an Agent or Receiver of the Income and or Receiver, Profits of the faid charitable Funds arifing from the Effefts of the faid J^smake Bye Richard Daniel given as aforefaid at a Salary not exceeding Thirty Pounds per Annum, and to make fqch Bye Laws, Rules, and Ordinances, and from Time to Time to alter the fame Bye Laws.Rules, and Ordinances as they fhall judge mod convenient and ncediul for the good Government of the faid Corporation and Management of the Affairs of the faid Charity and theeffedual Promotion of thegood Ends intended thereby; and to give fuch Inftruftions and Dircftions as they (hall judge needful and realon- Byelaws not able for regulating the faid Charity : Provided that the laid Rules, Ordi- to bs repugnances, Inflections, and Directions be not repugnant to the Laws and Laws in'orce Statutes in force in Ireland, nor inconfiftent with the Intention of the faid Ireland, Teftaior, expiefftd in his faid Will ; and that it (hall and may be lawful "Jfntwith to and tor the faid Truftees or any Two of them to remove and difplace the will of fuch Agent or Receiver, and to elect another in his Place or Stead : Pro- JJ* Member* vitltd always, that no Member ot the faid Corporation (hall ever beelefted of the Lorpo. or appointed an Agent or Receiver of the faid Truft Funds*	eKhd*0 r

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforefaid. That the The Agent or Agent or Receiver who (hall be appointed in purfuance of this Aft, ^Ifccurit (hall, before he be permitted to enter upon fuch Office, give fuch good and be ac- * and fufficient Security for the juft and faithful Difcharge of his Office, countable^© as the Lid Truftees, or any Two of them, (hall think proper, and (hall anddcpoiicthe at all Times be accountable, and (hall account to the faid Truftees, or Monies »*. any Two of them, when required; and th^t fuch Agent or Receiver Ban? a" the1 (hall be obliged from Time to Time to depofit the Monies to be received, Truftees, or by .him by virtue of his Office, within EightDaysafter he (hall havereceived the fame, in the Banks ok England Q$Irela}idt a.vthe laid Truftees, or any Two direct, within of them, (hall direft, and lotnat the fame may be ac the Dilpofal of the faid at'fcr^Ua , Truftees, or any Two of them ; and that fuch Agent or Receiver (hall thereof, be obliged from Time to Time to iranLft all Matters relative to the faid Charity, which he (hall be required by the laid Truftees, or any Two of them, to tranfaft and as often as he lhail be required, he (hall give in a particular Account in Writing, figntd by him, of all Receipts, Payments,

Difbur feme nth, and Tranfaftions, on account of the faid Corporation, and the fame Account (hail be examined, audited, and fubferibed by the faid Truftees, or any Two of them, and he lhail then alio give in a true and exaft State of the Funds of the laid Corporation, in order that the fame may be examined and entered in a Book to be kept for that Pur-pole, fuch Book and Papers of the faid Corporation to be at all Times 8	open

2788	48* GEORGII III. Cap. 143.

C'pen and free for the Perufal of the fereral Members thereof, and to hi the Property of the Paid Corporation.

Perr.n.i	IV.	And Be it Furthtr enafted by the Authority aforefaid. That all the

FJlotqfthe Perional EUate of which the laid Richard DaHiel died poffrlTed, or to ^t'f“"7n"ihee *hi h he was entitled, and all Sefcuritics for the fame, except fuch Part TnifUsi. or Parts thereof as has or have heretofore been applied purluant to the Directions of his faid Will, ihall be, and the faitie is and are hereby Veiled Ih the faid Trudees, to hold to them and their SuccefTors, upon Trull to pay the Expcncee of palfing this Act, and the Execution of the Trulls hereby repofed in them, and to pay all heceffary Colls and Ex-pences heretofore incurred and not paid, or that they may hereafter incur, in carrying into Execution the Trulls of the faid Will and of this Aft; and fubjeft thereto, upon the fame Trulls, to the fame Ufes, and for the fame Intents and Purpofes as in and by the faid lad Will and Teltament of the faid Richard DaHiel are directed, appointed, and in-tended concerning the fame, and to no Other Ufe, Intent, or Purpofe whatfoever.

Not to street V. Saving always to the King’s mod Excellent Majedy, His Heirs and 5? Jj'? of Succeffors, and all other Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Politic and Cor.' " **' y' porate, their tefpeClive Heirs, Succeffors, Executors, and Adminidrators, other than and except the Executors of the faid Richard Daniel, and other than and except the Executors of the faid Arthur Lord Kilcvarden, all fuch Right, Title, Edate and Intereft, both at Law and in Equity, as they or any of them had, could, or ought to have of, in, to, or out of the Perional Edate and Fortune of the laid Richard Daniel, in and by this Aft veded for the Purpofes herein mentioned, as fully to all Intents anil Purpofes as if this Aft never had been made 5 any Thing herein* before contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

Evidence. VI. And be it further enafted. That this Aft Ihall be printed by the Printer to the King’s mod Excellent Majedy, and a Copy thereof fo primed Ihall be admitted as Evidence thereof, by all Judges, Judices, and others.

LONDON :	Printed	by	George	Eyre	and Andrew StrahaEL-

Printcrs to the King’s mod Excellent Majedy. 1808.



^ Or t0

^ Pi:;

Oil*

teitbj

.upon

'oftkt

M El.

lOnfltl

iMtf

(Ij'la,

Rlmj

•ad in.

’urpofc

AN-NO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

nsad

C«.'

non, , and aiti, m,n

* OK mi by Horn m#

br

tu

au

ufr

GEORGII III. REGIS.

tic*************************-***********************

Cap. 144.

An Act for verting the Fee Simple of the Ertates devifed by the Will of Edward Carefwell Gentleman cleceafed, in Truftees for the Charitable Purpofes therein mentioned.	[25th	June 1808.]

WHEREAS Edward Carefwell late of Bobbington In the County 3d February of Stafford Gentleman deceafed, duly made and published his 16S9, Will laft Will and Teftament in Writing bearing Date on or aboutof Edward the Third Day of February One thoufand fix hundred and eighty-nine, Carcfwdt therein reciting that by a certain Indenture tripartite bearing Date on or about the Ninth Day of January in the Firft Yeat of the Reign of King William and Mary, and made between the faid Edward Carefwell of the Firft Part, Francis Fcrrejler, Robert Lloyd, Edward Corbett, and Henry Woolafton, Truftees therein named of the Second Part, and Andrew CbarL ton therein named of the Third Part, he the faid Teftator, for the Confide-rations in the faid Indenture mentioned did demife to the faid Truftees, their Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afiigns, all that his Mefiuage and Farm or Tenement called or known by the Name of Walkerlow, alias Wal-J[Loc. & Per.'}	31 H	kerjlow

9°

4S° GEORGII III. Cap. T44.

kerjlow Farm in the Parifh of Stottefden in the County of Saldp, then or then late in the Occupation or Tenure of Tho?nas Wall, his Undertenants or Afiigns, and other the Meftuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments therein particularly defcribed. To hold the fame unto the Laid Iruftees, their Executors, Adminiftrators and Afligns, from and after his the faid Teftator’s Death, for the Term of Five hundred Years from thence next enfuing, upon the Trulls therein mentioned, and among!! other Trufts therein fpecified, upon Trull for the Benefit of the faid Andrew Charlton during his Life, and of fuch Perfon as at the Time of his Deceafe fhould be his Widow, and alfo of his eldeft Son during his Life, and in cafe the faid Andrew Charlto?i fhould leave no Son, then for the Benefit of Tbowas Lloyd and his Widow and eldeft Son in like Manner, and from and after the Determination of thofe Eftates, upon Truft that the then Refidue of the faid Term of Five hundred Years fhould be attendant upon the Reverfion and Inheritance of the Premifes, to fuch Ufes as the fame fhould be conveyed, devifed or afiured unto by the faid feftator by any Deed or Deeds, or by his laft Will: And alfo reciting, that the faid Tei-tator defigning and intending to difpofe pf the Refidue of the faid Term, and the Reverfion thereof, after the Five hundred Years, for a public Benefit, and taking notice that the Scholars of the feveral Free Schools of the faid County of Salop were deftitute of any Place of Preferment in cither of the Univerfities, whereby Learning in the faid Free Schools became greatly difcouraged, for the Supply therefore of that Defedf, and for the Support and Encouragement of fuch Scholars cf the Free Schools therein and hereinafter mentioned as were not enabled to maintain them-felves at the Univerfity, he the faid Teftator did by his faid Will give, de-vife, order, direfl and appoint that the faid Meftuages, Farms, Lands and all other the Premifes after the Death of the faid Perfons, and Determination of the feveral Eftates limited to them for and during all the Refidue of the faid Term of Five hundred Years that ftiould be then to come and unexpired, and alfo all that his Reverfion of the Premifes expedant upon the faid Term, and all his Eftate of Inheritance in the Premiles fhould be at all Times for ever thereafter charged and chargeable with the Maintenance of Eighteen Scholars in the College of Chrijl Church Oxford, or in cafe the faid Scholars could not be incorporated with and made Part of the Foundation, or admitted into the Society of the faid College, and have Chambers there, then in fome other College or Hall of the faid Univerfity where the faid Scholars might beft and moft conveniently be accommodated, viz. by allowing to each of the faid Scholars yearly for Four Years while he remained an Under Graduate Eighteen Pounds, to each of them after he ftiould commence Batchelor of Arts Twenty-one Pounds yearly for Three Years until he fhould commence Mafter of Arts, and the Sum of Twenty-feven Pounds yearly to each of the faid Scholars for Three Years after he fhould commence Mafter of Arts and no longer, the faid Teftator hoping that within that Space of Time each of the faid Scholars fo maintained and provided for as aforefaid, might by their own fair and good. Carriage, Endeavours and Induftry obtain better and greater Preferment than what was thereby to them limited, either in fuch College where they, ftiould be refident, or in the County of Salop from whence they were firifc ele&ed; and the laid Teftator thereby declared his Will to be, that the faid Eighteen Scholars fo as aforefaid to be maintained at the faid Univerfity,

upon

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 144.

upon their firft Eledtion, fhould be chofen from and out of the mofiinge/ nious and deferving Scholars, either Natives of the faid feveral Pariflies where the Eftate lay, or elfewhere of the faid County of Salop, and of leafl Ability to maintain theinfelves, of the fix Free Schools after mentioned, whether the faid Scholars fhould be free or not free of the faid Schools, to the Number and Proportion, and in Manner following, that is to fay. Four fri m and out of the Free School of Shrewjbury, Three from and out of the Free School at Bridgenorth, Four from and out of the Free School at Newport, Three out of the Free School at Sbiffnal, Two out of the Free School of Wcjn, and Two out of the Free School of Donnington, all the faid Scholars to be from the faid Schools removed to the faid College of Chrijl Church or to fotne other College or Hall in the faid Univerfity of Oxford, where, a Settlement for them could moft conveniently be provided : And the faid Teftator, by his faid Will directed, that as any Vacancy in fuch College Ihould afterwards happen by the Death or Removal of any of the faid Scholars, or other Scholars to be chofen out of the faid Schools, that fuch Vacancies fhould be fupplied by a new Election of One or more Scholars, as the Cafe fhould require, from and out of the fame Free Schools from whence the Perfons or Perfon fo dying or removing was or were firft elected ; and to the end that fuch Vacancy, fo as aforefaid happening by the Death or Removal of any of the faid Scholars might be fupplied and filled up from the fame School only from whence the faid Perfon fo dying or removing was elected, and not from any other of the faid Schools ; the faid Teftator thereby declared his Will to be, that Catalogues fairly written of the Names of the Scholars from Time to Time eledted fhould be carefully kept as well in the College of the faid Univerfity to which the faid Scholars fhould be removed, as in the Schools from whence the-faid Scholars fhould be elcdted, for the preventing any Elections contrary to the Intentions of his faid Will; and the faid Teftator thereby further declared his Will to be that all the Elections fhould be made by the Chief Governor or Mafter of the faid College where the faid Scholars were to be refident for the Time being, or fome One by him as his Reprefentative to be deputed, and the Juflices of the Peace inhabiting or adtingin the feveral Hundreds of Bradford, Stottefden and Brimtree for the Time being, or any Three of them, whereof the faid Mafter of the faid College, or his Delegate, fhould be One; and the faid Teftator thereby further declared his Will to be, that if the Rents and Profits of the Premifes fhould thereafter be improved and become of greater Value yearly than the fame then Were, that then and in fuch Cafe the faid Increafe of Rent and Improvements, after Satisfadtion of all incidental Charges and Expences in and concerning the Execution of his faid Will, fhould be applied for and towards the Maintenance of a greater Number of Scholars at the Univerfity of Oxford aforefaid, to be chofen proportionably from and out of the faid Six Free Schools, in fuch Manner, with fuch Allowance, and for fuch Time as thereinabove was diredted and appointed: But otherwife, in cafe the Rents of the Premifes thereafter fhould fall fhort of what they were then fet at, then the faid Teftator thereby further declared his Will to be, that the Eledtion of One, Twoor more of the Number of Scholars abovementioned, defigned to be elected out of the two laft mentioned Free Schools fhould be omitted and ceafe until the Lands and Premifes fhould again come to be. of fufheient yearly Value to maintain the faid Eighteen Scholars.

II, And

*79*

24th Febru. ary 1689, Codicil toll Will of Ed-ward Caree-well.

18th April 1J3S, ln-

4S0 GEORGII Hi. Cap. 144.

II.	And whereas thefaid Teftator afterwards made a Codicil to his faid Will, dated the Twenty-fourth Day of the fame Month of February One thoufand fix hundred and eighty-nine, thereby reciting his faid Will, and the faid Devife thereby made for the Benefit of the faid Eighteen Scholars, he declared that notwithfianding fuch Provifion fo as aforefaid made for the faid Eighteen Scholars, for as much as he had taken into his Confuleration that there was no more than Six pounds thirteen (hillings and four pence annually paid to the Minifter of the Pariffi church of Bobbington for his Support and Maintenance, which was infufficient for that Purpofe, and being defirous to augment fuch Allowance, therefore for the Encouragement of fuch Minifter, fully and legally ordained, (and no other) as fixould thereafter officiate there, he the faid Teftator did by thefaid.Codicil devife, order and appoint the Sum of Ten Pounds per Annum to be paid yearly into the Hands of one or two of the mod fubllantial Freeholders in the Pariffi of Bobbington, or to the Minifter himfelf officiating in the faid Pariffi Church for thetime being,by the Tenant or Tenants of the faid Teftator’s Farm in the faid Pariffi called Bobbington Farm, as an Augmentation to the faid annual Sum of Six pounds thirteen (hillings and four-pence for ever, which faid Ten pounds he the faid Teftator thereby ordered and appointed ffiould be annually deduced out of the feveral Allowances appointed for the faid Eighteen Scholars, w hen the fame ffiould become payable, by an Abatement of Eleven (hillings and one penny halfpenny out of each of the faid Scholars* Allowance, and the faid Teftator thereby further declared that upon fuch Payment made of the faid Ten pounds yearly to the Minifter as aforefaid. his Receipt thereof for fo much only ffiould be a good Difcharge to the Tenant, any thing in his faid Will mentioned to the contrary in any wife not-withftanding.

III.	And whereas on the eighteenth Day of April One thoufand feven hundred and thirty-eight His late Majefty’s then Attorney-general at the Relation of the Relators therein named, exhibited his Information in the High Court of Chancery againft William Hayward Serjeant at Law, Margaret Meefon Widow, William Cooke and Deimaris his Wife, Samuel Al-cock and Mary his Wife, and Jofiah Mills and Sarah his Wife, thereby fetting forth {inter alia) the faid recited Will and Codicil, and alfo (fating that the faid Teftator died in or about the Month of February One thoufand fix hundred and ninety, and that the faid Truftees under the faid Settlement of the ninth Day of 'January One thoufand fix hundred and eighty-nine, negle&ing or refuting to aft in the faid Truft, the faid Andrew Charlton for whofe Benefit chiefly the faid Settlement was made, entered upon the faid Premiles and held the fame till his Deatn, which happened in Ofiober One thoufand feven hundred and thirty-fix; and further dating that Thomas Lloyd in the laid Settlement named, died long before the faid Andrew Charlton without lifue, and that the faid Truftees were all long -fince dead, and that the faid Iienry Woolajlon the furviving Truftee made his Will and thereof appointed Sarah his Daughter Executrix, who proved the fame, and took upon herfelf the Execution thereof, and afterwards intermarried with the faid Jofiah Mills, and that the faid Andrew Charlton dying a Bachelor without lifue, thefaid Premifes became vdted i:i the faid Jofiah Mills and Sarah his Wife, in right of the faid Sarah as Executrix of the Will of the faid furviving Trultee, for the Remainder of the faid Term

cf

2793

4-8* GEORG 11 Ifl. Cap, 144.

of five hundred Years, in trufl to attend the Inheritance of the faid Premi* fes for the Benefit of the faid feveral Charities in the faid Will and Codicil before mentioned, and praying that the faid Trufl might be fettled, and Truflees appointed for the Management thereof, and the faid Charities regulated and eflablifhed according to the Will and Codicil of the laid Telia-tor: And whereas by a Decree made upon hearing the laid Caufe, dated 6ih July the Sixth Day of July One thoufand feven hundred and forty-one, it was (amongft other Things) decreed, that the faid charitable Devifes and Be- chancery* quells fhould be eflablifhed and carried into Execution; and fundry Direc- cllablifhing tions were given touching the Accounts to be taken before the faid Mafler, Charita-and alfo as to Schemes to be laid before the faid Mailer refpe&ing the faid b!e Devife-Charity and other Matters, but no Direction was given for the Appointment of any Tru free or Truflees of the Inheritance of the faid Hereditaments and Premifes, or any Notice taken thereof: And whereas by iSth July the Report of the Mailer to whom the faid Caufe Hood referred, made in the faid Caufe, dated the Eighteenth Day of July One thoufand feven porj hundred and forty-three, he certified (inter alia) that the faid Relators had, purfuant to the faid Order on hearing, laid before him a Scheme for ellablifhing and carrying into Execution the Charity created by the faid Teftator’s Will for the Benefit of the laid Scholars mentioned in the fame Will to be fent from the Schools therein mentioned to Cbrijl Church in Oxford, that the feveral Trulls upon which the Premifes before mentioned were devifed by the faid Teflator’s Will to the faid Truflees for the Term of five hundred Years as aforefaid were all determined, whereby the Refidue of the faid Term, and alfo the Reverfion expectant upon the faid Term, and the Inheritance of the faid Ellates were become chargeable with the Maintenance of the Scholars in the faid College of Cbrijl Church in Manner before mentioned: And whereas 19th Jily by 2n Order made in the faid Caufe, dated the Nineteenth Day of I7,l4- Order July One thoufand feven hundred and forty-four, it was ordered that the th?

1'aid Report fhould fland confirmed, and that the Scheme therein flared ter’* Report, lhould be approved and eflablifhed, and that the fame fhould be carried into Execution: And whereas by a further Information exhibited by *6th June His prefent Majefly’s then Attorney-General, on or about the Sixteenth ^lir-l)ay of June One thoufand feven hundred and feventy-live againll Jofeph lion txtubK-2* Amphlctt and the faid Dean and Chapter of the laid College of Cbrijl cdbytheAt-Church, after flaring therein feveral of the Matters aforefaid, and that divers torncy-Gene-cther Reports, Orders and Proceedings took place in the faid Caufe, and ,al‘ feveral Sums arifing from furplus Income or Profits of the faid Ellates were paid into the Accountant-GeneraPs Name to the Credit of the faid Caufe, but that no Dire&ions were given for veiling the Fee of the faid Hereditaments and Premifes in any Perfon or Perfons as Trullee or Truflees thereof, and amonglt other Matters and Things that the Relators and Defendants in the faid firfl Caufe were dead, and that the Defendant Jofeph Amphlctt was then the Perfoiial Representative of the faid Henry Woohjion the furviving Tru (lee named in the laid Indenture of the ninth Day ot January line thoufand fix hundred and eighty-nine, in whom the faid Charity Ellates were then veiled for the Refidue of the faid Term of five hundred Ye#s, in trufl to attend the Inheritance of the faid Ellates for the Benefit of the faid Chariues, and that the laid Charity Ellates were then of the yearly Value of Four hundred Pounds and upwards, and that there were then Handing t Lsc.®fyr.l	31/	in

2 794

8th June } 776, Decree of the Court of Chancery.

4th Augfuft 1^06. Onler of Reference on the Peti-

Dean of Chri'tl Church, di-

Seat ones for Hfirs at Law ©f Tell at or.

iSth De-.,m!.cr 1*07. T'r.e Mailer’s Report.

48“ GEORGII III. Cap. 144.

in the Name cf the faid Accountant-General, in truft in the faid Caufe, fub-ject to the further Orderofthe Court, One thoufand two hundred and twenty-five Pounds eleven Shillings and two pence Bank three Pounds per centum Annuities, and in Cafh One thoufand two hundred and ninety-fix Pounds nine Shillings which had arifen from the Surplus Rents, Profits and Produce of the faid Eflares, it was therefore prayed that the faid Decree and Proceedings might be carried into Execution, and that the then Relators might have the Benefit thereof, and that the Number of Scholars Exhibitioners out of the faid Charity might be increafed, and the increafed Rents, and the Produce of the faid Bank Annuities be employed in Augmentation of the faid Charity, and that fuch further Diredions relating to the faid Charity might be given as by the faid Court fhould be thought necef-fary : And whereas by a Decree made in the faid laft mentioned Caufe, bearing date the Eighth Day of June One thoufand feven hundred and feven-ty-fix, it was ordered and decreed among ether Things that the faid former Decree and Proceedings fhould be carried into Execution between the then prefent Parties, in the Manner by the faid firft-mentioned Decree and Proceedings directed as to the former Parties ; and ir was further ordered that the Receiver appointed of the Charity Eftates fhould be continued and pafs his Accounts before Mr. Halford the Mafter to whom the former Caufd {food referred, and that he fhould pay the Balances of his Account* from Time to Time into the Bank with the Privity of the faid Accountant-General to be placed to the Credit of the faid Caufe, fubjed to the further Order of the faid Court: And whereas by an Order made in the faid laft mentioned Caufe upon the Petition of the faid Defendant, the Dean of Chrijl Church, bearing Date the Fourth Day of Augujl one thoufand eight hundred and fix, dating tile feveral Matters aforefaid, it was referred to Mr. Ccx the Mailer to whom the faid laft mentioned Caufe flood transferred to enquire and date to the Court, whether any Heir or Heirs at Law of the faid Teftator Edward Carcfwell could be found, and in cafe fuch Heir or Heirs at Law could not be found, then to certify to the Court whether it would be for the Benefit of the faid Eftates in queftion, that an Application fhould be made to Parliament as to veiling and fettling the Fee-fnnple of the faid Eftates in Truftees for the Purpotes of the Charity in queftion : And whereas the faid Mafter, by his Report made in purfuance of the faid laft recited Order, and bearing Date the Eighteenth Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and feven, after dating that he had been attended by the Solicitors for the faid Petitioner, and alio ior the Relators and the other Defendants in the faid Caufe, and (inter alia) that he had found all the Matters herein-before let forth, and that Part of the faid Hereditaments and Premifes confiding of a Mefluage and Building with about one hundred and twenty-five Acres of Land called Hill Iioufe Farm bordered upon the Trad of Wade or uninclofed Land called Morfe, over which Truth there appertained a Right of Common in refpect of the faid Farm, and that the faid Common was about to be inclofed by virtue of an Ad of Parliament, and Allotments in lieu of the Common Rights made to the fe-verai Freeholders and Proprietors according to their refpedtive Jnterefts; and the faid Mafter further let forth the Affidavit of James Sheffield Brooks of Miliman-Jlreet Bedford-row in the County of Middlej'ex Gentleman, fworn the thirtieth day of November One thoufand eight hundred and feven, dating or detailing the Particulars of the Enquiries and Searches

that

2795

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 144.

that had been made by the faid Deponent at Shr&ivjbury and in the Vicinity thereof, and alfo at Bobbington in the County of Stafford (where the faid Teftator had lived and died) for the Heir or Heirs at Law of the faid Edward Carefwcll the Teftator in the Pleadings of the faid Caufe named, and from fuch Enquiries and Searches it appeared that there was or were not any fuch Heir or Heirs at Law to be found; and the faid IVlafter further certified that he caufed two feveral Advertifements to be publilhed in the London Gazette and in a New's-paper publilhed at Shreufbury in the County of Salop, thereby calling upon the Heir or Heirs at Law of the faid Edward Carefwcll, if any, to come in before him and prove their Kindred, but that no Claim of Kindred had been made or brought in before him, and that under the Circumltances aforefaid, it appeared to him that there was not, nor were there, any Perfon or Perfons to whom the Commiftioners for the Purpofes of the Inclofure thereinbefore mentioned could make any Allotment or Allotments under the faid inclofure A6t, in lieu of the Common Rights appurtenant to the Freehold or Inheritance of and in the faid Hereditaments and Premiles called Hill Hoiife Fann, for which, and for other Reafons, he conceived it would be for the Benefit of the faid Eftates in question, that an Application Ihould be made to Parliament for veiling and fettling the Fee-fimple of the faid Eftates in Trultees for the Purpofe of the Charity in queftion : And whereas by another Order made in the faid laft 2 >,d Decerc-mentioned Caufe upon the faid Mailer’s Report, bearing Date the Twenty- ber 1807. third Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and leven, it was ordered that the Petitioners Ihould make an Application to Parliament for an Ad m^^on^the to veil the Fee-limple of the faid Eftates in Trullees for the Benefit of (aid Report, the Charity in queftion, and that it Ihould be referred back to the faid Ivlafter to approve of proper Perfons to be appointed Truftees of the faid Eftates: And whereas the faid Mailer by his further Report made in the 24th Febru-Jaid Caufe, bearing Date the Twenty-fourth Day of February One thou- at7 1808. fand eight hundred and eight certified that he had approved of the very	s	Rc’

reverend Cyril Jackfon Do dor in Divinity, Dean of Chrilt Church Col- proving 0f lege Oxford, "John Kynafton Powell of Plardwicke in the County of Salop Truftcts. Lfquire, John Cotes of Woodcote in the fame County, Efquire,	and Ifaac

Hawkins Browne of Badger, alio in the fame County, Elquire,	as proper

Perfons to be appointed Truftees in the faid Ad of Parliament of the laid Eftates deviled by the faid recited "Will of the faid Edward CarefwcllAnd whereas by another Order of the faid Court bearing Date Era&ment the Firft Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and eight	made in	for veiling	all

the laid Caufe, the faid laft recited Report of the faid Mailer	was con-	[at*	^

firmed and made abfolute: And whereas the faid John Kynafton Powell i.id Edward is defirous of being difeharged from acting in tne laid i'ruft, where- Carefmli fore Your Majefty’s molt dutiful and loyal Subje&s, the faid Dean and Inthe C°uti-Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Chrijl in Oxford do moll humbly Stafford ami* befeech Your molt Excellent Majefty, that it may be enacted, and be it dfewher.-. enadted by the King’s molt Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in tins prefent Pat liament aflembled and by the Authority cf the fame. That all and lingular the Mefluages, Farms, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments deviled by the laid recited Will of the faid Edward Carcfivell, fituate, lying and being in the Parilhes of Bradford, Brimtree and Stoitefaen and die where in the faid County of Salop, and in the Parilh of Bobbington or

ellewhere

2796	4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 144*

elfewhere in the faid County of Stafford, and alfo all other the Hereditaments (if any) deviled by the faid recited Will, together with all and lingular Houfes, Out-houfes, Edifices, Buildings, .Barns, Stables, Granaries, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Meadows, Failures, Feedings, Ways, Waters, Watercourfes', Commons, Common of Paflure, Timber and other lrees. Woods, and Underwoods, and the Ground and Soil thereof, and other the Rights, Members and Appurtenances whatfoever to the faid Mefluages, Farms, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments belonging, or in anywife appertaining, or to or with the fame or any of them tiled, occupied or enjoyed, or accepted, reputed, deemed, taken or known as Part, Parcel or Member thereoi, or of any of them, or appurtenant thereto, and all Allotments made and to be made to or in refpeft of all or any of the faid Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments for or in lieu of any Rights of Common belonging or appertaining thereto, and the Inheritance in Fee-fimple of all and- lingular the faid Mefluages, Farms, Lands, Allotments, Hereditaments and Premifes, Ihall from and after the palling of ihis Aft ber and the fame are hereby vetted in the Right Honourable Edzvard Herbert commonly Trullees. called Lord Vifcount Clive, and in the faid Cyril Jackfon, John Cotes, and Ifaac Hawkins Browne (the Trullees appointed as aforefaid) their Heirs and Afligns, to the Ufe of them the faid Edward Lord Vifcount Upon'the Clive, Cyril Jackfon, John Cotes, and Ifaac Hawkins Browne, their Heirs noned in the anc^ Affigns for ever, for the Intents and Purpoies in and by the faid faid will of recited Will of the faid Edward Carefwell exprefled and declared of Edward and concerning the fame, but fubject to any beneficial Claim or Claims Carefwtll. 0f Heir or Heirs at Law of the faid Edward Carefwell.

Power of ap- IV- Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if any or either of pointing ne.v them the faid Edward Lord Vifcount Clive, Cyril Jackfon, John Cotes, and X ruftccs. Ifaac Hawkins Browne, or any future Truttee or Trullees who (hall be appointed in the Place or Stead of them or any of them, {hall die or defire to relinquilh the Trulls hereby in them or in him repofed, or ihall refufe, decline or become incapable to aft in the faid Trulls, or Ihall go out cf Great Britain, then and in every or any fuch Cafe it Ihall and may be lawful for the High Court of Chancery, upon a Petition to be prefented in a fummary Way by any of the furviving or other Tiuttees or Truttee of the laid Truft Premifes tor the Time being, or by the Dean of the faid Cathedral Church of Chrijl, Oxford, for the Time being, from Time to Time to appoint any other Perfon or Perfons to be a Truttee or Trullees in the Place or Stead of the Truttee or Trullees fo dying or defiring to be difeharged, or refufing, declining or becoming incapable to aft, or going out of Great Britain as aforefaid, and that when and fo foon and as often as any fuch Appointment of a new Truttee or Trullees Ihall be made as aforefaid, all the aforefaid Truft Lilates or Hereditaments and Premiles, with the Appurtenances, Ihall be thereupon with all convenient Speed conveyed and transferred in fuch Sort and Manner, and io 2s that the fame Ihall and may be or become legally and effectually veiled in the furviving or continuing Truttee or Trullees thereof, and inch new or other Truttee or Trullees, or if there Ihall be no continuing Truttee or Trullees then in fuch new Trullees only, upon the lame Trulls, and for the fame Intents and Purpofes as by the laid recited Will of the faid Edward Carefwell are or were declared of and concerning the fame Brel'2	m.fes

2797

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 144.

miles or fuch of them as (hall or may be then fubfifting or capable of taking Effect-, and that every fuch new Truftee fhall and may in all Things ad in the Management, carrying on and Execution of the aforefaid Trufts as fully and effectually, and with all the fame Powers and Authorities to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever as if fuch Truftee or Truftees fo to be appointed had been originally by this Ad nominated and appointed a Truftee or Truftees of the faid Eftates for the Purpofes aforefaid.

V.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That none of the prefent Claufe for or future Truftees of this Ad fhall be anfwerable or accountable for the the Indcm-other or others of them, or for any involuntary Loffes; and that by and

out of any Rents or Monies which (hall come to their or his Hands or Hand by virtue of the aforefaid Trufts it fhall be lawful for them and him to retain to and reimburfe themfelves and himfelf refpedively all the Cofts,

Charges and Expences which they or he may refpedively incur or fultain. in carrying the faid Trufts into Execution.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That it fhall be lawful for the laid Court of Court of Chancery from Time to Time to make fuch Order as the

faid Court fhall think expedient, juft or reafonable, for allowing, taxing and a fettling all Cofts, Charges and Expences which have been or fhall be incur* red in and about the obtaining and palling this Ad, or in or about any Applications to the faid Court in purfuance hereof, or othervvife in carrying into Execution the Trufts and Purpofes aforefaid.

VII.	Saving always to the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, his Heirs Saving and Succeffors, and to all and every other Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Claufe. Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their refpedive Heirs, Succeffors, Executors and Adminiftrators, (other than and except the Heirs at Law of the

faid Teftator Edward Carefwell deceafed, as to and fo far as regards any legal or truft Eftate that may be veiled in them for the fubfifting Purpofes of the faid Will, but no further or otherwifej all fuch Eftate,

Right, Claim, Title, lntereft. Claim and Demand whatfoever, of, in, to, or out of all or any the faid Meffuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments late of the faid Teftator Edward Carefwell deceafed, or any Part thereof,'as they, every, or any of them had before the paffing of this Act, or could or might have had, held or enjoyed, in cafe this Ad had not been paffed.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That in cafe the Heir or Heirs at Law of the faid Edward Carefwell fhall at any Time hereafter by due Courfe of Law eftablifh his, her, or their Right or Title to the Meffuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments devifed by the Will of the faid Edward Carefwell, as aforefaid, or any Part thereof, then all the faid Hereditaments and Premifes hereby veiled in the faid Truftees, or fuch Part or Parts thereof to which fuch Heitor Heirs at Law fhall have fo eftablifhed fuch Right or Title, fhall thenceforth be veiled in the faid Heir or Heirs at Law in like Manner as if this Ad had not been made or paffed.

2793

Evidence.

48° GEORGII III. Cap.i^.

IX.	And be it further enacted. That this AS: fital! be printed by the Printer to the King’s moil Excellent Majefty, and a Copy thereof, fo printed, fhall be admitted as Evidence thereof, before all Judges, j uilices and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan,

Printers to the King’s moil: Excellent Majefty. 1808.

V

■'* rT'-, r •a .&k’ joi>	.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*************************************************** »*

Cap. 145.

An Adi to amend Two Ads, paffed in Ireland, for the better Education of Perfons profefling the Roman Catholic Religion, and for the better Government of the Seminary eftablifhed at May-nooth for the Education of fuch Perfons, fo far as relates to the Purchafe of Lands and compounding Suits.	[25th	June	1808.J

WHEREAS by an Ad paffed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled,	Aftfor the better Education of Perfons profeffing IrJfl} ^

the Popijh or Roman Catholic Religion, it is amongft other Things enacted, 35 G.;. c. That the feveral Perfons named as Truftees in the Paid Ad, and the Perfons to be hereafter eleded, as by the faid Ad is direded, {hall be Truftees for the Purpofe of eftablidling, endowing, and maintaining, one Academy for the Education only of Perfons profeffing the Roman Catholic Religion; and that the faid Truftees {hall have full Power and Authority to receive Subfcriptions and Donations to enable them to eftablilh and endow an Academy for the Education of Perfons profeffing the Roman Catholic Religion, and to purchafe and acquire Lands not exceeding the Annual Value of One thoufand Pounds; and to ered and maintain all fuch Buildings as may be by the faid Truftees deemed necef-fary for the Lodging and Accommodation of the Prelident, Mafters, Pro-feffors, Fellows, and Students who {hall from Time to Time be admitted \Loc, C39 Per.]	31	L	intg

2802

48* GEORGII HI. Cap. 14s*

into oi* refide in fuch Academy: And whereas it was by the faid Aft further enafted, that the faid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, fhould have the Superintendance and Vifitorial Power, over the faid Academy, and over all Perfons on the Foundation thereof or educated therein : And whereas by an Aft, patted in the Parliament of Ireland in 40 G. c.85. the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An Aft for the better Government of the Seminary ejlab Ujhed at Maynooth, for the Education of Perfons prof effing the Roman Catholic Religion, and for amending the Laws now in Force rejpeding the faid Seminary, it is amongft other Things enacted, That fo much of the lad recited Aft as enafts, that the Truftees therein named, or any Seven or more of them, (hall have vifitorial Power over the faid Academy or College, and over all Perfons on the Foundation thereof, or educated therein, fhall be repealed, and that the vifitorial Power over the faid College or Academy, fhall be veiled in the Perfons therein named : And whereas in and by the faid laft mentioned Aft it is further enafted, that it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Truftees of the faid College or Academy, to fue and be fued either at Law or in Equity, by and in the Name of their Secretary, and that in any Suit to be inftituted againft the faid Truftees, in any Court of Law or Equity, touching the faid College or Seminary, or any Eftate Real or Perfonal claimed by the faid Truftees in Right of their faid Truft, it fhall and may be fufficient to ferve their Secretary with the Procefs or any other Order of fuch Court: And whereas as the faid Two recited Afts now ftand, it is conceived, that no Power is lodged in the Truftees thereby named, or in the Vifitors named by the faid laft recited Aft, to compromife any Suit or Suits which may arife or have already arifen, concerning the Property belonging to or claimed by the faid College or Academy ; and it is thought likely to conduce to the Benefit of the faid College or Academy that fuch Powers fhould be veiled in the Truftees for the Time being under the Provifions of the faid recited Afts, or any Seven or more of them : And whereas by the faid Firft recited Aft it is provided that the Truftees thereby appointed fhall have Power to purchafe or acquire Lands not exceeding the Annual Value of One thoufand Pounds, and it is fit that the Ground on which the Buildings ftand in which the Bufinefs of the faid College or Academy is carried on, and in which the Mafters, Students, and other Members thereof refide, as well as certain Grounds immediately adjoining fuch Buildings, held under a Leafe from William Robert late Duke of Leinfter, and ufed for the immediate Purpofes of the faid College or Academy, fhould not be confidered as Part of the Value of the faid Annual Sum of One thoufand Pounds, to which the Truftees of the faid College or Academy are reft rifted as aforefaid : May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted j and be it enafted by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aiTembled, and by Pow-r for the Authority of the fame, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees of Truftees, named in the faid Two recited Afts of Parliament, or either of seminiuyto them, or hereafter to be el fted purfuant to the Direftions of the faid Two compromife recited Afts or either of them contained, or any Seven or fiiore~bf iKemJ Suits, &c. to compromife and compound any Suit or Suits already commenced or hereafter to be commenced, relative to or concerning any Property claimed by the faid College or Academy, or fought to be recovered from it, on fuch Terms as to the Truftees herein-before mentioned, or any Seven or more of them, ihall leem fit and moft for the Benefit of the faid College or 9	AcaGfciny*

2803

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 145.

Academy, and for that Purpofe to make and execute all fuch Deeds, Conveyances, and Affurances, as fhall be neceffary for carrying fuch Compromise into Effect and Execution ; and that all fuch Deeds, Conveyances, and Affurances, which fhall be made and executed by the faid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, for that Purpofe aforefaid, fhall to all Intents and Purpofesbe valid and effectual in the Lawagainfl the faid College or Academy, and the Truftees and Members thereof, and all Perfons claiming under them or any of them; and that the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Deeds, Conveyances, or Affurances fhall be made, fhall be entitled to have, hold, and enjoy all Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Property of whatever Nature thereby conveyed, and to have the full Benefit of fuch Deeds, Conveyances, and Affurances as againfl the faid College or Academy, and the Truftees and Members thereof, and all Perfons claiming by, from, or under them, or any of them; and that the Receipt or Receipts of the faid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, fhall be a good and fufficient Difcharge, or good and fufficient Difcharges, to the Perfon or Perfons paying the fame, for any Sum of Money paid to fuch Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, as Part of the Terms of any Compromife made in purfuance of the Powers given by this Adt.

II.	And be it further enadted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for Power for th« the Truftees for the Time being, of the faid College or Academy, or any ^Vchafe*0 Seven or more of them, to purchafe or acquire Lands, not exceeding in Land#, &c. Value the Annual Sum of One thoufand Pounds, exclufive of the Value

of Lands and Premifes, held under the before mentioned Leafe from William Robert late Duke of Leinfler, and the Buildings eredted thereon, or hereafter to be eredted and ufed for the Purpofes of the faid College or Academy.

III.	Provided always, and be it hereby further enadled, That any Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments already purchafed or acquired under or by ti,e faid Afts, virtue of the Power for that Purpofe giveil to the faid Truftees, or any as to PJsrcl^fe Seven or more of them, in and by the faid herein-before firft recited Adt, ° n ®» c* {hall be deemed Fart of the Lands which they are fo authorized to purchafe

or acquire as aforefaid; and that no more Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fhall be purchafed or acquired by the faid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, than what together with any Lands already purchafed or acquired by them would amount to the Annual Value pf One thoufand Pounds; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

IV.	And be it further enadled, That this Adi fhall be printed by the && may be ^ Printer to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, and a Copy thereof fo dencVihen * printed fhall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Juftices, and printed by others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strakan, Printers t9 the King’s moft Excellent Majefty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

***«******¥«****»»*»***»**************************

Cap. 146.

An Ad forfupplying the Town and Parish of Woolwich in the County oiKent with Water, and for amending fo much of an Ad of the laid Seffion as relates to the Eredion of a Market Houfe in the faid Town.

[30th June 1808.]

WPIEREAS the Town and Parifh of Woolwich, in the County of Kent, is large and populous, and the Inhabitants thereof are very infufficicntly fupplied with Water, which in cafe of any Fires happening therein might be attended with very calamitous Confe-quences, not only to the faid Inhabitants but to His Majefty’s Royal Arfenal and Dock and Rope Yards fituated in the faid Town and Parifh:

And whereas an Aft was palled in the Fqrty-feverith Year of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An Act for paving, cleanfng, lighting, and 47G3.C.1: 1watching, the Town and Parifh of Woolwich, in the County of &eut, and removing and preventing Nuifances therein ; for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor ; for providing an additional Burial Ground; and for regulating the Market of thefaidTown andParifh: And whereas Doubts have arifen whether, under the Provifions of the faid Aft, the Commiflioners thereby appointed can purchafe Ground and ereft a Market-boufe and Shambles thereon,without previoully purchafing the prefenc Market, Shambles and Ereftions attached thereto : May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s molt Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confenc of the Lords Spiritual and [Lee. & Per.~]	31	M	Temporal,

2806

CommilTion-ers of former A t may bring

♦he Town.

48” GEORGII III. Cap. 146.

Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the lame. That it (ball and may be lawful for the Com-miflioners appointed by or elected in purfuance of the faid recited A6t or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby empowered, <ubje£t to the Provifo herein-after mentioned, to raife and convey Water from a Field in the Parilh of Charlton in the County of Kent, belonging to Dame Jam Wilfon, and Sir Thomas Maryon Wtifon Baronet along the High Road leading from Greenwich to Woolwich into the laid Town of Woolwich, and along the High Road by Unity Place into Prances Street, and from thence into a Refervoir to be made in a Field belonging to John Bowater Efquire, in the Occupation of Mary Rideout Widow, and afterwards through Lands belonging to the Re&or of the f id Parilh of Woolwich into another Refervoir near Woolwich Church, according to the Line expreffed in the Map or Plan herein-after mentioned, and convey and difiribute Water from every fuch Relervoir or Refervoirs in Pipes through the faid Town and Parilh totheHoufes of the Inhabitants thereof, agreeing with the faid Commiffioners to be fup* plied with fuc.h Water, and to purchafe all Grounds necefiary for making any fuch Refervoir or Refervoirs, and to ered Engines, lay Pipes, and make and conftrud fuch other Workc, Buildings, and Eredions, and other Conveniencies, and to do every other Matter and Thing necefiary for the conveying Water for fupplying the faid Town and Parilh therewith; and for the Purpofe aforefaid the faid Commiffioners, their Deputies, Servants, Agents, and Workmen are hereby authorized and empowered to enter into and upon all Lands and Grounds, Highways, Roadc, Paffages, Streets, and Places belonging to any Pcrfon or Per-fons, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, within the f id Par lb of Woolwich, which the faid Commiffioners, or any Seven or more of them, ffiall think necefiary for conveying Water as aforefaid, and to fet out fuch Parts thereof as lhall be necefiary and proper for making the faid Refervoirs, laying the faid Pipes, and for conftrudL ing fuch Works and other Conveniencies aforefaid j and alfo fiom Time to Time to open, fcour, cieanfe, repair, and maintain fuch Refervoirs, Pipes, Works, and Conveniencies, and for the Purpofis afore'aid to bore, dig, cut, trench, fough, get, remove, take, carry away, and lay Earth, Clay, Stones, Soil, Rubbilb, Trees, Roots of Trees, Beds of Gravel or Sand, or any other Matters or Things which may be dug or got in making fuch Refervoirs, laying fuch Pipes, or in conftructing fuch Works and Conveniencies, or which may hinder, obftrudt, or prevent the making, laying, or conftru&ing the fame, or the ufing, completing, and maintaining the fame, and to ufe, exercife, and employ all necefiary Ways and Means for conveying and bringing a fufficient Supply of Water to the faid Town and Parilh for ihetJfe of the Inhabitants thereof, and from Time to Time to repair, maintain, fupporr, and continue the fame according to the Tenor and Effect and true Intent and Meaning hereof, and alfo to make, maintain, repair, and alter any Fences, Paffages, Bridges, or Arches, which may be necdlary for the Purpofes aforefaid, or any of them, and from Time to Time to make, con-ftruft, and ere£l,and to repair and maintain any Engines, Citterns, Ponds Bafons, Pipes, Fire Plugs, Fire Cocks, Bores, Mains, Feeders, Drains Pumps, Sluices, and other Works and Devices, as they fhall think proper, and for all or any of the Purpofes of this Act to break up and remove the Soil, Polls, Kirbs, Bulk-heads, Bars, Sewers, Drains, Pavements, and 5	gravelled

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 146/

gravelled and other Ways, of any of rhe prefent and future Streets, Squares, Lanes, Paffages, Alleys, Public Courts, Footways, Public Quays, Clofes, and Public Places, and to enter into any private Lands or Grounds within the faid Town and Parifh, and to dig and fink Trenches, and lay Pipes, and put Fiie Cocks, Fire Plugs, and Branches from fuch Pipes, in fuch Places for the laying and fixing fuch Pipes, and all fuch other Matters and Things, in fuch Places and in fuch Manner as they (hall jud: e neceffary for diflributing and conveying fuch Water to the refpeftive Houfes, Offices, and other Tenements of the fa d Inhabitants of the faid Town and Parifh, and from Time to Time, as Occafion may require, to alter the Pofition of and to repair, relay, and maintain fuch Pipes and Machinery, and to do all other Afts, Matters, and Things which fhall from Time to Time be neceffary or proper for comple ting and amending, repairing and improving the Works authorized by this Act to be done and provided, they the faid Commiffioners, their Deputies, Agents, Servants, and Workmen, doing as little Damage as may be in the Execution of the feveral Powers to them hereby granted, and making Satisfaction in the Manner herein-after mentioned, within Six Months after fuch Damage dene to the Owners and Proprietors of and all Pcrfons interfiled in the faid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments refpeftively, which fhall be ufed for the PuTpofes of this Aft, or injured in Value by Means of the Powers hereby granted, or which fhall be by them fuftained by reafon of all or any of the Powers of this Aft; and this Aft fhall be fufficient to indemnify the faid Commiffioners, and their Deputies, Servants, Agents, and Workmen, and all other Perfons whom-foever, for what they or any of them fhall do by virtue hereof, fubjeft neverthelefs to fuch Provifions or Reftriftions as are herein-after contained : Provided always, that the faid Commiffioners fhall and may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to fupply the faid Refervoirs or either of them with Water from any Springs or Watercourfes which fhall run by or from the Side of any Public Road or Highway in either of the faid Parifhes, or in any adjoining Parifh, by Pipes to be laid under or by the Sides of fuch Roads or Highways, without Prejudice neverthelefs to any Mills, Works, Dwelling Houfes, or Lands theretofore fupplied with Water: Provided alfo, that the faid Commiffioners fhall and may, with the Confenc of the Owner and Occupier of any Lands or Grounds adjoining the Courfe of the faid Pipes, make any Communi aiion with any Pond or Wells in fuch Lands or Grounds: P ovided alfo, that any Ground which fhall be opened or broken up in any of the faid Roads or Highways, or on the Sides thereof, ihall be filled in and levelled, and the Rubbifh occafioned thereby carried away as foon as conveniently may be ; and in the mean.Time fhall be fenced .or guarded fo that the fame may not be dangerous to Paffengers or Cattle : Provided alfo that the Furnace of every Steam Engine to be erefted by the faid Commiffioners fhall be conflrufttd upon the Principle of confuming its own Smoke.

II. Provided alway", and be it enafted, That nothing herein contained F^ce* fhall extend or be conflrued to extend, fo as to enable the faid Commif- Rci fioners to conftruft any Refervoir or ReLrvoirs for the Purpofes of this Aft, at any Place or Places, lave and except in a F:eid belonging to John Bowater Efquire, in the Occupation of Mary Rideout, Widow, and alfo in a f ield belonging to the Reverend Hugh Frazer, in the Occupation of Mr. Samuel Hai din.

III. And

2808	+8*	GEORGII	III.	Cap.	146.

Power of for- III. And be it further enabled. That the faid recited Aft, and all the trnTiedto this Powers, Privileges, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punilhments, A<ft.	Matters,	and	Things	therein, contained, lhall, fo far as the Nature and

Circumllances of the Cafe will admit, extend, and are hereby extended to and lhall take effect, operate, and be put in Execution, and lhall be ufed and executed by the faid -Commiffioners, or any Seven or more of them, in executing the feveral Powers hereby given to them, and tor the pur-cliafmg, felling, and conveying of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and afcertaining the Value thereof, and for the determining and alfeffing of Damages by a Jury or Juries, and all other Matters and Things, which lhall relate to or happen or arife by or in confequence of this Aft, in fuch and the like Manner, to all Intents and Purpofe;, as if the faid feveral Powers, Privileges, Authorities,Penalties, Forfeitures, Punilhments, Matters, and Things, were repeated or re-enafted in this Aft : Provided always, that nothing herein contained lhall extend or be conltrued to extend to enable the faid Commiffioners to- take any Water, Land, or Ground belonging to Dame Jane IVilfon and Sir Thomas Maryon Wilfon Baronet, without the Confent of the faid Dame Jane Wilfon, and Sir Thomas Maryon IVilfon, his Heirs or Affigns in Writing under his, her, or their Hands firft had and obtained.

"No Springs or IV. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That no Spring or Land bcl.ng- Springs of Water arifing upon the Eftate of John Bowater Efquire, lhall Bcwater to be be had or taken from any Part of his faid Eftate, for fupplying fuch tsicen without Refervoir or Refervoirs, or the faid Inhabitants, or either of them, by the his Confent. faid Commiffioners, without the Confent of the faid John Bowater, his Heirs or Affigns, in Writing for that Purpofe firft had and obtained.

Satisfaction V. Provided always, and be it enafted. That all an 1 every Body or for Damages. Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Truftee, or other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever. Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands or other Hereditaments, in, through, or upon which any Refervoirs, Aqueduft, or other Works hereby authorized are intended to be made, may accept and receive Satisfaction for the Damages to be fuf-tained by the making and completing the faid Works, or for the Life of any Water, by an annual Rent, as lhall be agreed upon by and between the faid Parties refpectively, or any of them, (and which they are hereby empowered to do), and the faid Commilfioners ; and in cafe rhe faid Commiffioners and the Parties interefted in fuch Lands, Hereditaments, / or Water, cannot agree as to the Amount of fuch Annual Rent, then the fame lhall be afeertained and fettled by the Verdift of a Jury, in Manner directed by the faid recited Aft, except as to the faid Dame Jane Wilfon and Sir Thomas Maryon Wilfon, Baronet, his Heirs and Affigns.

Power to bor' VI. And be it further enafted, That it lhall and may be lawful to and row Money. for the faid Commiffioners, or any Seven or more of them, from Time to Time to borrow and take up at Intereft fuch Sum or Sums of Money for the Purpofes of this Aft as they lhall think proper, not exceeding the Sum of Fourteen thoufand Pounds upon the Credit of the Rates and Affeffinents hereby authorized to be impofed, and to affign and make over the faid Rates and Afteffinems, or any Part thereof, as a Security for fuch Money to the Perfon or Perfons who lhall advance the fame, or to his, her, or their Trultce or Truftees by Deed of Mortgage, or by

Grant

48® GEORGII HI. Cap. i+6.	2809

Grant of Annuities, in like Manner and Form, and with and fubjeft to the like Powers and Directions for transfering every fuch Mortgage or Annuity and regiftering the fame refpeftively, and to the like Remedies,

Regulations, and Provifions, touching and concerning the fame as re mentioned and contained in thefaid recited Aft refpefting the borrowing of Money and the Securities to be made for the fame.

VII.	And whereas a Survey hath been taken and aPlan with a proper Book of Reference thereto hath been made in confequence thereof, in order to b en taken and (hew the Grounds neceflary for making fuch Refervoir or Refervoirs, and Plan made, the Courfe or Lines of Pipes neceflary for the conveying Water for fup-plying the faid Town and Parifh therewith ; he it therefore enafted.

That there fhall be Two Parts made of the faid Plan and Book of That there

Reference thereto, which fhall be certified by the Right Honour- p^ts^of the°

able the Speaker of the Houfe of Commons, and one Part thereof faid Plan cer*

fhall be depofited with the Clerk of the Peace for the faid County of

Kent, and the other thereof with the Clerk of the faid CommilTioners; Houfe of

to either of which Plans and Books of Reference all Perfons fhall have Common*,

Liberty to refort and to examine or make Extrafts therefrom, or Copies of

tne fame, as Occafion fhall require, paying to the faid refpeftive Clerks for

Copies or Extracts from fuch reipeftive Books of Reference after the Rate

of Sixpence for every One hundred Words, and fo in proportion for any

greater or lefs Number of Words; and fuch Plans and Books of Reference

fo certified, or true Copies thereof figned by fuch refpeftive Clerks, (hall

be and is hereby declared to be good Evidence in all Courts of Law or

cllewhere ; and the Clerk for 'he Time being to the faid Commiflioners

(hall, and is hereby required from Time to Time to produce fuch Plan

and Book of Reference fo depofited with him as aforefaid, upon Eight

Days Notice givjen to him in Writing for that Purpofe, before any Jury

or Juries to be impannelled by virtue of this or the faid recited Aft, at

the Time or Place to be mentioned in fuch Notice, in order that the fume

may be taken and then given in Evidence.

VIII.	And be it further enafted. That the faid Commiflioners ihal! not in commlTon-making the faid Refervoir or Refervoirs, or in laying the faid Pipes for ers fhall not the Conveyance of the faid Water, deviate mote than Ten Yards from the makhlp Refer-faid Refervoir or Refervoirs, or the Line and Courfe ot the faid Pipes de- voir* or in lay. icribedin the faid Map or Plan, without the Conlent and Approbation in Jhan>,PiCen'Or0 Writing of thePerion or Perlons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Yards. Collegiate, through whole Lands or Grounds fuch Deviation (hall be

made.

IX.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful Lawful f. r to and for the laid Commiflioners to make fuch Refervoir or Refervoirs, Commiflion-and to Jay the Line and Courfe of the faid Pipes in, through, acrofs, or Refervoirs'on over the I ands and Grounds of any Perfon or Perfons, BoGy or Bodies any Lan ds Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate whatfoever, whofe Name or Names DevUtUaftiall (hail appear to the Satisfaftion of any Two Jullices of the Peace for extend.

the faid County of Kent, and be by them certified under their Hands to be by Miftake omitted in the faid Book of Reference, or that inftead thereof the Name or Names of fome other Perfon or Perfons,

Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, to whom fuch Lands and Grounds do not belong, hath or have been by Miftake inferted \Loc.& Per. |	31	iV	therein	$

2.8ro	48“ GEORGII III. Cap. 146.

therein ; anv Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywifo notwithfhnding.

fhe^hfbitn8:	n ^urtber enabled, That the fiid Commiffioners may lay

ants with	Pipes into the Houfes or Offices of fnch of the Inhabitants of the faid Town

Km*'tin"’	an^ Pir*(h fexcept as herein-after mentioned) as ffiall be defirous of

Rxt!^g 1 6 having the Water conveyed into the fame by the faid Commiffioners, or they the faid Commiffioners may authorize and empower fuch Inhabitants, at their own Expence, to open the Ground between the Pipes belonging to the faid Commiffioners and the relpe&ive Houfes and Offices of fuch Inhabitants (except as herein-after mentioned), and to lay Leaden or other Pipes (the Bore thereof to be afeertained by the faid Commiffioners, or any Seven or more of them) from fuch refpeCtive Houfes or Offices to *	communi ate with the Pipes belonging to the faid Commiffioners in any

Street, L ane, Paffage, or Place within the faid Town and Parilh, fuch refpe&ive Inhabitants making Satisfaction, in the Manner directed by *	the faid recited ACt, to the Owners and Occupiers of and Perfons interefled

in any Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which ffiall or may be injured by fuch Inhabitants, and alio paying to the faid Commiffioners fuch Sum or Sums of Money for fuch Water, not exceeding the Rates herein-after mentioned, as the faid Commiffioners, or any Seven or more of them, ffiall from Time to Time think proper; that is to fay, the Occupier of every Dwelling Houfe and Premiles connected therewith, rated by virtue of the faid recited ACt at or underTvventy Pounds per Annum, the Sum of Twenty Shillings yearly, and rated as aforefaid at Twenty-one Pounds per Annum and upwards, the Sum of One Shilling yearly for every Twenty Shillings at which fuch Houfe and Premifes ffiall be rated; which Sums ffiail be paid quarterly in advance ; and in cafe of default in Payment of any fuch Sum or Sums of Money it ffiall and may be lawful for the faid Commiffioners or any Seven or more of them, to caufe the Pipe or Pipes, although belonging to the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Default, and communicating with any main Pipe or Pipes belonging to the faid Commiffioners, to be fcparated from the fame Pipe or Pipes with which the fame ffiall fo communicate, and to caufe the Water to be flopped from iffuing or running into the Houfe or Office of every Perfon making fuch Default; and that the Sum and Sums of Money which' ffiall be due and in Arrear from fuch Perfon or Perfons to the faid Commiffioners ffiall and may be recovered by the faid Commiffioners, or any Seven or more of them, by Diflrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfons liable to pay the fame, in the fame Manner as Rents payable by any Leafe may by Law be recovered j and if any Perfon ffiall lay or caufe to be laid any Leaden or other Pipe to communicate with any main Pipe or other Pipe belonging to the faid Commiffioners, without fuch Confent having been obtained as aforefaid, every fuch Perfon ffiall forfeit and pay to the faid Commiffioners the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Day fuch Pipe ffiall fo remain : Provided always, that fuch Inhabitants as ffiall have JaidLeaden Pipes as aforefaid, ffiall be at liberty to remove and take away the fame, and the Cocks thereto belonging.

fStant9Cf XI- And be.it furtber enabled, That fuch Inhabitants or Occupiers of may aijrtc or within the faid Town and Pariffias may exercifeor carry on the Trades miliioievs for or Bufmeffes of Brewers or Diftillers, Maltfters or Manufacturers, as ffiall

Water.	.	8	be

28ir

48° GEORGII ill. Cap. 146.

■bedefirous of having theWater laid into their refpeflive Houfes or Offices, may and are hereby authorized and empowered, at their own Expencej having fir ft obtained the Confent in Writing of the faid Commiffioners*, to open the Ground between the Pipes belonging to the faid ( ommiffioiiers and the refpedive Brewhoufesor Diftilterits of fuchlaft mentioned Inhabitants or Occupiers refpedively, and to lay Leaden Pipes, the Bore thereof to be afcertained by the faid Commiffioners as aforefaid, from fuch refpec-tive Brewhoufes or Diftilleries, to communicate with the faid Commiffion-ers Pipes in any Road, Street, Lane, Pafiage, or Place within the faid Town and Parifh, fuch Tefpedive Inhabitants or Occupiers thereof Tefpedively paying to the faid Commiffioners, their Succelfors and Affigns, yearly, quarterly, or monthly, fuch Sum or Sums of Money for fuch Water as lhall be afcertained and agreed upon between fuch laft-men-tioned Inhabitants and the faid Commiffioners ; and in cafe of Default in Payment of any fuch Sum or Sums of Money fo to be afcertained and agreed to be paid as aforefaid, it fhall be lawful for the faid Commif-oners to caufe the Pipe or Pipes belonging to the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Default, and communicating with any main Pipe or Pipes belonging to the faid Commiffioners to be feparated from the Pipe or Pipes with which the fame lhall fo communicare, and to caufe the Water to be Hopped from iffuing or running into the Houfe or Offices of every or any fuch Perfon or Perfons making fuch Default, and th2t the Sum and Sums of Money which fhall be due and in Arrear from fuch Perfon. or Perfons to the faid Commiffioners, lhall and may be recovered from fuch Perfon or Perfons in like Manner as any other Rates are herein dirededta be recovered; and if any fuch Inhabitant or Perfon refpedively lhall lay or caufe to be laid any Leaden or other Pipe to communicate with any main Pipe or other Pipe belonging to the laid Commiffioners, without fuch Confent being obtained as aforefaid, every fuch Perfon lhall forfeit and pay to the faid Commiffioners the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Day luch Pipe lhall fo remain.

XII.	And be it further enabled, That in cafe any Surplus lhall at any Time arife of the faid Rates and Alfeffnients, after paying the Imereft of the Money borrowed and the Expences of carrying this Ad into Execution, the fame fhall be applied towards the Relief, Maintenance, and Support of the Poor of the faid Pariffi of Woolwich, in. fuch Manner as the faid 'Commiffioners, or any Seven or more of them, lhall think proper.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Inhabitant of the faid Town and Parifn, or any'other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, fupplied with Water by virtue of this Ad, fhall fupply any other Inhabitant thereof, or any other Perfon whatfoever, with any Part of fuch Water-that in every fuch Cafe every Perfon fo offending lhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay to the faid Commiffioners any Sum not exceediar Forty Shillings; and it lhall alfo be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, or any Seven or more of them, if they fhali fo think fit, alfo to take off the Water from the Houfe or Office of any Perfon fa offending for every fuch Offence.

XIV.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enaded, That nothing herein contained lhall extend to Pubjed any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever fupplied with Water by virtu? of this Ad, to any Penalty or Forfeiture, for

fupply ing

Snrplus of the Rates to be applied to the Relief of the Poor.

Perfons fnp-plied with Water under the Act not to fupply others.

Except in cer. tain Cafes,

38l2

Ba’1 r'ock$ to be provided it ('iiternt.

Penalty for

injuring the Water.

Water may be ufed for extin-guiihing Fires.

Commidion-ers mav |>ur-chafe Ground for a Market without previ-

ehafing the old Market.

4&*GEORGII III. Cap. 146.

fupp’ying any other Perion or Perfons, alfo fupplied with Water by virtue ot this Act, with any Quantity of luch Water during fuch I ime that the Pipes or Cocks of luch laft mentioned Perfon (hall or may happen to be out of Repair, fuch ^ipef or Cocks neverthejefs being repaired as loon as poflible after any Damage (hall happen thereto.

XV And be it enabled, That every Perfon or Perfons contra&ing with 1 the laid Commiflioners for the Supply of Water (hall in every Water Butt, Ciftern, or Receptacle for Water ro be p-ovided by the faid Parties fo contracting, attach and fix 2. Ball Cock to the Pipe conveying Water from the Pipes belonging to the faid Commiflioners into fuch Butt, Ciftern, or other Receptacle (it required bv the faid Commiflioners fo to do), and to repair and renew the fame as often as (hall be nece(fary,in order to prevent the Water running to wade, when fuch Butt, Ciftern, or other Receptacle (hall be full, and luch Perfon or Perfons negle&ing to attach and fix or to repair and renew fuch Ball Cock, dial I forfeit to the faid Commil-fioners a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every Offence ; and any One of the laiJ Commiflioners or the authorized Servant or Servants of the faid Commiflioners (hall have free accefs (at all feafonable Times) ro the Premifes fo to be fupplied as afurefaid, to fee that fuch Ball Cocks aie kept in proper and fuffkient Repair and Condition.

XVI.	And in order topreferve the Water to be conveyed into the faid Town and Parilh pure and wholefome, be it tnafted, That no Perfon (hall bathe in any of the faid Refervoirs or Bafons, or wafh any Dogs or other Animals therein, or caft, throw, orput any Dog or Cat, or other Filth, Dirt, or any noifome or offenfive Thing, or wafli or clean any Cloth, or any Wool, Cotton, Linen, Leather, or any noifome or offenfive Thing, in any of the faid Refervoirs or B ffons, or fuffer the Water of any Sink, Sewer, or Drain to run or be conveyed into the fame, or into any of the faid Pipes, or caufe any other Annoyance to be done to the Water thereof, upon Pain of forfeitirg to the faid Commiflioners for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings ; and the faid Commiflioners, or ehher of them, or any other Perfon, without other Authority than this Ad, may apprehend every fuch Offender, and him detain until he can be taken before a Magiftrate, to be dealt wLh according to Law.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any Perfon and Perfons whatfoever, at all Times to ufe and employ the Water which (hall fo as aforefaid be contained in the faid Pipes, in extingui(king any Fire or Fires which may happen to any Houfe or Building within the faid Town and Parifh. without making any Com-penfation or Satisfaction for the fame to the faid Commiflioners, or any other Perfon or Perfons whatfoever; and that proper Fire Plugs, with painted Directions or Marks on the Houfes and Buildings in the faid Town and Parilh, (hall be provided at the Expence of the faid Commiflioners.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners, or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to treat, contract, and agree, with any Perfon or Perfons whomfoeyer for the Purchafe of aPiece of Ground within the faid Town, not exceeding One Acre and a Half, or to take and accept a Leafe thereof, for any Term not being .left than

"Eighty

48° GEORGII III. Cap. >46.	2813

Eighty Years, at a full or nominal Ground Rent for the fame, and to ered a Market-houfe, Shambles, and other necefiary Buildings thereon, as the fafd Ctimihiffioners* or'any'Seven or more of them, (hall think proper, without previoufly • purthafing the prefent Market-houfe,

Shambles, arid Erections -attached thereto; fubject neverthelefs to all the other Regulations, Rrovifibns; and- Reftrictions contained in the faid recited Act, with refpect to the Market and Shambles thereby authorized to be purchafed or erected : Provided always, that nothing herein contained fhal? ekfehcl,-or be conitrued to extend, to deprive the faid Com-miffioners of the Powers given by the faid Act of contracting and agreeing for the Purchafe of the-prefent Market, Shambles, Buildings, and Erections attached thereto T Provided aho, that the fa d Commiffioners may and they, are hereby empowered to take and accept a Leafe of fuch laft-mentioned Market, Shambles, Buildings, Erections, and Premifes, if they fhould think it proper and expedient fo to do.

XIX.	And whereas His Majefty King James the Firft, by Letters Patent bearing Date the Firft Day of June in the Sixteenth Year of His Reign, did grant that Sir William Barne Knight, and Hugh Lydiard Efquire, and their Heirs and Affigns, fhould and might for ever thereafter have, hold, and keep, within the Town of Woolwich, and the Liberties and Precintts of the fame, one Market Day on the Friday in every Week, yearly, to be holden and kept, and alfo Two Fairs or Marts yearly, One on the Firft Day of June, and the other on the Feaft Day of Saint Simon and Saint Jude, together with the incident feparate Pie powder Courts, for the Time of the faid Fails or Marts refpe&ively to beheld, and with all Liberties and free Cuftoms, Tollage, Sud’age, Piccage, Fines, Amerciaments, and all oihrr Profits, Commodities, Advantages, and Emoluments whatfoever, to the faid Ma'kets, Fairs, or Marts, and Piepowder Courts belonging, appertaining, arifing, or happening ; and by the faid Letters Patent Hrs faid Majefty did ftri£Uy enjoin, charge, and command that the faid Sir William Barne and Hugh Lydiard, their Heirs and Affigns, fhould have, hold, and keep the faid Market and Fairs at the Times afore-faid, forever, together with the incident Piepowder Courts, and all and every Stallage, Tollage, Cuftoms, Piccage, Fines, Amerciaments, Rights,

Jurif i&ions, Privileges, Profits, Commodities, Advantages, and Emoluments whatfoever, to the faid Market, Fairs, Marts, and Piepowder Court4- p naming, arifmg, happening, or in anywife due : Be ir therefore

enabled. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Perfon orPerfons Lawfultotak* who for the Time being, or his, her, or their. Heirs and Affigns, is and are Toll*« entitled under the faid Letters Patent to hold and keep a Market in the fard Town of Woohcich, to demand and take for his, her,and their own Ufe and Benefit in the faid Maiket fo to be ere&ed and eftabliffied as aforelaid, from and after the fame Market fhall be opened and uled, fuch and the like Tollage as he, (he, and they is and are enabled to take and receive by virtue of the faid Letters Patent in the prefent Market.

XX.	And be it further ena&ed, That fuch Market fhall be holden on Market to be

the Wednefday and Saturday in each and every Week, (Cbriftmas Days and	■“

Faft Days by Proclamation only excepted), during the Whole of fuch	"

reipetlive Days.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in the faid Act not to

recited A& or this A£t contained, fhall be deemed or conftrued to extend ™lur'K%n' of

r T c .	.	r\	Proprietor uf

\LoC. & 1 er.J	31	D	to	the Market

2814.

Commiflion-

unLvholefomc Meat, &c.

No Pipes, See. to be laid through Ground be-loneing to the Ordnance or

Expences of the Act.

PuUick Act.

48* GEORGII 111. Cap. 146.

to prevent or hinder the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to hold the Markets in the faid Town of Woolwich by virtue of the laid recited Letters Patent, from demanding, receiving, and enforcing Payment of the Tollage he, (he, or they is and are enabled to take and receive by fuch Letters Patent, nor from exerciling all or any of the Powers and Remedies thereby given and granted refpefting the fame.

XXII.	And be it further enacted. That from and after the paffirg of this Ad it fhal! and may belawfultoand for the faid Commilficners, or any One of them, or any Perfon dulv aphorized by any Seven or more of them, by any Writing under their Hands, to feize, take, and deftroy any putrid, (linking, or unwholefome Meat or Victuals, which may be fold, expofed for or intended for Sale, in any Market, Shamble, Shop, or Place, within the faid Town or Parilh, and alfo any illegal Scales, Weights, Meafures, or Beams, which may be ufed or found within the faid Town or Parilh; and may alio feize, take, and give to the Poor of the faid Parilh any Bread which may be fold or expofed to Sale deficient in the Weight preferibed by Law, or which lhail be made contrary to Law; and every Perfon having in his, her, or their Cuftody or PolTeffion, or who lhall fell or expofe for Sale any fuch unwholefome Meat or Victuals, or lhall have in his Cuftody or PolTeffion any fuch illegal Scales, Weights, Meafures, or Beams, or any fuch Bread deficient in Weight, or made contrary to Law as aforefaid, lhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XXIII.	And be it further enabled. That no Refervoirs, Pipes, or other Works hereby authorized lhall be made, laid, orerefted, nor lhall any Stones, Sand, Gravel, or other Materials for the Purpofes of this Aft be learched for, got, gathered, or taken away, in, upon, through, over, from, or out of any Land or Ground belonging to His Majefly, appropriated to or under the Direftions of the Departments of His Majefly's Ordnance or Navy at Woolwich aforefaid, or to either of them, without the Content in Writing of any Three or more of the Principal Officers of His Majefly’s Ordnance or Commiffioners of the Navy refpeftively for the Time being, fignified under their refpeftive Seals of Office.

XXIV.	And be it further enaft~d, That all the Colls, Charges, and Fx-pences, ncident to or attending the obtaining and palling of this Aft, lhali be borne, paid, and defrayed out of the Firfi Rate or Rates to be made in purfuance of this Aft.

XXV.	And be ir further enafted. T hat this Aft lhall be deemed and taken to be aPublick Aft, and lhall bejudic ally taken Notice of as fuch, by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecialiy pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moll Excellent Majefly. 1808.

anno quadragesimo octavo

GEORGII III. REGIS.



Cap. 147*

An Act for repairing the Road from Milford to Stain-ton., and to Merlin s Bridge, and from thence to Cartlet Bridge, and to the Top of Merlin s Hill, in the County of Pembroke. [30th 'June 1808.]

WHEREAS an Ad was palled. in the Thirty-firft Year of His prefent Majelly, intituled, An Aft for opening a new Road from 3 Milford in the County of Pembroke to Stainton, and for amending and widening the Road from the /aid new Road, through Stainton and Johnfton to Merlin’s Bridge in the fame County: And whereas the Truftees appointed to put the faid Ad into Execution, have borrowed feveral Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tells thereby granted, which {till remain due, and the faid Road cannot be kept in good Repair ; nor can the Money fo due be repaid, unlefs the Term of the faid Ad be further continued, and the Powers amended: And whereas it would be of great Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and of great public Utility, if the Line of Road from near Merlin*s Bridge in the County of Pembroke to. Cartlet Bridge, which is over Merlin’s Hill, with an Afcent of Seven Inches in the Yard, and its Defcent through High->treet in the Town and County of Haverfordwejl, equally deep, where the Street is only Nine Feet wide, was rendered fafe and commodious by going round its Bafe nearly on a Level, with very trifling Increafe of Diftance ; and a new Read from Merlin’s Bridge afore-faid to the Top of Merlin’s Hill in the faid Town and County, was made [Loc. & Per.]	31 P	and

28*8	4-8°	GEORGII	III.	Cap.1^7.

and repaired, and put under the Care of the Truftees for repairing the faid Road; and a new Bridge was erected over the River Clydy at the Town of Haverfordwejl: May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s moft Excellent Majeftv, by and with die Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Comfnons, in this prefent Parliament aiTembled, and by the Authority of

Act lepcalcd. the (June, T hat all the Tolls, Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures*, Punifhments, Exemptions, Claufes, Provifions, Matters and Things contained in the faid Act (hall, from and after the Day appointed for the Commencement of this Ad, be. and the fame are hereby repealed ; and that from thenceforth the feveral lolls, Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punifhments, Exemptions, Claufes, Matters, and Things herein contained, (hall be put in Execution, and ihall continue in Force during the Term herein-after mentioned, for the Purpofe of opening, amending, widening, keeping in Repair, and improving the Roads herein-after mentioned; and that this Ad, and the additional Term hereby granted, fhall be fubjed and liable to the Payment, as well of all Sums of Money now due and owing upon the Credit of the faid Ad, as of fuch other Sum or Sums of Money as fhall or may be borrowed for the Purpofes of this prefent Ad, and all Intereft due, and to grow due, for the fame refpedively.

Tru/tees.	II. And be it further enaded. That Jofeph Adams, John Allen, William

Allen, Hugh Barlow, Jofeph Fojler Barham, the Honourable John Campbell, the Honourable George Pryfe Campbell, John Crymes, Lewis Child, William Davies, William Dobbins, John Herbert Foley, the Right Honourable Charles Francis Greville, the Honourable Robert Fulke Greville, John Higgon, John Hopkins, George Harris, Richard le Hunt, Richard James, John Jones Clerk of Stainton, John Jones Clerk of Huberjlon, the Right Honourable WilliAm Lord Kenfington, Henry Leach, John Mirehoufe, Thomas Morris, George Parry, George Phelps, John Phelps, Nathaniel Phillips, Benjamin Rotch, George Koch, Thomas Shaw, Gwynne Gill Vaughan, Thomas Williams, Thomas Wright, and the Mayor ot the County of the Town of Haverfordwejl for the Time being, and their Succeffors, to be appointed in the Manner herein-after mentioned, fhall be and are hereby appointed Truftees for making, keeping, and repairing the Road from Priory Pill which feparates Huberjlon Making from Milford, through Stainton to Merlin's Bridge, and for opening, making, and repairing, a new Road from the lundion of Huherfton and Milford Roads, in a South-eafl Direction, making the northern Termination of the Pembroke Ferry Road, and from thence in a more eafterly Diredion acrofs the Rivulet of Haroldjlon by the Priory to the South End of Quay Street, in the Town of Haverfordwejl, and to open and widen Quay Street where necefiary, including its northern Extremity which forms the Eaft Boundary of Short Row, oppofite Somers Lane, in the faid Town, and for making and repairing a new Road from Merlin's Bridge aforefaid to the Top of Merlins Hill, with a Rife not exceeding Three Inches in a Yard, and for leaking and keeping in Repair a new Bridge of Stone, acrofs the River Clydyj and the Eaft Avenue thereunto, acrofs a Marfh Field to the Weft End of Cart let Bridge, and for putting-this Ad into Execution; and that when any-Truftee by this Ad appointed, as herein-after mentioned, fhall die, or fhall'refufe to ad in the Execution of the Powers hereby granted, it fhall be lawful for the Amoving or remaining Truftees, or any Five or more of them, under their Handa and 8eals to appoint a Tru’ftefc m the "Room of every Truftee dying, or *5	‘	refilling

48<>GEOR.GII III. Cap.i 47.	2819

refufmg to aft, and every Perfon fo appointed (hall and may act in the Execution of this Aft, as fully as any Trultce hereby appointed is

empowered to aft.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enafted,That the Width of the width of cer-

Road to be made along Somers Lane, leading to the new Bridge over the	°f

Clydy, fhaii not be lels than Thirty Feet; and from Somers Lane to the

South End of Quay Street fhall be aS near as practicable Thirty Feet, but in no Part of the faid new Road from Merlin's Bridge to Cartlet Bridge fhall the fame be lefs than Twenty Feet in Width, if the Road (hall be fet out on the North Side of the Mill Leat which runs over the Haroldjlon Lands of Benjamin Jones Elquire ; but fhould the Truftees fet out the Road to the Southward of the Rivulet in the faid Haroldjlon Lands, the whole Line of Road from Priory to Merlin's Bridge fhall be Thirty Feet wide, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That the Corporation or ceitifkateof

Parifhes of Haverfordwefi fhall depofit in the Office of the Clerk of the	°eff whh

Peace, on or before the Firft Day of Auguft next, for the Satisfaction of the cleriYof the Truflees, a Certificate, figned by a fkilful Surveyor, that the faid the Peace* Road, from Merlin's Bridge to the lop of Merlin s Hill, has been fet out

and opened, and, when neceffary,-fhall be fenced by the Corporation or Parifhes as aforefaid, and is conformable, without any Variation to the Line of the faid Road deferibed by the Letters B, M and C on the Plan, depofited, as herein-after mentioned, at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Pembrokei

V.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That no Perfon fhall Qualification be capable of afting as a Truftee in the Execution of this Aft, unlefs he be of Truftee*. in his own Right or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual PofTeflion

and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments. of the clear yearly Value of Forty Pounds, or fhall be Heir Apparent of feme Perfon having fuch an Eflate of the clear yearly Value of Eighty Pounds, or dial I be poflefied of a Perfonal Eflate to the Amount or Value of Eight hundred Pounds, nor fhall any fuch Perfon be capable of afting in the Execution of this Aft, favc and except in adminiftering the Oath following to the other Truftees, until he, (not being fuch Heir Apparent as aforefaid),' fhall have taken and fubferibed the Oath following, before any Two or more of the faid Trullees, who Are hereby authorized and required to adminifler the fame, (that is to fay):

‘ T	do fwear that I truly and bond fide Oath,

6 A am in my own Right [or, in Right of my Wife, as .the Cafe may bej\

‘ lit the aftual Poffefliori or Enjoyment of Lands, Tenements or Heredita-* ments of the clear yearly Value of Forty Pounds, or poflefied of a ‘ Perfonal Eflate of the Amount or Value of Eight hundred Pounds.

4 So help me GOD.'

And if any Perfon not fo qualified fhall prefume to aft as a Truftee in tile Execution of this Aft, every fuch Perfon fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Pounds to any Perfon or Perfons who fhall fue for the fame, to be recovered in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record by Aftioti of Debt or on the Cafe; and every Perfon to profecuted

fhall

2&20	4S"GE0RGI1 III. Cap. 147.

fliali prove that he is qualified as aforefaid, or otherwife fhall pay the faid Penalty, upon Proof made of his having aCted as a Truftee in the Execution of this Act : Provided neverthefeTs, that fuch ACts and Proceedings which fliali have been done and performed by any fuch Perfon, touching the Execution of this ACt, previous to his being convicted of the Offence before mentioned, fhall, notwithftanding fuch Conviction, be as valid and effectual as if fuch Perfon had been qualified according to the Directions of this ACt.

■fniflee; r.-.ay VI. Provided alfo, That fuch of the faid Truftees as are or fhall be in net asjuitii.es* the ConmiiiTion of the Peace for the County of Pembroke, may neverthelefs aCt as Juftices of the Peace in the Execution of this ACt, except only in fuch Cafes where they fhall be perfonally interefted, but no Perfon fhall be capable of acting as a Truftee in the Execution of this ACt, in any Cafe Where he fhall be concerned in Interefl, or during the Time he fhall hold any Place of Profit under this ACt.

Meetings. VII. And be it further enaCted, That the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, fhall meet on the Eighteenth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and eight at the Nelfon Hotel in the Town of Milford, within the faid County, and fhall proceed to the Execution of this ACt, and fliali and. may then, and from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn themfelves, and afterwards meet at the fame or any other Place or Places, as the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, fliali think proper and neceffary for putting this A Ct into Execution; and if it fhall happen that there fhall not appear, at any Meeting appointed to be holden in purfuance of this ACt, a fufficient Number of Truftees to aCt, or to adjourn to another Day, then the Clerk to the faid Truftees fhall adjourn fuch Meeting to fome Day, from the Day on which fuch Meeting was appointed to be holden, and fhall caufe Notice thereof to be affixed on all the Turnpikes which fhall be ereCted by virtue of this ACt, at leaft Ten Days before the Day to which fuch Meeting fhall be fo adjourned; and the faid Truftees, at their Meetings, fhall defray their own Expences; and all Orders and Determinations of the faid Tiuftees in the Execution of this ACt fhall be made at Meetings to be held in purfuance of this ACt, and not otherwife, and no fuch Order or Determination fhall be valid, unlefs the Majority of the Truftees prefent at a Meeting fhall concur therein, fuch Majority not being lefs than the Number of Truftees by this ACt authorized to make fuch Order or Determination, nor fhall any fuch Order or Determination be revoked or altered at any fubfequent Meeting, unlefs Ten or more Truftees fhall be prefent, and concur therein ; provided neverthelefs, that Two Truftees fliali be fufficient for the Purpofes only of adjourning the Meetings of the Truftees.

Truftees may VIII. And be it further enacted, That the faid Truftees, or any Five appoint of- or more of them, may and are hereby authorized and impowered, from ficers.	Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands to continue or appoint a

Clerk, Treafurer. and Surveyor or Surveyors of the faid Eoads, and alfo fuch Collectors of the Tolls hereby granted ; and fuch other Offieeis, as Security to	think	neceflary or proper, and any fuch Clerk, Treafurer,

betaken from Surveyor, Collectors, and other Officers, from Time to Time to remove and coUecrer or difPlace’ as theY &aI1 think fit; and the faid Truftees, or any Five or tor*. ec" more of them, fhall and arc hereby required to take fuch Security from

'■ every

2821

*v«

t a fucb afidil*

My Cits

MUl

iWaJ Miifiri, kii A3, adjourn late or ilia ; i;U

i, or 11 iiijoin it* ms oa ill dl Tea I; and ;; and a£ this t, and

taein, as A3 'foci sing, pro-jofes

five fa® nr a aid

, a*

IB)

0‘

id

p

48“ GEORG!I III. Cap. 147.

every fuch Treafurer and Collector* for the due and faithful Execution of his Office, as they fhall think proper, and may and are hereby authorized and impowered, out of the Money anting by virtue of this A6t, to allow and pay to every fuch Clerk, 1 reafurer. Surveyor, Collector, and other Officer to be appointed as aforefaid, and to fuch other Perfons as fhall be employed in or about the Execution of this Aft, luch Salaries or other Allowances, for their Attendance, Care, and Services therein, as to the faid Truftees (hall feem reafonable ; but no Perlbn (hall be capable of No v;<ftuaj. holding any Place of Profit under the faid Truftees who (hall left any ,i«t ro hold a Ale, Wine, or Spirituous Liquors, by Retail; and every Treafurer, £^rt°/r Collector, and other Officer and Perfon, who (hall be employed in the An. Receipt and Expenditure of any of the Money which (hall be collected or received by virtue of this Aft, (hall from Time to Time, as often as thereunto required by the faid 1 ruftees, or any Five or more of them, produce and give to the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, or to fuch Perfon as they (hall appoint, a true and perfect Account, in Writing under his Hand, of all the Money which he (hall have collected or received, and how and to what Ufes the lame hath been paid and applied, together with proper Receipts and Vouchers for fuch Payments, and (hall pay all fuch Money as (hall remain in his Hands to fuch Perfon as the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, (hall direct and appoint, and every fuch Officer and other Perfon (hall verify every fuch Account upon Oath, if thereunto required by the laid Truftees, or any Five or more of them (which Oath any Two of the faid Truftees are hereby impowered to ad-minifter); and in cafe any fuch Officer or Perfon fhall refufe or negledt to pay the Money which (hall appear to remain in his Hands, according to the Directions of this Act, it (hall be lawful for any Two Juftices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein fuch Perfon (hall be or refide, to make Enquiry touching fuch Neglebt or Refufal in a fummary Way, as well by the Confeffion of the Party, as by the Oath of any credible Witnefs,

(which Oath fuch Juftices are hereby impowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward,) and by Warrant under their Hands and Seals to caufe fuch Money as lhall appear to them to be due and unpaid, to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Perfon, rendering the Overplus, (if any,) after the Money remaining due, and the Charges of making fuch Diftrefs and Sale, (hall be deducted; and if lufficient Diftrefs cannot be found, or if it (hall appear to any fuch Juftices in Manner aforefaid, that any fuch Officer or other Perfon (hall refufe, or wilfully neglect to give fuch Account, or to verify the fame in Manner as aforefaid, or to deliver up to the faid Truftees, or to fuch Perfon as they or any Five or more of them (hall appoint, within Five Days next after being thereunto required by the faid Truftees, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his Cuftody or Power, relating to the Execution of his Office, or of this Act, fuch Juftices (hall commit him to the common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he (hall make and give a true and perfect Account, and verify the fame in Manner aforefaid, and (hall have paid the Money (if any) remaining in his Hands as aforefaid, according to the Direction of the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, or compounded with the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, for fuch Money, and paid fuch Compofition according to their Direction, or until he (hall deliver up fuch Books, Papers, and Writings as aforefaid, which faid Compofition the laid Truftees or any Five or more of them, are hereby impowered. to make and receive $ but no fuch Officer [Lor. & Per.]	3‘	-C.	who

2822

Truftees ma erect Turnpikes •

and collect Tolls.

Tolls,

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 147.

who (hall be committed on account of his not having fufficient Goods and Chattels as aforefaid, fliall be detained in Prifon for any longer Time than Six Calendar Months : Provided always, that when any Colledor of the faid Tolls /hall die, or become incapable of performing his Duty, it /hall be lawful for any Three or more of the faid Truftees, al though not aftem-bled at a Meeting in purfuance of this Aft, by Writing under their Hands to appoint a Perfon to be Colledor of fuch Tolls, and rhe Perfon fo appointed /hall have the like Power and Authority for the cclleding, receiving, and recovering thereof, as the Perfon he /hall fucceed was inverted with, until the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, /hall, at a Meeting to be holden by virtue of this Ad, appoint a Collector of the faid Tolls, any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

IX. And be it further enabled, That the faid Truftees, or any Five of more of them, /hall and may caufe to be continued or ereded, fuch Turnpikes upon or acrofs fuch Parts of the faid Road, between Priory Pill, near the faid Town of Milford and Cartlct Bridge aforefaid, and at or near the Sides of the faid Road, acrofs any Lanes or Ways leading into the faid Road, as they /hall think proper, and alfo a Toll Houfe to every fuch Turnpike, (if they think necefiary,) and /hall and may inclofeany adjoining Part of the faid Road, to be ufed as a Garden to every fuch Toll Houfe ; and /hall caufe to be demanded and taken at every fuch Turnpike the following Tolls, before any Cattle or Carriage /hall be permitted to pafs through the fame ; (that is to fay,)

For every Horfe or other Beaft of Draught drawing any Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Curricle, Chaife, Cala/h, or other fuch like Carriage or Hearfe, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horfe or other Beaft drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other fuch like Carriage, the Sum of Three-pence :

For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing the Sum of One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence per Score ; and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score ; and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Number : And

For every Perfon on Foot pafling over the River Clydy, and the new Bridge near Cartlet Bridge the Sum of One Half-penny :

Which faid refpedive Tolls /hall be and are hereby verted in the faid Truftees for the Purpofes of this Ad; and if any Perfon fubjed to the Payment of any of the faid Tolls fhall, after Demand thereof made by any Collector of the Tolls to be appointed as aforefaid, negled or refufe to pay the fame, or any Part thereof, it /hall be lawful for fuch Collector to feize and diftrain any Carriage, or any Horfe, or other Beaft or Cattle, upon or in refped of which any fuch Tolls are by this Ad imuofed, and to detain the fame until fuch Tolls, and the reafonable Charges-of detaining and keeping fuch Horfe or other Beaft or Cattle, /hall be paid; and if fuch Tolls, and the reafonable Charges of fuch Seizure and Diftrefs, and of detaining and keeping the fame, /hall not be paid within the Space of Five Days next after fuch Seizure and Diftrefs made, the Perfon or Per-fons fo feizingand diftraining /hall and inay fell the Carriage, or the Horfe

or

2% 2%

4SgGEORGII III. Cap* 147.

or other Bead or Cattle, fo feized and diftrained, rendering the Overplus (if any,) on Demand, to the Owner thereof, after fuch Tolls, and all reafonable Charges lhall be deducted.

X.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That no more than the Sum of To’! oncw. Three Farthings lhall be demanded or taken for every Florfe, or other r*f*'CoJv Beaft drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage laden only

with Coal or Culm, 01 Lime, or Manure, which lhall pafs over Merlin's Bridge to or from the Pembroke Ferry Road, or between Cart lei Bridge and the new Biidge over the Clydy ; nor more than One Half Toll for every Horfe or other Beall drawing any fuch Carriage laden as aforefaid between the Junction of the Huberjlon, Milford, and Pejiibroke Roads and Quay Street as aforefaid.

XI.	Provided alfo, and be it enafted, That no Tolls lhall be taken on ^oll ^ot to the faid new Road from Merlin's Bridge by Priory to Haverford'wcjl afore- certain* faid, until the faid Road lhall be made ; or on rhe Road from Merlin's ^ 'ce*

B ridge to the Top of Merlin's Hill aforefaid, until fuch Road is made;	**

nor at the Weft End of Cartlet Bridge, until the New Bridge over the Clydy is built and made paflable for Carriages.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Turnpikes and Toll Turnpike* Houfes, and the Materials of which the fame lhall confift, and all Mate- ruv;l } rials and other 1 hings which lhall be provided or purchafed by the faid ^Truft^cs! Truftees, or by their Surveyor or Surveyors, for the Purpofes of this Aft,

lhall be and are hereby veiled in the faid Truftees, and they, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to caule any Actions to be brought in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, or to direct the preferring of Indictments againft any Perfon or Perfons who lhall dig up, break, or pull down, Heal, take, or carry away, fpoil, injure, or deilroy any fuch Turnpike or Toll Iioufe, or any Part thereof, or any of the Materials or other Things which lhall be provided or purchafed as aforefaid.

XIII.	And be it further enafted, That no Perfon lhall be fubjeft to the To'l to be Payment of more than One Toll on any Day, to be computed from pa,d. Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the fucceeding ^ 3 ’ Night, for palling through all or any of the Turnpikes to be erefted at or near the Side of the Road from Milford to the Junction of the Milford and Huberjlon and Pembroke Roads near Merlin's Bridge, or more than One Half Toll at any Turnpike to be erefted on the faid New Line of Road between the Junftion of Milford and Huberjlon and Pembroke Roads, and the South End of Quay Street, or the Top of Merlin's Hill, nor more than One Toll at the Ealt Avenue of the New Bridge over the River Clydy, near Cartlet Bridge.

XIV.	And be it further enafted. That Tickets, marked Milford, lhall be delivered at the Gates between Milford and the New Line of Road near Merlin's Bridge, and Mi ford Priory, or Milford Merlin's Hill, at the Gates on the faid New Line of Road to the South End of Quay Street, or to the lop of Merlin's Hill, and Haverfordwefl, and Cartlet Bridge, on the Tickets delivered at the Gate or Gates at or near the New Bridge over the Clydy ; and the faid diftinft Tickets are hereby direfted to be

!3	delivered

Toll Ticket a Gates.

2824

Tolls may be leflened.

Exemptions.

48° GEORGI1 III. Cap. 147.

delivered by the Collectors gratis, that no one may claim or be entitled to Exemption for or by reafon of having paid Toll at any other Gate or Turnpike in the different Diftri&s ereCted and diftinguifhed by virtue of this ACt.

XV.	And be it further enaCted, That it fhall be lawful for the faid Truflees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby empowered, from Time to 'l ime, with the Confent of fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall be entitled to Five-fixths Parts or more of the Money which fhall be then due and owing upon the Credit of the faid Tolls, to leffen cr reduce all or any of the faid Polls for fuch Time or Times as the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them fhall think proper, and may afterwards from 1 ime to Time advance all or any of the Tolls fo leffened or reduced, to any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the refpe-ffive Rates hereinbefore mentioned ; and fuch reduced or advanced Tolls fhall and may be collected, levied, and recovered in fuch and the fame Manner as th e Tolls hereby granted are directed to be collected, levied, and recovered : Provided neverthelefs, that no fuch Alteration fhall be made in any of the faid 'Polls unlefs Ten Days previous Notice at the leaft of the Meeting to be holden for that Purpofe fhall have been given in fome Newfpaper publiflied or circulated within the faid County.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That no Perfon fhall be charged with or fubjeCt to the Payment of any of the Paid Tolls for or in refpect of any Carriages employed in carrying or conveying any Stones, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing the faid Road, or any other Roads or Highways within any of the Parifhes within which the faid Road doth lie, or any Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw, not fold or difpofed of, but to be laid up in the Houfes, Out-houfes, Barns, Yards, or Backfides of the Owners thereof, within the fame Parifh; or any Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Hufbandry ; or for or in refpeCt of any Horfes, or other Cattle or Sheep, going to or returning from Pafture or Watering-places ; or any Carriages or Horfes employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expreffes under the Authority of His Majefty’s Podmafter General; or for or in refpeCt of any Carriage, Horfe, or other Bead; carrying any of the Inhabitants of the faid Parifhes, on a Sunday, to or from any Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worfhip, licenfed by Law, to which they ufually refort; or attending the Funeral of any Perfon who fhall die and be buried within any of the laid Parifhes ; or carrying any Clergyman, or licenfed Minifter, going to or returning from vifiting any Pick Perfon, or upon other his Parochial or Minifterial Duty ; or for any Horfes belonging to Officers or Soldiers upon their March or upon Duty; or for any Carriage, Horfes or other Beads or Cattle, employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any fuch Officers or Soldiers, or in carrying any Pick, wounded, or difabled Officers or Soldiers; or for any Carriage or Horfe carrying Vagrants lent by legal Paffes; or carrying any Perfon to or from any Election of a Knight of the Shire or Member to ferve in Parliament for the County of Pembroke, the Borough of Pembroke, or the Town and County of Haverfordwejl, during the Time of fuch Election, or on the Day before or Day after fuch Ele&ion fnall begin or be concluded ; or for any Carriage, Horfe, or other Bead: or Cattle, unlefs the fame fhall pafs for the Space of One hundred Yards upon fome Part of the laid Road: Provided alfo, that if any Perfon fhall claim and take the Benefit

Of

48° GEORGII III. Gup. 147*	2825

of any of the Exemptions aforefaid, not being entitled to the fame, every fuch Perfon (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XVII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That if any Perfon or Penalty on Perfons fhall with any Carriage or Horfe, or other Bead or Cattle, pafs	thc

through any Land or Ground adjoining or lying near to any Turnpike to be ereCted by virtue of this Aft, (the fame not being a public Highway,) or if the Owner or Occupier of any fuch Land or Ground, fnaU knowingly permit or fuffer any Perfon or Perfons, with any Carriage or Horfe, or other Beaft or Cattle, to pafs through the fame, whereby the Payment of any of the faid Toils (hall be avoided, or if any Perfon fhall give to or receive from any Perfon, other than the Collectors of the faid Tolls, any Ticket by this ACt directed to be given by the laid Collectors, or fhall forge or counterfeit any fuch Ticket, or make Ufe of any fuch forged or counterfeited Tickets, knowing the fame to be forged or counterfeited, whereby the Payment of any of the faid Tolls fhall be avoided, or if any Perfon {hall forcibly pafs through any of the faid Turnpikes with any Carriage or Horfe, or other Beaft or Cattle, without Payment of the Tolls for the fame, or fhall take off, or caufe to be taken off, any Horfe, or other Beaft or Catde, from any Carriage, or leave, or caufe to be left, upon or near to any Part of the faid Roads any Horfe, or other Beaft or Cattle, or any Goods, and fhall thereby avoid the Payment of any of the laid 'Tolls, every Perfon offending in any of the Cafes aforefaid fhall, for every luch Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, whereof ©ne Moiety fhall be paid to the Informer.

XVIII.	And be it further enaCted, That it fhall and may be lawful to Tolls may be and .for the faid Truftees, and they are hereby empowered at any Meeting* ler* upon Twenty Days Notice being given in fuch Newfpaper or Newfpapers as aforefaid, and affixed on all and every the Turnpike Gates that fhall be (landing on the faid Roads, to let or farm the faid Tolls to b6 collected by-virtue of this A Cl, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Perfon or Perfons at and for the largeft yearly Sum that can be reafonably got for the fame, provided that the Leafes, Contracts, or Agreements of, or for the fame, be in Writing, and be duly executed, by the Perfon or Perfons taking or farming fuch Tolls, and alfo by the faid Truftees, but the fame fhall not be let for more than Three Years at any one Time ; and the Rent which fhall be 'agreed to be paid for the faid Tolls fhall be made payable and fhall be paid to the Treafurer to the faid Truftees, fo that one Quarterly Payment of fuch Rent fhall always be in Advance, or fufficient Security given for the Payment of fuch Rent to the Satisfaction of the faid Truftees, or in Default thereof every fuch Leafe, Contract, or Agreement fhall be null and void to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

XIX.	And be it further enaCted, That during fuch Time. as. the faid Le{rees f Tolls or any Part or Parts thereof fhall be leafed, demifed, ;or in farm to Toiffmay any Perfon or Perfons whomsoever, it fhall and may be lawful to and for ?PPoint V{r the Leffee or Leffees, Farmer or Farmers thereof, or fuch other Perfons as ceilVtle*' he or they fhall by Writing or Writings, under his or their Hand or Hands faH!C-authorize or appoint, to demand and take the faid Tolls fo leafed, demifed, or farmed, with the like Powers for the Recovery thereof, to all Intents and Purpofes as any Collector of the faid Tolls appointed by the faid [Loc. & Per.']	31	R	' Truftees

2826	GEORGII	III.	Cap.	147.

Truftees is hereby authorized and empowered to demand, take, and recover the fame; and fuch Leffee or Leflees. Farmer or Farmers, or other Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid fo demanding and taking the faid I oils, fhall be fubjed to the like Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and fhall be liable to the like Adions and Prolecutions as any Collector of the faid Tolls appointed by the faid Truftees is fubjed or liable to.

For fettling XX. And be it further enabled, That if any Difpute fhall happen about Difputei con* the Amouut of the Tolls, or the Charges of making, keeping, or felling caning Tolls. Diftrefs, it fhall be lawful for the Colledor or Perfon fo diflraining, to retain fuch Diftrefs, or the Money arifing from the Sale thereof (as the Cafe may happen) till the Amount of the 1 oils due and the Charges of the Diftrefs and Sale and of keeping the Diftrefs be afeertained by fome Juftice of the Peace for the faid County, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpofe, fhall examine the Matter on the Oath of the Parties or other Witnefs or Witneffes, and fhall determine the Amount of the Tolls due, and all’o artels the Charges of fuch Diftrefs and keeping, or Sale of the fame, and of the Colledor’s Attendance for that Purpofe upon the faid Juftice; all which Sums fo determined or affeffed fhall be paid to the faid Collector before he fhall be obliged to return the faid Diftrefs, or the Overplus, after Sale thereof, or any Part thereof.

XXI.	And be it further enacted, That in cafe any Difpute, Suit, or Litigation fhall arife touching or in anywife relating to the faid Tolls, the Perfon or Perfons appointed to coiled the fame, or any other Perfon or Perfons ading by or under the Authority of the faid Truftees, fhall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any fuch Difpute, Suit, or Litigation, by reafon of his, her, or their being fo appointed, or being paid to colled the Tolls, or ading or being paid to ad under the Authority of the faid Truftees.

£

XXII.	And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall, with any Horfe, Cattle, Beaft. or Carriage, pafs through any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, lying near any Turnpike or Toll Gate which fhall be continued or ereded by virtue of this Act (the fame not being a public Highway) j or if any Owner or Occupier of fuch Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, fhall knowingly permit or fuffer any Perfon or Perfons, with any Horfe, Cattle, Beaft, or Carriage whatl'oever, to pafs through the fame ; or if any Perfon or Perfons fhall give to or receive from any Perfon or Perfons, or forge or counterfeit any Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, by this Ad direded to be given, with Intention to evade, or whereby the Payment of any of the faid Tolls, or any Part thereof, may and fhall be evaded ; or if any Perfon or Perfons fhall fraudulently pafs through any fuch Turnpike or Toll Gate with any Horfe, Beaft, or other Cattle, with* out Payment of Toll; or fhall take off or caufe to be taken oft' any Horfe, Beaft, or other Cattle, from any Carriage; or having parted through any Turnpike or Toll Gate to be continued or ereded, by virtue of.this Ad, fliall afterwards add or put an additional Horfe or Hories, Beaft or Beafts, to fuch Carriage, with Intent to evade the Payment of the faid Tolls; or fhall leave or caufe to be left upon or near any Part of the faid Rqads any Carriage, Horfe, Cattle, or other Beafts, with Intent to evade the Payment of any of the faid Tolls, or any Part thereof; or fhall with fuch Intent, unload any Goods from or out of any Carriage, or in any other Manner

whatsoever

private Paf. fages, or evading Tolls.

2827

°«kj

!(%

sill be

iloij

filing

®g,to

»4t

|K0f

1 loot

ade»

Parties of At % or r upon ed to Js,or

ir, or l<, tit fa or all not p™, aid to in of

with

inds,

dike

itibtac

s, or

fo»!t

ttii 1 be any

tilt*

A

m

A

h

jOt #1

sit

48’ GEORGII III. Cap. 1+7.

whatfoever evade or attempt to evade the Payment of any of the Tolls hereby authorized to be taken; every Perfon fo offending fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXIil. And be it further enabled. That it fhall be lawful for the faid Power to hor-Truftees, or any Five or more of them, to borrow and take up at Interefl ,vw Mwuy* fuch Sum or Sums of Money as they fhall think fit, upon the Credit of the faid Tolls, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to mortgage or affign over the faid Tolls, or any Part thereof (the Charges of luch Mortgages or Affignments to be paid out of the faid l olls) to any Perfon or Perfons, his, her, or their Executors, Adminifirators, and Afligns, for any Term during the Continuance of this Aft, as a Security for the Re-payment of the Money that fhall be fo borrowed, with the Interefl thereof; which Mortgages or Affignments may be in the Form or to the Effect following:

6 RY v*rtuc°f an A& of Parliament, made in the Forty-eighth Year of c the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [infert the Title of ‘ the Ad] we, whofe Names are hereunto fubferibed, being Truflees for c putting in Execution the faid Aft, in Confideraticn Qf the Sum of

*	now	advanced	and	paid	by	A.	B.	do	hereby	affign	unto	the faid

‘ A. B. his Executors, Adminifirators, and Affigns, fuch Proportion of

*	the Tolls arifing by virtue of the faid Ad, as the faid Sum of

‘ doth or fhall bear to the whole Sum advanced or to be advanced on the 4 Credit of the faid Tolls, 4o hold unto the faid A.B. his Executors, Ad^ c miniftrators, and Ailigns, during the Continuance of the faid Ad, re-‘ deemable, nevertheless, by the laid Truftees, on Payment of the faid

*	Sum of	,	with	Interefl	after	the	Rate	of

‘ for One Hundred Pounds by the Year. In witnefs whereof we have

*	hereunto fet our Hands and Seals this	Day	of	.*

And all fuch Mortgages or Affignments (hall be valid and effectual in the Law, and Copies thereof fhall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpofe by the Clerk to the faid Truftees; but Notice in Writing of every Meeting for borrowing Money as aforefaid, fhall be affixed on the feveral Turnpikes which fhall be then (landing on the faid Roads, at lead Fourteen Days before fuch Meeting ; and all and every Perfon and Perfons to whom fuch Affignments or Mortgages fhall be made as aforefaid, or who fhall be entitled to the Money thereby fecured, may, from Time to Time, transfer the fame, and his and their Right, Title, and Interefl to the Principal and Interefl thereby fecured, to any Perfon or Perfons whom-foever, either by a feparate Inftrument, or by lndorfement on fuch Security, in the Form, or to the Effect following ;

c T A.B. do hereby transfer the within Mortgage, [_if by lndorfement,"] ‘ A or [if by a feparate Injlrument,] a certain Mortgage bearing Date the

*	Day of	of	the	Tolls	arifing	by	virtue	of	an	A&.	of

*	Parliament made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George ‘ the Third, intituled, [infert the Title of the Act] and all my Right and ‘ Title to the Principal Money and Interefl thereby fecured, unto G, D, c his Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns. Dated this

*	Day of	.*

And

+8* GEORG 11 HI. Cap. 147.

And every fuch Transfer (hall be valid and effectual in the Law, and dull be produced and notified to the faid Clerk, who {hall caufe an Entry to be made thereof, containing the Dates, Names of .the Parties, and Sums of Money, in the Book or Books to be kept for entering the original Securities, for which the faid Clerk {hall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and 110 more ; and after fuch Entry made, every fuch Transfer dial I entitle the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame diall be made, his, her, or their 'Executors, Adminiftrators, and Affigns, to the Benefit therebf and Payment thereon ; and it (hallnot.be in the Power of any Perfon making any fuch Transfer, to make void, releafe, ordifeharge the fame, or any Money thereby due; and all Perfons to whom fuch Mortgages, Afiignments, or Transfers (hall be made as aforefaid, diall be, in Proportion to the Sums therein refpeftively mentioned, Creditors on the faid Tolls in equal Degree one with another, and fhall have no Preference in refpect to the Priority of advancing any fuch Money, or the Dates of any fuch Mortgages or Aifignments.

XXIV. And be it further enabled. That all Orders and Proceedings of the faid Truflees, at their feveral Meetings, diall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpofe ; and fuch Orders and Proceedings! fo entered and figned by a competent Number of the Truftees, (as the Cafe lhall require,) or by their Clerk by their Order, diall be deemed to be Originals ; and which faid Book or Books, and alfo the Book or Books to be kept for regiftering the aforefaid Mortgages, lhall be admitted as Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

f' XXV. And be it further enabled, That out of the firft Money arifing by the Tolls which fhall be collected by virtue of this Aft, or by or out of the firft Money which fhall be borrowed upon the Credit thereof, the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, fhall, in the firft Place, pay and defray the Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and palling of this Aft ; and after Payment thereof, all the Money which fhall arife* or come to the Hands, Ctiltody, or Power of the faid Truftees or their Treafurer, by virtue of this Aft, diall, from Time to Time, be applied in erefting Turnpikes and Toll Houfes, and in repairing and amending the Road from Priory Pill at 'Milford, to Merlin*s Bridge; in making and repairing a new Road from Merlin’s Bridge to the 'Top ot Merlin’s Hill, and in opening, amending, widening, and repairing a new Road and Bridge between the Junction of Hubefjton. and Milford Road, and the South End of Quay Street, and in widening the fame and Somers Lane ; and in making and repairing a new Bridge over the River Clydy, and the Avenues thereunto, from the Weft End of Cartlct Bridge, and in defraying all necelfary Colts, Charges, and Expences attending the fame, and the Execution of this Aft, and to no other Purpofes whatfoever.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted. That it lhall be lawful for the faid Truftees, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered to make land repair, and from Time to Time, widen, divert, Ihorten, vary, and alter the Courfe or Path of any Part or Parts of the faid Roads through any Watte Grounds, Commons, or uncultivated Lands, without .-snaking Satisfaction for the fame; and alfo through any private Grounds or Hereditaments, firft making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof, and Perfons ifiterefted therein, for the Damages they lhall fultain theieby; and for that 13	-	Purpofe

28 29

48° GEORGII 1IL Gap. 147.

Purpofe it (hall be lawful for the faid Truftees to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners of, and Perfons interefled in, any Lands or Hereditaments, which the laid Truftees (hall judge neceffary for the Purpofes aforefaid, for the Purchafe thereof, or for the Lofs or Damage iuch Owners or Per* fons may fuftain by the making, widening, diverting, turning, or altering the Courfe, or Path of any Part or Parts of the laid Roads through fuch Lands or Hereditaments; and it (hall be lawful for all Bodies Politic,

Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Fee Tail General or Special, or tor Years determinable on any Life or Lives, Hulbands, Guardians, Truftees, or Feoffees in Trull, Committees, Executors, Adminiftrators, and all other Truftees whatfoever, not only for and on Behalf of themfelves, their Heirs and Succeffors, but alfo for and on Behalf of their ccjiuique Trufts, whether Femes Covert, Infants, or Iffue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, or other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or (hall be feil'cd of or interefted in their own Right, and to and foi all and every Perfon and Perfons whom-foever who are or (hall be feifed, pofleffed of, or interefted in any fuch Lands or Hereditament"; to contract with the faid Truftees for the Satisfaction to be made for fuch Damages as aforefaid, or to fell and convey unto them all or any fuch Lands or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, for the Purpofes aforefaid ; and all Contracts, Sales, and Conveyances which (hall be fo made (hall be valid, to all Intents and Purpofes, any Law, Statute, Ufage, or other Matter to the contrary not-withftanding; and all fuch Bodies Poli:ic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, Hufbands,

Guardians, Truftees, Feoffees, Committees, Executors, Adminiftrators, and all other Perfons (hall be and are hereby indemnified for what they or any of them (hall lawfully do by virtue or in purfuance of this A&.

XXVII.	And whereas a Map or Plan deferibing the Line of the faid Road leading from the Junction of the Uvbcrjlon and Milfcrd Road, to Cartlet Bridge, and the Road from Merlin's Bridge, to the 'Fop of Merlin's Hill, and the Lands through which the fame leads, together with a Book, of Reference cent, ining a Lift of the Names of the Owners and Occupiers of fuch Lands, have been depofited at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Pembroke ; be it therefore enacted, That the faid Map or Plan ami Book of Reference (hall remain in the Cuftody of the Clerk, of the Peace for the faid County, to the End that all Perfons may, at all ieafonable Times, have Liberty to infped and perufe the fame, and to

-take Copies or Extracts thereof at the-r Will and Pleafure, paying the Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every fuch Infpe&ion, and at the Rate of Sixpence for every Seventy-two Words of fuch Copies or Extracts of the faid Map or Plan and Book of Reference; and that the •faid Truftees in making the faid Road (hall not deviate more than One hundred Yards, of Thtee Feet each, from the Line delcribed in the faid Map or Plan, without the Confent and Approbation in Writing of the Per-. fon or Perfons, Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, through whofe - Landseor Grounds fuch Deviation (hail be made.

XXVIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may TruVs rmy be lawful to and for the laid Truftees to make the laid Neiy Pieces of Road ,n:,kc R,,<u*s into, through, acrofs, or over the feveral Lands or Grounds of any Per- GrJulis foil or Perfons who is or are or may be Owner or Owners of Land over al the

[Loc.l$ Pei\~]	31S	which	N^ut^aic

For reft Moire the Truf-tees from ,

Diftanc^s of the Line deferred in the Plan,

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 147;

which the fame is fct out and defcribed as aforefaid, although - the Nanic or Names of fuch Perfon or Perfons may happen to be omitted in the faid Book of Reference, in cafe it fhall appear to any Two or more Juftices ot the Peace for the laid County, and be certified by Writing under their Hands* that fuch Error or Omiffion proceeded from Miftake.

XXIX.	And be it further enaded, That if any Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Fee 1'ail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or lives, Hufbands, Guardians, Truftees, Feoffees, Committees, Executors, or n .y other Perfon or Perfons interefted in any fuch Lands or.Hereditaments upon Notice to him, her, or them given, or left in Writing at the Dwelling Houfe, or Dwelling-houfes, Place or Places of Abode of fuch Perfon or Perfons or of the principal Officer or Officers of any fuch Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or at the Houfe of the Tenant in PoffeiTion of Lands or Hereditaments through which any Part of the faid Roads is intended to be made* widened, diverted, turned, or altered, fhall, for the Space of Six Days next after fuch Notice given or left as aforefaid, negleft or refufe to treat, or fhall not agree in the Premifes, or by reafon of Abfence fhall be prevented from treating, then and in every fuch Cafe the faid Truftees fhall caule fuch Damage, Value, or Recompence to be inquired into and afcerfained by a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the faid County, from the Neighbourhood of the Place where fuch Lands and Hereditaments do lie, and in order thereto the faid Truftees are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time, as Occafion fhall require, to fummon and call before fuch Jury and examine upon Oath all and every Perfon and Perfons whom-foever who fhall be thought neceffary and proper to be examined concerning the Premifes, (which Oath any One or more of the faid Truftees is and are hereby empowered to adminifter) ; and fuch Truftees fhall, by ordering a View or otherwife, ufe all lawful Ways and Means as well for their own as for the faid JurV^s Information in the Premifes ; and after the faid Jury fhall have enquired or and affeffed fuch Damage and Recompence, they the faid Truftees fhall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money fo affeffed by the faid Jury to be paid to the faid Owners or other Perlbns interefted in the faid Lands or Hereditaments, according to the Verdi&or Inquifition of fuch Jury ; and fuch Verdift or Inquifition, Order and Determination thereon, fhall be final, binding, and conclufivr, to all Intents and Purpofes, againft all Parties and Perfons whomsoever, claiming or to claim any Eftate in Poffeffion, Reverfion, or Remainder in Fee, or in Fee Tail general or fpecial, cr for Life or Lives, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or otherwife, their Heirs and Succeffors, as well abfent as prefent. Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, Idiots, and Perfons under any other Difability whatfoever, Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, Corporations aggregate or foie, as well as all and every other Perfon and Perfons whom foever ; and for fummoning and returning fuch Juries, the faid Truftees are hereby empowered to iffue their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the County of Pembroke, requiring him to impannei, fummon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Perfons from the Neighbourhood of the Plac£ where fuch Lands and Heredita-ments lie, qualified to ferve upon Juries, to appear before the faid Truftees or any Two or more of them, at fuch Time and Place as in fuch Warrant or Warrants fhall be appointed ; and fuch Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required tp impannei, fummon, and return

fuch

an" GEORG! I III. Cap. 147.

283*

ft*ch Number of Perfonii accordingly, and out of the Perfons fo impannelledi

fummoned, and returned, or out 6f fuch of them as fhall appear upon fuch Summons the faid Truft'ees (hall and they are hereby empowered and required ro fwear, or caufe to be fworn Twelve Men, who fhall be a Jury for the Purpofes afbrefaid ; and in Default of a fufficient Number of Jurymen, the faid Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, (hall return other honeft and indifferent Men of the Standers by, or that can fpeedily be procured to attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve, and all Perfons concerned (hall have their lawful Challenges againll the faid Jurymen when they come to be fworn, and the faid '1 ruftees afting in the Premifes Trufaes mrty fhall have Power, from Time to Time, to impofe any reafonable Fine or hnpof Pints Fines upon fuch Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiff or Bailiffs, Agent Jurymen, or or Agents, making default in the Premifes, and on any of the Perfons Witneiks, that (hall be fummoned and returned on fuch Jury, and who (hall not ap- oC^iTlt. pe;ir or appearing (hall refufe to be fworn on the faid Jury, or being fworn (hall refufe to give or (hall not give their Verdift, or in any other Manner wilfully negleft their Duty therein contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act. and on any of the Perfons w ho being required Jo give Evidence before the faid Jury, (hall refufe or negleft to appear, or appearing (hall refufe to be fworn and examined, or to give Evidence,\or (hall otherwife wilfully mifeonduft themfcives in giving their Evidence, fo'that no One Fine be more than Five Pounds on any One Perfon for One Offence.

XXX.	And be it further enacted. That in cafe .anyJury or Juries tp be fhePj",cves:,nd fummoned and fworn purfuant to theDireftlons or Authority of this Aft, witneff«| (Ira 11 give in and deliver a Verdict or Affeffment for more Money as a Re- h°Jjto be competice or Satisfaction for the Right, Intereft, or Property of arjy Perfon P or Perfons in any fuch Lands or Hereditaments, or for any Lofs «r Damage to be by him, her, or them fuftaiued, than what (hall hivebqen.agreed to and offered by the ~faid: Truftees before the fummoning arid re:uming of the faid Jury or Juries, as a Recomperice or Satisfaction , for any fuch.

Right, Intereft, or Property, or for any Lofs or Damage as aforefald, then and lit fuch Cafe the Cofts and Expences of fummoning and maintaining the faid Jury and Witneffes, and all other Expellees attending the hearing'arid determining of fuch Difference, (hall be. borne, and paid by the Treasurer to the faid Truftees, out of any Money which' (hall then be in his Hands, or out of any Monies to be received by virtiiq of this. Aft $ but if any Jury- or Juries fo fummoned and fworn ag aforefald, (half give in. and deli ver a1 Verdift or Affeffment for rio more or lefs Money, than (hall have been agreed to and offered by the faid,Truftees before the lurtimdnihg or returning of the Laid Jury or Juries, as a. Recompeh.ce and Bgtiffaftffn fob any fticlr Right, Intefcft, or Properly in any fuch Lands or Hereditaments, or Loffes or Damages as afmvfaid, then the Cods and Expences of fummoning and maintaining the faid ‘Jury and Witneffes, affd all other;

E'xpences as afnrefaid, (hair be borne or paid by the Iff r Ion or Periops With whom the faid Truftees fTiall have fuch Coritroverfy or Difpuje.j which fold Coirs and Expehccs having been afcertair.ed and (fettled by fome Juffice of the Peace for the (aid County, not Interefted in the Matter ip Qfrcftion, (who is hereby required to;cxami:ie'and fettle the lame,) , (hall and may be dedufted out of the Money fo alfeffed and adjudged, us fp much Money advanced tfi and for the Die of fuch Perfon or Perfons, and the Payment or Tender of thc\ Remainder.of idqh Monies (hah be deemed and taken to all Intents ard Purpofes to be .a PaAnent c: Tender of the

’whole

2833

Money allox. ed for Lands

or tendcted.

TrUftees not to take down Houfts.

Tiuftees em* pa wered to fell Ground not wanted tor the Pur-pofes oi t.iis Act,

Perfons whefe Lands adjoin

Preference •

48* GEORG 11 III. Cap. 147.

■whole Sum or Sums fo affeffed and adjudged ; or otherwife fuch Cofb and Expences, in cafe the fame be not paid upon demand after being fo afeertained and fettled as aforefaid, may be recovered by the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Truftees, by the Wap and Means herein-after mentioned or provided for the Recovery of Penalties or Forfeiture: Provided always, that in all cafes where any Perfon or Perfons lhall, by realon of Abfence, have been prevented from treating about fuch Recpmpence or Satisfadion as aforefaid, fuch Coils and Expences fhall be borne and paid by the laid Truftees in Manner aforefaid.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, That every Sum of Money or Re-compence to be agreed for or affeffed as aforefaid, lhall be paid out of the Tolls by this Ad granted, or out of the Monies to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, to the Party or Parties refpedively entitled thereto, or to their Agents; and upon Payment thereof, cr in any cafe of Refufal to accept the fame, or the Parties not being to be met with, upon leaving the fame in the Hands of the Treafurer or Treafurers to the faid Truftees, for the Ufe of fuch Parties or Perfons refpedively, to be thereafter difpofed of as herein-after directed; and after Twenty Days Notice thereof given to fuch Parties or Perfons, or to their Agerts, or left at their refpe&ive ufual Places of Abode, or with the Tenant or Tenants in Polfeftion of fuch Lands or Hereditaments, then fuch Lands or Hereditaments fhall be laid into and made Part of the faid Roads, in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees fhall dired, and lhall be by them, or fuch Perfon or Perfons as they fhall appoint, fufficiently drained, ditched, fenced, and fet out for that Purpofe, and lhall to all Intents and Purpofes whatfeever become and be deemed and taken to be a common Highway, and be from thenceforth Part of the faid Roads for ever thereafter.

XXXII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no Power or Authority by this Ad given to the faid Truftees lhall extend to the taking down or injuring any Dwelling-houfes or other Buildings, or to the taking in of any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, planted Walk, or Avenue to a Houfe, or Plantation or Nurfery of Trees, or of any Part or Parts thereof, without the Confent in Writing of the Owners or Proprietors thereof firft had and obtained.

XXXin. And whereas by reafon of the Purchafes which the faid Truf* tees are empowered and required to make by virtue of this Ad, or by reafon of the diverting of fome Part or Parts of the faid Roads, they may happen to be feifed of fome Piece or Parcel of Ground over and above what lhall be necelfary for effeding the Purpofes of this Ad ; be it therefore further enaded. That it lhall be lawful for the faid Truftees to fell and difpofe of fuch Pieces or Parcels of Ground, either together or in Parcels as they fhall find rnoft convenient and advantageous, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as lhall be willing to contrad for and purchafe the fame: Provided always, that the faid Truftees, before they lhall fell and difpofe of any Piece or Parcel of Ground as aforefaid, fhall offer the fame to the Perfon or Perfons from whom they lhall have been purchafed ; or where the fame lhall arife by reafon of diverting any Part or Parts of the laid Roads, then to the Perfon or Perfons whefe Lands lhall adjoin thereunto and in cafe fuch Perlbn or Perfons refpedively lhall not then and thereupon agree, (except with refped to and on account of the Price thereof

as

48° GEORG1I III. Cap. 147.

as herein-after mentioned), or (hall refute (except with rcfped to and on. Account of the Price thereof ) to purchafe or re-purchafe the fame re-fpedively, any Affidavit to he made and fworn before a Mailer Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His MajeftyL Juftices of the Peace for the faid County, (who are hereby refpedlively empowered to take the fame,) by fome Perfon or Perfons no Way inte-relled in the faid Piece or Parcel of Ground, Hating that fuch Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the faid Truftees, and that fuch Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refilled by the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame was lb offered, lhall in all Courts whatfoever be fuffident Evidence and Proof that fuch Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was refufed by the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Offer was made (as the Cafe may be); and in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons ffiall be defiro us of purchafing or re-purchafing the fame, and he, Ihe, or they and the faid Truftees lhall differ and not agree with refped to the Price thereof, in fuch Cafe the Price or Prices thereof ffiall be ascertained by a Jury in Manner herein-before directed with refped to difputed Value ofPremifesto be pur-chafed by the faid Truftees in purfuance of this Ad, and the Expence 'of hearing and determining fuch Difference ffiall be borne and paid in like Manner as herein-before directed with refped to fuch Purchases made by the faid Truftees mutatis mutandis; and the Money to arife by the Sale Or Sales which may be made by the faid Truftees of fuch Piece or Parcel of Road or Ground as aforefaid, ffiall be applied to the Purpofes of this Act, but thePurchafer or Purchafers thereof ffiall not be anfiverable or accountable for any Mifapplication or Non-application of fuch Money.

XXXIV. And be it further enaded, That if any Money ffiall be agreed Apri or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pur- J*/ chafed, taken, or ufed by virtue of the Powers of this Ad for the Purpofes if am thereof, which ffiall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lu- to 20 natic, or Perfon or Perfons under any Difability or Incapacity, as in this Ad particularly mentioned, fuch Money ffiall, in cafe the fame ffiall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with tile Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Truftees for executing this Ad, to the Intent that fuch Money ffiall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements,

.and Hereditaments, in the Purchafe or Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or other Incumbrance or Part thereof as the faid Court fhall authorize to be paid, affeding the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affeding other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing fettled therewith, to the fame or the like Ufes, Trufts, Intents, or Purpofes; or where fuch Money ffiall not be fo applied, then the fame ffiall be laid out and irivelled, under the like Diredion and Approbation of the faid-Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which ffiall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trufts, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which ffiall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid, Hood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement ffiall iLoc. & Per.]	31 T	be

2834	48°	GEORG	11 III. Cap. 147.

be exifting undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until fuch Purchafes {hall be made, the laid Money fhall by Order of the faid Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the laid Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities ; and in the mean Time and until the faid Bank Annuities ihail be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities fhall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the faid Court to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments fo hereby directed to be purchafed in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

Under aooi. XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money and above sol. fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under Difability or Incapacity as aforefaid, lhall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and fhall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, T enements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed. taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be lignified in Writing under their refpeftive Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed ; or other-wife the fame fhall be paid at the like Option to Two Truftees to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Five or more of the faid Truftees for executing this Aft, (rtlch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that fuch Principal Money and the Dividends arifing thereon may be applied in Manner herein before direfted, fo far as the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direftion or Approbation of the faid Court of Chancery.

Application XXXVI. Provided alfo and be it further enafted. That where fuch whci cleft than jvyjcney fo agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, {hall be lefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame lhall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid, in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees fhall think fit; or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpeftively.

In cafe of not	XXXVII. And be it further enafted, That In cafe the Perfon or Pcr-

lhfe?S*cC	f°ns t0 whom any Sum or Sums of Money fhall be fo ordered to be paid

as aforefaid, fhall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes to the Satisfaftion of the faid Truftees, or fhall refufe to execute fuch Conveyance

or

4-8°GEORGII III. Cap. 147.	2835

or Conveyances, or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money fhall be fo ordered to be paid as aforefaid, cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, cr Hereditaments, be not known or difcovered, then and in every fuch Cafe it ft all and may be lawful for the faid Truftees to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the faid Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (deferibing them) fubjeCI to the Order,- Controul, and Difpofition of the laid Court of Chancery *, which faid Court, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof by Motion or Petition, (hall be and is hereby empowered, in a fummary Way of proceeding or otherwife, as to the lame Court fhall feera meet, to order the ft me to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, or to order Diffribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpe&ive Eftate or Eftates, Title or Interert of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court fhall feem juft and reafonable; and the Cafhier or Cafhieis of the Bank of England, who fhall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

XXXVIII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That where any R{fpec?Sn* Queftion fhall arife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be

paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the ,l !'s’ Accountant General of the Court of Chancery inpurfuance of this ACt, for the purchafe of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Eftate, Right, or Interert in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be purchafed in purfuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or to the Dividends or Interert of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who fhall have been in Porteffion of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Porteffion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, fhall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch Pofteffion, until the contrary fhall be fhewn to the Satisfaction of the faid Court of Chancery ; and the Dividends or Interert of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, fhall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it fhall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Porteffion was a wrongful Poffeffion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Interert therein.

XXXIX.	Provided alfo and be it further enabled, That where by rea- The Court ©f fon of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons or Corporation Chancery may entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed Payment*of under the Authority of this ACt, the Purchafe Money for the fame fhall be Expcnca.' required to be paid into the faid Court, and to be applied in the Purchafe

4	of

2836	4-S0	GEORG	II III. Cap. 147..

of other Lands, Tenements* or Hereditaments to be fettled to the like Ufes in purfuance of this Aft, it fliall be lawful for the faid Court to order the Expences of all Purchafes from Time to I ime to be made in purfuance of this Aft, or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Court fliall deem reafonable/^gether with the necefiary Colls and Charges of obtaining fuch Order, to be paid by the faid Truflees, who fliall from Time to lime pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court fliall direct.

MonitorXL. And be it further enafted, That in cafe any Body or Bodies Cor-Cartict	porate, or any Perfon or Perfons fliall at any Time hereafter be difpofed

Umtge.	to give to the Public, and to the Town of Haverfordivcji, an Exemption

from Toll at the New Bridge over the River Clydy, near Curt let Bridge, and aftually tender and pay to the faid Truftees, or any Five of them, at a Special Meeting convened for the Purpofe, after Notice being publiflied as aforefaid, any Sum or Sums of Money, hot lefs in Amount than the Expencc which fliall have been incurred in erefting the faid Bridge and making the Avenues thereunto, and in the Purchafe of Land or Houfes for opening the New Line of Road by Priory to Cartlet Bridge, and fliall engage to keep the faid New Bridge and the Avenue to Cartlet Bridge in Repair ; which the faid Truftees are hereby authorized and required to accept and apply the fame towards liquidating their Debt, and after Two Months Notice thereof having been given by the faid Truftees, the Tolls payable by virtue of this Aft at or near Cartlet Bridge fliall ceafe and determine.

Tre^furcr ro XLI. And be it further enacted. That the Treafurer to the faid Truf-Srunts*1*AC* tees	Month of June in every Year, during the Continuance

of this Aft, caufe his Accounts for the preceding Twelve Months of all Monies received and difburfed, after the fame have been audited as aforefaid, and allowed by the Truftees to be printed in Abftraft for the Truftees and Creditors, or a fair written Copy of the General Account, attefted at a Meeting of the Truftees, to be delivered to fuch Creditor or Creditors as fliall require the fame.

Saving ebufe, XLII. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That nothing in this Aft fliall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to alter, leffen, or take away, or otherwife affect any Privileges, Benefit, or Jurifdiftion, granted by the faid recited Aft, palled in the Thirtieth Year of his prefent Majefty, or in any Manner belonging to the late Sir William Hamilton Knight of the moll Honourable Order of the Bath, and Lord of the Manors and Liberties of Huberjlon and Pill, his Heirs and Afiigns, except only the Power to the Truftees to make the Road from Milford to Stainton, and to repair the fame.

Allowing XL1II. And whereas it is by the faid recited Aft enafted. That in con-^appointlle flderati°n °f Sir William Hamilton Knight of the Bath, and of William Lord Survey or jof Kenfington on the Requifition of the Truftees making up any Deficiency of Roads. the gum fubferibed for carrying the faid Aft into Execution ; that it fhould be lawful for the faid Sir William Hamilton and William Lord Kenfington, and their Heirs and Afligns, to nominate and appoint the Surveyor for the faid Road, until fuch l ime as the Money fo advanced Ihould be repaid: And whereas the whole Sum fo required was advanced and paid, and Securities

were



71 Hi

. 1;s»p»

^ Cot.

?%6j

!l lion,

liaaijK fo’ge and ^Hoiifes ad flail

.7 3rjdjr{ ped to to Two he Tolls ale and

i;d Tmf. alliance iso/all s afore-Mees ceiled tors as

n this away, 37 tie oris

ics of ) the the

48“ GE,ORGII [II. Cap. 147.	2S37

were granted by the faid Truftees for the fame, which are now vefted in the High* Honourable Charles Francis Grevil/e: Be it therefore enabled, that the Right Honourable Charles Francis Gre--> IU^ Ills Heirs and Afligns, {hall have the Power to nominate arid appoint, and remove the Surveyor or Surveyors for the faid Road, until fucn Time as the Money advanced on that Condition, under the Aft hereby repealed, fliall be repaid, any Thing in this Act to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XLIV. And be it further enafted, That it IT,:.11 and may be lawful to and Ft settfoR for die Surveyor or Surveyors of the (aid Roads, and to and for all fuch Perfons as he or they rdpectivcly {lull appoint, tofearch for, cut, dig, Rosd.. get, gather, and take away any Furze, Heath, Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for making and repairing the faid Roads, Bridget,’or Drains, out of and from any Common or Wade Ground, River, Brook, crPit, in any Parifih, Townfliip, Hamlet, Divifion, Diftridt, or Place in which any Part of the Roads hereby directed to be made, amended, and repaired fliall lie, or in any Neighbouring Parifh, Townfliip, Hamlet,

Divifion, Diltrict. or Place, without paying any 'l’hing for the fame, the faid Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Perfon or Perfons adting by his or their Appointment, filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or floping down the Banks where fuch Materials {hall be taken, or Railing or Fencing off fuch Pits or Quarries, fo that the fame may not be dangerous to Paflengers or Cattle, and alfo that fuch Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid, may (except as herein-after excepted,) by order of the faid Truftees, (fuch Order to be made at fome Meeting of the Truftees to be holder, in purfuance of this Act, and a Copy thereof to be given to fuch Surveyor or Surveyors attefted and figned by the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Truftees,) fearch for, cut, dig, gather, and take away any fuch Materials as aforefaid, in, off, from, and out of the Private Lands, Fields or Grounds of any Perfon or Perfons where the fame may be had or found, (fuch’Lands, Fields* or Grounds not being a Garden. Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a Houfe or any Piece of Ground planted and fet apart as a Nurfery for Trees,) making or tendering fuch Satisfaction for the fame, and for any Damages done thereby to the Owners and Occupiers of fuch Grounds where and from whence the fame {Hall be cut, dug, gotten, gathered and carried away, or over which the fame or any other Materials for making and repairing the faid Roads fnall be carried according to their refpedtivc Rights and Interefts in fuch Grounds as die faid 1 ruftees {hall adjudge reasonable ; and in cafe of any Difference between the faid Truftees, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Perfons employed as aforefaid, and the faid Owners or Occupiers or any of them, concerning t c Value of inch Materials a id Damages, it fliall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Juftices of the Peace of the County where fuch Materials ihall be fo1 rut, dug, gotten, gathered, taken, and carried away, on Four Days Notice there, f in Writing being given by either Party to the other, or left at their refpedive Places of Abode, to' hear, fettle and determine the Matters of fuch Payment and Damages, and the Judgment or Order of the faid Juftices fliall be final and coaclufive to all Parties.

the	XLV.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it enacted. That it {hall not be hyice f0 ?,e

jd	lawful for any Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other Perfon or Perfons adting f ivt.n u.-

jes	under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, get, take, or carry away L-ad^berore

sf	[Lcc.^fPer.'J	31	U	any

2838

■penary on taking awa; Materials l*tUy

48° GEORGI1 III. Cap. 147.

any Materials for repairing fuch Roads out of or from any Inclored Lands-or Grounds, until Notice in Writing, figned by the Surveyor or Surveyors, fhail have been given to the Owner and Occupy r of the Premifes from which fuch Materials are in; ended to be taken, or left for fuch O''-: er and Occupier at their refpeCtive ufual Places of Refidenee,-to appear before the Laid Truftees, or Two or more Juftices of the Peace : ding for the County where fuch Premifes fhail be fituate, to fhewGaufe why fuch Materials fhail not be had from fuch Lands or Grounds; and in ca!e fuch Owner or Occupier, or One of them, or their or his /gent, fliall attend pur haunt to fuch Notice, but fliall not (hew fuflicient Caufe to the contrary, then the faid Truftees, or fuch Juftices fliall and may authorize luch Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Perfon or Perfons to dig, get, gather, and carry, away fuch Materials, at fuch Time or Times as to the faid Truftees or fuch Juftices ftiall feem proper ; and if fuch Owner or Occupier fliall neglect or refufe to appear by himfelf or his Agent, the faid Truftees, or :uch Juftices, fliall and may make fuch Order therein as they refpedivdy fliall think fit, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes, as ii fuch Owner or Occupier, or his Agent had attended.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever fhail take away any Stone or Materials which fhali have been dug or gathered by, or by the Order of the faid Surveyor or Surveyors, for the Purpose of making or amending the faid Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof; or fliall get or take away any Stone, Gravel, or Materials, out of any Pit or Quarry, which fliall have been made for the Purpofe of getting fuch Materials for amending the faid Roads, or any Par t or Parts thereof, before the faid Surveyor or Surveyors, or his or their Workmen, fliall have difeontinued working therein for the Space of Six Weeks, (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground wherein luch Pit or Ouarry fhail have been fo made, and Pe.Tofts authorized by fuch Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein for his own private Ufe only, and not for Sale,) every Perfon fo offending fliall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Surveyors to XLVII. And be it further enabled, That it fliall and may be lawful to make £>ia;ns, an(j for ^ gurvey0r or Surveyors, and to and for any Perfon or Perfons whom he or they fhail appoint by Order of the faid Truftees, to cut and make any Caufeways or Footpaths upon the Sides of the laid Roads; or to cut Drains or Ditches through or into any Lands or Grounds adjoining or lying contiguous to any Part of the faid Reads ; or to ere£t Bridges over any Drains or Watercourfes, in fuch Manner as fuch Surveyor or Surveyors fhail deem and judge neceflary and proper for amending or keeping in Repair any Part of the laid Roads; and alfo to make a Way or Ways through the Lands and Grounds adjoining to any narrow or ruinous Part or Parts of the faid Roads (not being a Garden, Orchard, Park,Yard, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to any He ufe or any inclofed Ground planted or fet apart as a Nurfery for Trees,} to be made ufe of as a public Highway whilft the narrow or ruinous Parts of the faid Roads are widening or repairing, and until the famej&all be convenient and fafe for the Faffage of Travellers and Carriages, making fuch reafon-makmg rea* able Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of fuch Lands reflectively SSSon t^roug^anci into which any fuch Drain fhail be cut, or on cr over which any fuch temporary Roads fliall be made, for the Damages which fuch

Owncrs



48* GEORGII III. Cap. 147.

Owners or Occupiers refpeSively fhali or may thereby fu(lain, as fhaH be adjudged rcafonable by Che Truftees 5 and, in cafe any Difference fhali happen between fuch Owners or Occupiers and fuch Truftees touching j, fuch Damage, then, and in fuch Cafe the Juftices of the Peace at the firlt ^ General or Quarter SefEons of the Peace to be holden for the laid County '{ of Pembroke next after the Expiration of Ten Days from the Time of doing fuch' Damage, fhali and are hereby authorized and required to hear, fettle, and determine the fame, and their Determination therein (hail be final and conciulive.

XLVIII. And be it further enabled. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Surveyor or Surveyors, and fuch Perfon or Perfons A as he or they fhali appoint, (by Direction and under the Hands of any Two or more cf the faid Truflees,) from Time to d ime to remove and prevent all Annoyances, on any Part or Parts of the faid Roads, by Rails, Steps, Sign Polls, or other Nuifances, and to turn or flop any Water-courfes, Sinks, or-Drains, running into, along, or out of any Part of the faid Roads, to the Prejudice thereof, and to make the fame as large and deep as he or they fhail think proper, and to cleanfe any Ditch or Watercourle next adjoining to any Part of the faid Roads, and to cut down, lop, or top any Trees or Bulhes growing in any Part of the faid Roads, or in the Hedges or Banks adjoining thereto, in cafe the Perfon or Perfons occafioning fuch Annoyance, or who ought to remove the fame, or to cleanfe fuch Ditch or Watercourfe, or to cut do\vn, lop, or top fuch Trees or Bulhes, fhali refufe or neg’eSt fo to do for the Space of Ten Days next after Notice in Writing given for that Purpofe, figned by any Two or more of the faid Truftees, or by their Surveyor or Surveyors, the reafonable Charges whereof fhali be reimburfea to the faid Surveyor or Surveyors by the Perfon or Perfons refuting or neglecting as aforefaid ; and in cafe any fuch Perfon fhali not upon Demand pay and reimburfe to fuch Surveyor or Surveyors fuch Charges as aforefaid, the fame fhali and may be recovered by Diflrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Perfon, in like Manner as is herein authorized or directed for the Recovery of any other Penalty inflicted by this Act; and if after the Removal of any of the faid Annoyances, any Perfon fhali again offend in the like Manner, every fuch Perfon fhali for every fuch Offence; over and above fuch Charges as aforefaid, forfeit and pay any Sum not e - cee mg Five Pounds, One Moiety whereof fhali go to the Informer, and the other Moiety fhali be applied to the Purpolesof this Act.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the faid Truftees fhali and may T< caufe the faid Roads to be meafured, and Mile Stones to be fet up at or n near the Sides thereof, at the Diftance of One Mile from each other, with £ Infcriptions thereon, denoting the Number of Miles, and Diftance of Places c as the faid Truftees fhali think fit, and alfo caufe to be erected Guide Pofts e upon fuch Paris of the laid Roads where the fame are crofted or joined by other Roads, as they fhali judge proper; and if any Perion or Perfons p (hall wilfully break, throw down, injure, deftroy, obliterate, or deface ' any Table of Toils, Mile Stone, or Poft ere&ed on any Part of the laid 11 Roads, or any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks inscribed thereon, or fhali wilfully break, throw' down, or injure any Stone or Stones, or Parapet Wail or Walls, on the Side or Sides of any Bridge or Bridges, Arch or .Arches, on any Part or Parts of the faid Roads, every fuch Perfon fo offending

1 cafe of any

3ad to be

nd Mile tones and In tie Polts

retted.

enalty on hem.

4«8 GEORGII III. Cap.14.7.

fending fhail forfeit and pay any Sam'not exceeding forty Shillings for each Table-of Tolls, Stone, Pod, Parapet Wall, and Arch fo broken, thrown down, injured or ddlroyed, or on v c.i any Letters, figures or Marks, {ball be fo* obliterated or defaced, On Moiety thereof (hail yoto the Informer and the ether Moiety fhail be applied for theFurpofes of this Aft.

L. And be it further enafted. That if any Perfon or Perfons fhail wilfully or negligently injure, dettroy, break down, or otherwif-j damage, or fhail ride on or drive or lead any Horfe, Beall, Cattlew Carriage over or upon any Footpath or Cauleway made, or to be made on the Side or Sides of any Part of the faid Roads ; or if any Driver of any Waggon or other Carriage fhail wilfully or ctrelefsly break or damage any of the Pcks or Stones which may be eroded for the Security ( or ;he faid Footpaths or Caufeways; or if any Perfon or Perfons fhail plough over or drag any Plough upon any Part of the faid Roads, or in ploughing fhail turn any Horfe or other Beall drawing any Plough upon any Part of the laid Roads to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Perfon or Perfons fhail fcrape ott any Mud, Soil, or other Matter or Thing which fhail be or lie upon any Part of the faid Roads with any Inflrument, fo as to damage the faid Roads or any Fait thereof; or if any Perfon fhail hale or draw, or caufe to be haled or drawn upon any Part of the faid Roads any Free or Piece of i imber, or any Stone, (orherwife than upon wheeled Carriages), or fhail fuffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber or Stone which fhail be carried upon a wheeled Carriage,, to drag upon any Part of-the faid Roads to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Perion driving any Pigs or Swine upon the faid Roads fhail fuffer the fame to root up or damage the faid Roads, or any Part thereof, or the Fences, Hedges, Bankings, or Copfe on either Side thereof ; or if any Perfon or Perfons fhail leave or fuffer any Cattle, Sheep, or Beall to be and remain loofe on the faid Roads; or if any Perfon driving any Coach, Chaife, or Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, upon the faid Roads, and meeting another Coach, Chaife, Waggon, Cart or rther Carriage, fhail not keep his Carriage on the Left or near Side of the laid Roads; or if any Perfon fhail in any Manner wilful I v prevent any other Perfon or Perfons from palling, him, her, or them upon the faid Roads, or the Coach, Chaife, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage under his, her, or their Care; or if any Perfon fhail make or affifl in making any Fire or Fires whatfoever, or fhail let fire to, or let off, or throwany Squib, Rocket, Serpent, or Firework whatfoever, on any Part or Parts of the faid Roads; or if any Perfon or Perfons fhail leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or any Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Hufbandry, (without fome reafonable Caufe to be allowed by the Juftice of the Peace before whom the Perfon fo offending fhail be fummoned or conveyed in order to his or her Conviction, and fave and except with regard to lueh Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage during fuch reafonable Time as the fame fhail be loading or unloading, and Handing as near to the Side of the faid Roads as conveniently may be,) in, upon, or on the Side of the faid Roads, either with or without any Horfe or Beal!: of Draught Larneffcd or yoked thereto; or if any Perfon fhail lay any Piece of Timber, or any Stones, Bricks, Hay, Straw, Lime, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbifh, or other Platter or Thing whatfoever, on any Part of the faid Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or of any Perfon or Perfons travelling therc-on, every Perfon fo offending fhail for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

10

LI. And

4.S3 GEORGII III. Cap. 147.

LI. Ancfte it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon or Perfons Huai! dfaujt, interrupt, or hinder, or'eaufe to be affaulted, interrupted, oi* hindered, m)C Jv.oauisn any Collector of the Tolls or any Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other cfchisAcc. Perfon or Perfons by them or any of them, or by the faid Truftecs employed in the Execution of this Ad, every fitch Perfon lhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LIT. And be it further enaded. That all the Inhabitants of the feveral Parfhes, Hamlets, Diftrids, or Places through -which the faid intended	to

Roads (hall pufs, (hall be liable to the Repair of fuch Parts of the faid intended Roads as are within their refpedive Pariflies, Hamlets, Diftrids, or Places in fuch and the fameManner as they are liable to the Repair of any other Highway within the fame; and nothing in this Ad (hall empower the Truftees to repair any County Bridges, nor the Pavement of any Town; but the fame Bridges and Pavements refpcdivelv (hall be made and amended and kept in Repair by fuch Ways and Means as they were and ought by Law to be made and amended and kept in Repair, in cafe this Ad had not been made.

LIII. Provided always and be it enaded. That all Perfons who by Law s*atut« are liable to do Statute Work on any Part of the Roads within the Parishes ^ or Places through which the faid Roads or any Part thereof paftes, (hall be liable to do the fame on the faid Roads, and it lhall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Pembroke, and they are hereby required and empowered upon Application made to them by the faid Truftees, or by their Clerk Or Surveyor by their Order,- yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work (hall every Year be done upon the faid Roads by the Inhabitants of the refpc&ife -Parffhes or Places m which* th> faid Reads do lie, and alfo what Pr portion of the Money received by the'Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch Parifh or* Plate,, in lieu of or as a • Competition for fuch Statute Work as aforefuid,'; Lhall he by him, her; or them, paid to the kid Truftees-dr the!r Treafurer or Treafurers y and in order thereunto, it lhall and may be lawful to and for Inch juftices from Time to Time, to fummon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every fuch Parifh or Place to bring in Lifts before fuch Juftices at forne PLci to be exprefft d in fu:h Sun ions, (within Ten Days after the Serving of fuch Summons,) of the Names of the feveral Perfons who within fuch Pari Hi or Place are by Law fubjkc'- and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofnion for fuch Statute Work, diftinguiftiing the Nature of the Work-to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwife, and alfo* the Amount of the refpe&ive Sums to be fo paid- which Lifts of Names (hall be made in Manner and -under fuch Regulations and Reftriftions, as is or may be directed by any Law or Statut in Force and Eilect hr the Repairs of the Public Highways ; and out of fuch Lifts the faid Juftices (hall and may allot, appoint, and order fuch and fo many of the Perfons who (hall appear to be fubjeft and liable to Statute Work as afore'.aid, to do fuch Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the faid Roads as the faid Juftices (hall think reafonable, and the lame lhall be done on fuch Days and at fuch Times, (not being Hay Time or Iiarveff,) and in fuch Parts of the faid Roads, as the laid Truftees or their Surveyor or Surveyors, ihall from Time to Time, order, direct* and appoint; and the faid Juf-££«:. & Per.2	31	X	tices

2841

Truftees ma> compound >•.

Stature

Work.

48° GEORGll 111. Cap. 14.7.

rices fhall and may alfo order and direct the Perfons who by fuch Lifts fhall appear to be fubjefl and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Cotnpofition for Statute Work as aforefaid, to pay fuch Proportion thereof as the faid Justices fhall think proper, to the faid Truftees or their Treafurer at fuch Time or Times as they the faid Judices fliall dire6t; and in Default of Payment thereof, the fame (hull, and may be recovered by Diftrefs ami Sale of the Goods and Chattels pf the refpe&ive Perfons liable io the Payment thereof in-like Manner as any Penalty is by this Ad authorized or dire fed to be recovered ; and each and -very Perfon who fhall hegled or refufe to do fuch Sta'ute Work ac aiprefuid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their laft or ufual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpofe, by any Surveyor of the faid Truftees, fhall for every Day of ms, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams,; Draught or Draughts, Horfe or Horfes, Beall or Bealls, to be provided by him, her, or them, be fubjed and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as fuch Perfon or Perfons may be fubjed or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effed for the Repair of the Public Highways; and if any Perfon who fhall come to work as a Labourer, or fhall be fent with any Team or Draught to work on the laid Roads, u all be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor or Surveyors to the laid Truftees, fuch Surveyor or Surveyors is and are hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Perfon who fhall be found idle or negligent as aforefaid, and in that Cafe every fuch Perfon fending fuch Labourer, Team, or Draught, fhall be fubjed and liable to the refpedive Forfeitures and Payments aforefaid, as if fuch Team or Draught had not been fent to work on any Parts of the faid Roads ; all which Forfeitures fhall be paid to the Treafurer to the faid Truflees and applied towards amending the faid Roads ; and in cafe the faid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the faid Parifhes or Places Iball refufe or wilfully negled to give in fuch Lifts as aforefaid, or fhall knowingly or wilfully give in falfe or imperfed Lifts* every fuch Surveyor or Surveyors fo offending fliall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LIV. And be it further enaded. That it fliall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees to compound and agree with any Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corpora1 e, for the Repairs or Statute Work to be by them done on the faid Roads, or any Part thereof, and alfo with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, r\ aemenfs, or Hereditaments of and in all or any of the Parifhes or Places in which the faid Roads fliall lie and be fituate, or with the Surveyor of the Highways for fuch Parifhes or Places, duly authorized for that Purpofe at a public Veftry, for a certain Sum of Mon- y, by the Year or otherwife, as the faid Truftees fhall think reafonable, in lieu of the v	Ie or any Part of the Statute or other Work

to be by all or any of the faid inhabitants and Occupiers done on the faid Roads, which Compofnion Money fhall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways or othsi Officer of the Parifh, or by the Perfon or Perfons fo compounding, to the Treafurer or Treafurer.*? of the faid Truftees, in Advance, on or before the Fifth Day of April in each and every Year, or otherwife the Inhabitants and Occupiers of fuch Parifh or Place fliall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

LV. And

48* G E O R G11 IIL Cap.iW'

LV. Arid whereas Offences may be committed again(1 this Aft by Perfons unknown to the Colleflors, Surveyors, or other Officers appointed- to put this Act into Execution ; be it therefore enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful for any of the faid Truftees> or their Clerk or Clerks, or the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers iefpeCtively, and fuch Perfon or Perfons as he or they (hall call to his or theii* Affifiance, without any Warrant or other Authority than this ACt, to feize and detain any fuch unknown Perfon or Perforts who fhall commit any filch Offence or Offences, and take him, her, or them before any Juftice of the Peace" for the County or Diftrid near to the Place where the Offence or Offences fhall he committed, or fuch Offender or Offenders feized and apprehended, and luch Juftice is hereby empowered and dire&ed to proceed immediately to the hearing and determining of the Complaint, or to oblige fuch Perfon or Perfons fo offending, to give Security for his, her, or their Appearance at fome Petty Seflions to be holden within and for the faid County or Diftrid in which fuch Offence or Offences fhall have been committed, to anfwer the faid Complaint; and the Juftices prefent at fuch Petty Seffions, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of the faid Complaint in a fummary Way, and upon Convidion of the Offender or Offenders, either by the Juftice before whom he, fhe, or they fhall be firft taken, or by the Juftices at fuch Petty Seffions as aforelaid, it fhall be lawful for fuch Juftice or Juftices refpedively to commit him, her, orThem to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Corredion of the lame County or Diftrid, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Ten Days, unlefs he, fhej or they fhall fooner pay the refpedive Penalties by him, her, o£ them incurred for fuch Offence or Offences, together with the Cofts and Charges attending the Conviction and Commitment.

LVI. And be it further enaded, That the faid Truftees may fue and be fued in the Name or Names of their Treafurer or Clerk, or in the Name of any One of the faid Truftees on Behalf of the faid Truftees, and no fuch Adion fhall abate or be difeontinued by the Death or Removal of the Perfon in whofe Name, or againft whom the fame fhall be brought or commenced, nor by the Ad of fuch Perfon or Perfons, without the Confent of the faid Truftees at a Meeting held in purfuance of this Ad ; but no fuch Treafurer, Clerk, or Truftee, or any or either of them, fhall be fubjed to the Payment- of any Cofts or Expences on Account thereof, but all fuch Cofts and Expences {hall be defrayed out of the Money arifing by virtue of this Ad, colleded or received by the faid Truftees.

LVII. And be it further enaded, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by virtue of this Ad impofed, (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof h not hereby otherwife particularly direded,) fhall be levied and recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Juftice of the Peace for theCounty or Place where theOffence fhall be committed( which Warrant fuch Juftice is hereby empowered to grant upon the Confeffion of the Parry, or upon -the Evidence of any credible Witnefs upon Oath, and which Oath fuch Jtiftice is hereby empowered to adminifter), and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arifing by fuch Diftrefs and Sale fhall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner of fuch Goods and Chattels,

after

•*2 #43

For f-C'irm£

tranfient

Offenders.

Actions to be brought in the Nam ’ of the T.eaf.n er or Clrrk.or of Truftee*, Uct

Recovery a»d Application of Penalties.

2844	4-8rGEORGII III. Cap. 147.

after deducing the Coils and Charges of making, keeping and felling the Diflrefs; and fuch Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, , if not herein-beforc directed to be othenvife applied,*) fliall be paid to the Trea-iurer to the faid Tru flees, to be applied towards the Purpofes of this Aft; and in cafe fufiicient Diftrefs fnall not be found, or fuch Penalties and Forfeitures fhall not be paid forthwith, it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juftice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to caufe the Offender to be committed to the Common Gaol or Houle of Correction of luch County or Place where the Offence fhall have been committed, there to remain without Bail or Maiuprize for any Time not exceeding Six Months nor lefs than Three Months, unlefs fuch Penalties and Forfeitures fliall be fooner fully paid and fatisfied.

ForH^,nf‘,!ie LVIII. And be it further enafted, That tor the more fpeedy Conviction.1 tion of all Offenders againfl this Aft, all and eveiy the Juftice and Juftices of the Peace before whom any Perfon or Perfons fh.Jl be convicted of any Offence againfl this Aft, fliall and may caufe the Couviftion to be drawn up in the Form or to the Effeft folio wuig. i

To wit \ e	^	rememhered,	That	on	the	Day	of

J 4	in tHe Year of our Lord

t and in the	Year of the Reign of His Majefty,

e	is convifted before me [or, usj	of	His Myjefty’s

c Juftices of the Peace for the	by virtue of an Aft of

c Parliament made and palled in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of c His Majefty King George the "third, intituled, [here fet forth the Title *■ of this Ad, and fpecify the- Offence, and the Time and Place when and * where the fame was committed.'] Given under my [or, ourj Hand and c Seal [or. Hands and Seals j the Day and Year firft above written.’

Appeal.	LIX. Provided always and be it enafted, That if any Perfon or Per-

fons fhall think himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves, aggrieved by any Thing done in purfuance of this Aft, fuch Perfon or Perfons may appeal to the Juftices of the Peace at the firft General or Quarter Seffions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Pembroke, ne-v after the Expiration of Fifteen Days from the Time, fuch Matter of Appeal fhall have arifen, the Perfon or Perfons appealing having firft given fen Days’ Notice at leaf! of his, her, or their Intention to bring fuch Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Treasurer or Treasurers, or Clerk to the faid Truftees, and within Four Days after fuch Notice, 'entering into a Recognizance before fome Juftice of the Peace for fuch County or Place, with Two fulficient Sureties conditioned. to, try fuch Appeal and abide the Order thereof, and to pay fuch tofts as fhull be awarded by the Juftices at fuch Quarter Seffions ; and the faid Juftices in fitch Scfttbns, upon due Proof of fuch Notice and Recognizance having been given ‘ahd entered into, are hereby authorized and required to heal and determine the Mot er of fuch Appeal in a fummary Wav. and to make fuch Determination therein, and to award fuch Gbfts to c:,h: - of the Parties or othenvife'as they fliall judge proper; and the fold Juftices may, if they fee Caufe, mitigate any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and may alfo Order fuch further Satisfaction to be made to the party injured as they fhill judge reasonable; and all fuch Determinations of the laid Juftices fliall be final, binding,

10	ar.d

2 845

4s

1»44(

'"Slid

*	‘0 the

*	’•here

Cccric. ice and *mk& Kobe

)ayof

15 of

irJ i 2nd

Rr-

'eace

ncf

fa,

• it

tbs

lid

fee

a

rf

s

48#GEORGII III. Cap. 14.7.

and conclufive upon all Parties, to all intents and Purpofes what* foever.

LX. And be it further enacted, That where any Diffrefs fhall be made Dinrefs not to for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Diffrefs itfelf fhall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the Form, fame be deemed a Trefpafler or Trefpaffers on account of any Defed or want of Form in the Notice, Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Diffrefs, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor fhall the Party or Parties d iff raining be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaffers ab initio on account of any Irregularity which fhall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties fo diffi aining, but the Perfon or Perfons aggrieved by i’uch Irregularity fhall and may recover full Satisfadion for the ipecial Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

LXI. And be it further enacted. That no Order, Verdid, AfTefTment,

Judgment or other Proceedings made touching or concerning any of the qunfheti tor Matters aforefaid, or touching or concerning the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders againff this Ad, fhall be qualhed or vacated for want of Form, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Procefs whatfoever into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Weftn\injicry any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

LXII. And be it further enabled, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhal* Jctionujbe recover in any Adion to be commenced againff any Perfon or Perfons for given, any Thing done in purfuance of this Ad, unlefs Notice in Writing fhall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Fifteen Days before fuch Adion fhall be commenced,. of fuch intended Adion, figned by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, fpecifying the Caufe of fuch Adion ; nor fhall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any fuch Adicn if Tender of fufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before fuch Adion brought ; and in cafe no fuch Tender fhall have been made, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any fuch Adion by Leave of the Court after fuch Adion fhall have been brought at any Time before lffue joined, to pay into Court fuch Sum of Money as he, fhe, or they fhall think fit, whereupon fuch Proceedings,

Order, and Judgment fhall be made and given in and by fuch Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXIII.* Provided always, and be it enaded, That no Adion or Suit fhall be commenced againff any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing done	**

in purfuance of this Ad after Three Calendar Months next after the Fad committed ; and every fuch Adion or Suit fhall be brought and tried in the County of Pembroke, and notelfewhere ; and the Defendant or Defendants in every fuch Adion or Suit fhall and may plead at his or their Eledion fpecialiy, or the General lffue, and give this Ad and the fpecial General Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame 1,fl,c* was lawfully done in purfuance and by the Authority of this Ad ; and if the fame fhall appear to have been fo done, or if any fuch Adion or Suit fhall be brought before Fifteen Days Notice fhall have been given, or after a fufficient Satisfadion made or tendered as aforefaid, or after the Time [Loc. d? Pcr.\	51	T—Z	limited

2846	4-8°	GEORGII	III.	Cap.xtf.

limited for bringing the fame as aforefaid, or fhall be brought in any other County than as aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe the Jury fliall. find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon fuch Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhall be nonfuited, or difcontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants fhall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment fhall be given againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every fuch cafe the Defendant or Defendants fhall recover Treble Cofts, and have fuch Remedy for recovering the fame as any Defendant hath for Cofts of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

Pub.ic Act. LXIV. And be it further enacted. That this A£t fliall be deemed and taken to be a Public Aft, and fliall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

ment'and*" LXV. And be it further enacted, That this Aft fliall commence and Continuation take Place upon the Eighteenth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred 01 net. and eight, and fhall continue in Force for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's moft Excellent Majeily. 1S08.

-

ANNO QUADR.AGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*******************************************************

Cap. 148.

An A€t for inclofing Lands in the Borough of

Leominfter, in the County of Hereford, and in the Townfhip of Lufion, in the Parifli of Eye, in the faid County; and for paving and otherwife improving the Streets and other publick Places within the Town of Leominfier, in the faid County.

[30th June 1808.3

WHEREAS there are within the Liberties of the Town or Borough cf Lemnift/ier, in the County of Hereford, certain Meadows, Commons, and Parcels of Wade Lands, containing in the Whole by Eftimation One hundred and twenty Acres or thereabouts: And whereas the Proprietors and Owners, or their Tenants and Occupiers of Houfes, Lands, and Hereditaments landing, lying, and being within the faid Borough of Leominfter (having Lands annexed or belonging thereto), claim to be entitled to the foie and exclufive Right of Common over a certain Part of the faid Waite and Commonable Lands, (that is to fay), that Part of Pcrtna Moor otherwife Povtman's Moor which lies within the faid Borough, and over Marfh Broad, Etnani Street Broad and Eaton Broad; and the faid Proprietors and Owners, or their Tenants and Occupiers of fuch joules, Lands, and Hereditaments within the [Lie. & Per.]	*2	A	faid

**54

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 148.

faid Borough claim to be entitled to the Grafs and Herbage of certain Meadows called "Lammas Meadows, Midfummer Meadows, and the Peps Moors within the laid Borough (that is to fay) or and in the Lammas Meadows every Third Year during the Whole of that Year, and of and in the Midfummer Meadows from Midfummer to Candlemas Old Style yearly, and of and in the Lammas Meadows and Peps Moors, from Lammas to Candlemas Old Style yedrly and tveiy Year, except One Year in Three as afo/el'aid, during which Third Year the faid Lammas Meadows alone ate Common during the Whole of that Year (except in Peps Moor, which is not Gofnmonable the Whole at every Third Year):^ And whereas there is within the Townfhlp of Lujlon in the Parifo o* Eye, in the County of Hereford, Part of a certain Common or Parcel of Wafte Land called Portna Moor, otherwife Portmari s Moor, containing ihirty-five Acres or thereabouts (the other Part of the laid Common lying and being within the (aid Borbugh of Lecttobfer):, 2nd alfo a Part of the aforefaid Wafte or Common called Marfls Broad, lies within the laid I ownlhip of Lujlon, and the other Part lies in the faid Borough of Lecminjler: And whereas the Right Honourable George Earl of Fjfex is or claims to be Lofd pf "the Manor and Borough of Leominjlef, and as iuch is or claims *6 be entitled to the Right of Soil in and over the faid Wafte and Commonable Lands within the faid Manor and Borough of Leominder: And whereas Somerfet Davies Efquire is Lord of the Manor of Lujlon, and as fuch is entitled to the Right of Soil in and over the faid Common or Parcel of Wafte Land lying within the faid Townlhip of Lujlon •, and the laid Somerfet Davies is Proprietor of a cohfiderable Part of the Lands and Grounds within the faid Townlhip cf Lujlon, and as fuch is entitled to Right of Common in, over, and upon the faid Commons and Parcels of Wafte Lands ; and the Right Honourable Ann Lady Rodney, the Reverend Sir John Dutton Colt Baroner,' John Wall Clerk, Thomas Smith, William Wall, John Weaver, and Edward Evans Efquires, John Scarlet, James Proudman, William Miles, and divers other Perfenc, are Owners or Proprietors of other Lands and Grounds, having Right of Common in, over, and upon the faid Commons or Parcels of Wafte Lands: And whereas an Aft was palled in the Forty-firft Year of the R^ign of His pi-eftnt Majcfty King George the Third, intituled. An Aft for consolidating in One Adi certain Provifions ufually infer ted in AJs of inclofure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the feveral Fatts ufually required on ike puffing of fuch Atls: And whereas the faid Meadows, Commons, and Parcels of Wafte Lands, are at certain Times of the Year fubjedt to be overflowed, and in their prefent State yield but little Profit or Advantage to the feveral Peifons interefted therein and entitled to the Feed rhereoi; and it would be very advantageous to them if the fame were embanked, drained, and allotted, and fuch Allotments inclofed; and if certain Parts of the laid Commons and Parcels of Wafte Lands were fold or feemifed or leafed on an annual Rent, and.the Money thereby to be raifeci and the yearly Rent thereof applied for the Improvement of the faid Town or Borough of Leomtnjler, and for widening and etherwife improvirg the Bridges in or near to the faid Town or Borough ; and for widening. Paving, lighting, watching, cleanfing, and watering the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Paffages and Places within the faid Town ; and for removing and preventing Nuifances, Annoyances, and Encroachments within the faid Town or Borough; and it would be of great publick Benefit and Utility, as well to the faid feveral Owners of Lands and Grounds within the faid

Townlhip

*ntn

* fyi

and 11 Stvlt

'“Jett *«a. in ftp ’■• And *i Btkt

tie Land liny-fot

rd bfir.g

s^rdaw T.lhipcf If: .And s £o b» it eWiJs

tfl C«n.

t: And , and as i Pared the laid ids and mini to 'arceW lr trend If'iilm Jan a Proton in, : And rf Hb Uttug

df>

’ it it os, to irol*

(it®; oWi Parts

riT-ifcd r/J III

>»* Of

rglht

mb .

cite

rd

“•to

4rGEORGII III. Cap. 148.	285s

TowNhip of Lujlon, as alfo to the feveral Owners and Occupiers of Mef-fuages, Lands, ahd Tenements within the laid Town or Borough, and be very advantageous to the feveral Perfons inrerelled i,n the Laid Commons ahd Wifte Lands lying within the Townlhip of Lufton, if the fame weie drained, divided, and allotted amongft them, and fuch Allotments in-clofed •, but fuch Divlfion, Allotment, Inclofure, Drainage, and Erections cannot be effeded ar.d tftablilhed without the Aid and Authority of Parliament : And whereas the laid Town or Borough of Leominfier is a large, populous, and a trading Town, and daily increafing, and it would tend greatly to the Safety, Prefervation, and Benefit ot the Inhabitants of the laid ToWn or Borough, and to all Perfons reforiing (hereto, if the Water in Times of Flood was cairied off, or Embankments made to prevent the Streets, Pafiages, and other Places within the laid Town or Borough from being overflowed; and if the faid Streets, Lanes, publick Paffages, and other Places were properly cleanfed, lighted, watched, watered, regulated, and kept free from Nui fences, Annoyances, Encioachments, and Obftrtidions; and if the Bridges in or near the faid Town or Borough, ahd fome of the Streets therein and Roads leading thereto, were widened and improved and made more fefe and fecure for Travellers and Paf-fengers; and if Walls, Polls, and Rails, and fuch other Eredions as fllall be nectflary for the Protedion and Security of Pdflengers reforting to arid palling from the faid Town of Leominfter, were erected and let up} but fuch beneficial Pufpoles cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore pleafe Your Majeftv that ic may be ensded ; and be it enacted by the King’s molt Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confcnt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That John Cheefe of Lyons Hall in the faid County, and Commi/fion-Robert Tench of Bromfield in the County of Salop Gentlemen, and their j£*eof Succeffors, to be eleded in Manner herein-afte1* mentioned, lhall be and they are hereby appointed Commiflioners for embanking, draining, dividing, allotting, and incloling the laid Meadows, Commons, and Parcels of Walk Lands, and for carrying into Execution fo much and fuch Part or Parts of this Ad as relates to the faid Embankment,

Drainage, and Inclofure ; and alfo for carrying into Execution the feveral Powers, Authorities, Diredions, Claufts, and Proviflons of the faid recited Ad.

II. And be it further cnaded. That if the faid John Chcefe, or any For appoint-Commiflioner to be appointed in his Stead, lhall, before the Execution of in£.nsw Com* all the Powers and Authorities hereby veiled in him, die, refufe, or mj,ij0i‘cr;* become incapacitated to ad, then and in every fuch Cafe it lhall be lawful for the High Steward, Recorder, Bailiff, and Juftices of the Peace for the feid Town or Borough of Lcominfler for the Time being, and the Lords of the faid Manors of Leomnjler and Lujlon refpedively for the JTime being, within Twenty Days next after fuch Death, Refufe)* or Incapacity lhall be made known to him or them by Notice in Writing from the furviving or remaining Commiflioner (and which Notice fuch Commiflioner is hereby required to give), to appoint a new Commiflioner (not interfiled in the faid Inclofure) in the Stead of the faid John Chcefe, or fuch Commiflioner fo dying, refufing, or becoming incapacitated toad} and in cafe no fuch Appointment of a Commiflioner lhall be made by the faid High Steward, Recorder, Bailiff, and Juftices, and the Lords of the

feid

2856



48

‘GEORGII III.

Cap. 148.

faid Manors for the Time being as aforefaid, the furviving or remaining Commiffioner ffiali and may and he is hereby required, at a Meeting to be held for that Purpofe, by Writing under his Hand, to appoint One other Commiffioner for the Purpofes of this Act, in the Room and Stead of filch Commiffioner fo dying, refufing, ur becoming incapacited to ad; and if the faid Robert Tench, or any Commiffioner to be appointed in his Stead in Manner herein-after mentioned, (hall die or refule or become incapable of ading as a Commiffioner for the Purpofes of this and the faid recited Ad, then and in every fuch Cafe the major Parc in Value of the feveral Proprietors or Perfons interefted in the laid Meadows, Commons, and Waftc Lands (except the faid High Steward, Recorder, Bailiff, and Juftices, and the Lord* of the faid Manors for the Time being), who fhall be prefent at fome publick Meeting to be holder, in the faid Town or Borough of Leojninftcr aforefaid, of which Meeting, and the Intent thereof, Notice (hall be given by the Clerk to the faid Commiffioners, at lead Twenty Days previous to fuch Meeting, by affixing fuch Notice on the Doors of the Churches of the Pariffies of Leommjler and Eye, and by inferring the fame in fome Newfpaper circulated in the faid County of Hereford, lhall and they are hereby empowered by Writing under their Hands to eledl and appoint fome other Perfon (.not interefted in the laid intended Embankment, Drainage, Divifion, and Inclofure) to be a Commiffioner in the Place or Stead of fuch Commiffioner fo dying, refufing, or becoming incapable to adt as aforefaid •, and every Commiffioner lo to be nominated and appointed fliall, after taking the Oath preferibed in that Behalf, have the like Power and Authority for carrying this and the faid recited Adi into Execution, and ffiali be fubjecl and liable to the like Rules, Regulations, and Reftridtions, as if he had been originally nominated a Commiffioner in and by this Adi.

Com million-	IH. Provided always, and be it further enadled, That no Perfon ffiali

-stouke be capable of acting as a Commiffioner in the Execution of this and the an al ‘ faid recited Act, until he ffiali have taken and fubferibed an Oath in the Form or to the Effcdt following; (that is to fay),

©2th.	‘ T Do fwear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and honeftly, accord-

*	A ing to the beft of my Skill and Judgement, execute and peiform the

*	feveral Powers and Authorities veiled and repofed in me as a Commif-c fioner, by virtue of an Adi paffed in the Forty-eighth Year of the

*	Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Atl \_kere fet forth the ‘ Title of this A5i\, according to Equity and good Confcienee, and with-e out Favour or Affedlion, Prejudice, or Partiality to any Perfon or £ Perfons whomfoever.

‘ So help me GOD.9

Bywhomtobe Which Oath the fa^d Commiffioners are and either of them is hereby adminiiteicd.	and	required	to	adminifter	to	the	other of them ; and the

feveral Writings appointing fuch new Commiffioner or Commiffioners ffiali be added cr annexed to and enrolled and depofited with the Award of the Lid Commiffioners, and a Copy of the Enrolment thereof ffiali be admitted as legal Evidence.

Power to ap-pi«e.

IV.	And, for the Purpofe of fettling and determining any Difpu'e or Difference that may arile between the laid Commiffioners touching cr concerning ar.y Matter or Thing to be by them done or executed in pur-7	fuance

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 148.	2857

fuance of this or the faid recited A&, be it further ena&ed, That Valentins.

Vickers the younger of Cranmere in the Counry cf Salop Gentleman, and his Succeffors to be appointed as herein-after mentioned, fhall be and he is hereby appointed as Umpire to decide between the faid Commiffioners, if Occafion (hall require; and all Differences and Difputes that .may arile between the faid Commiifioners, touching or concerning any of the Matters or Things to be by them done or performed in the Execution of the faid recited Ad and this Ad, flnall be by them referred to the laid Umpire; and in cafe the laid Valentine Vickers lhall die or refufe or negled to ad as fuch Umpire, within the Space cf Fourteen Days next after Application made to him for that Purpofe, or fhall become incapable of ading in the Execution of this Ad, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners to nominate and appoint by arty Writing under their Hands any other Perfon not interdted in the faid Embankment, Drainage, Divifion, or Inelofure, to be fuch Umpire, and fo from Time to Time as often as any Perfon fo nominated and appointed an Umpire fhall die, refufe, or negled to ad, or become incapable of ading in the Execution of this and the laid recited Ad; and every fuch Umpire fo nominated and appointed is hereby authorized and required to hear and determine all fuch Differences and Difputes, and the Judgement and Determination of the faid Umpire therein Shall be deemed and confidered and taken to be the Determination of the faid Com miflioners, and (hail be final and conclufive upon the faid Com mif* iioners, ar.d upon all other Perfons concerned in the faid Embankment,

Drainage, Divifion, and Inelofure, fo far as the Judgement and Determinations of the faid CommUSoners are in fuch and the like Cafes by the faid recited Ad or this Ad declared to be final or conclufive.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no Perfon fhall UmP5r<> f<* be capable of ading as an Umpire in the Execution of ; his or the find takean0atE recited Ad, until he Ihtjt have taken imd fubfcribjd anOadi in the Form

or to the Effed following; (that is to fay),

4 T Do fwear. That I will faithfully, impartially, and honeflly, accord* Oath.

* A ing to the beft of my Skill and Judgement, execute and perform 4 the feveral Powers and Authorities veiled and repoled in me as an 4 Umpire, by virtue of an Ad paffed in the Forty-eighth Year of the 4 Reign of King George the Thfid, intituled. An All \Jjere fet forth the 4 Title of this Aff], according to Equity and good Confciericc, and with-4 out Favour or Affection, Prejudice, or Partiality to any Peifon or 4 Perfons whomfoever.

4 So help me GOD.*

Which Oath the faid Cbmmiffioners, or either of them, are and is hereby authorized and required to adminiftcr td the faid Umpire, and the feveral Writings appointing fuch new'Umpire or Umpires, fhall be added or annexed to and enrolled and depofited with the Award of the faid Comi miifionere, and a Copy of the Enrolment thereof lhall be admitted as legal Evidence.

VI.	And be it further enaded. That out of the Mone> that /ball be ra led for decaying the I'Apmces of cUainim: and execufin./ this Aft, there fhall be paid to each of the faid Commiffioners and Umpire, as a l<ecompence tur his Pains and Trouble, the Sum of Two Pounds Twelve

£/*>. & Per.]	32	B	Shillings

2.858	<48®	GEORG 11 III. Cap. 148.

Shillings and Sixpence for each Day he (hall aft or travel for the Purpofe of aftirg, or be returning Home from a-fting in the Execution of this Aft, and no more*, and that at all Meetings to be held in purfuance of this Aft, the faid Commiflioners and Umpire (hall defray their own Exptnces.

Commifliorer* VII. And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiflioners (hall and they are hereby required to give or caufe to be given publick Notice in i!:gs.1£ir 6" feme Newfpaper printed or circulated within the (aid County of Hereford, and alfo Notice in Writing figiied by them, by affixing or cauftng to be affixed the fame on the Door of the Pariih Church of Lecminjter and Parifh Church of Eye, on fome Sunday immediately before Divine Service, of the Time and Place of their firlt and every fublequent Meeting for executing the faid recited Act, and alfo fo much of the Powers of this Aft as relates to the laid Embankment, Drainage, Divifion, and Inclo-fuie. Seven Days at Jeaft before every fuch Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted); and all the Meetings of the faid Commif-fioners (hall be holden within the faid Town or Borough of Leominfter, or within Eight Miles of the Boundaries thereof \ and in cafe both the (aid Commiflioners (hall not attend at the Time and Place appointed for any fuch Meeting, or to which fuch Meeting (hall be adjourned as afore-faid, then and in every fuch Cafe it (hall be lawful for the Commiffioner who (hall attend, and for the Clerk to the faid Commiflioners, in cafe neither of the faid Commiflioners (hall attend, to aujouin fuch Meeting to any future Day, not exceeding Fourteen Days from tne Day of fuch Adjournment, to he holden at the fame Place, or at fome other Place within the Diflance of Eight Miles from the faid Town or Borough of Leomindert as to the Commiflioner or Clerk making fuch Adjournment (ball feem mod convenient j and the faid Commiflioner or Cle k making fuch.Adjournment is hereby required to give Notice to the abfent Commiflioner or Commiflioners Ten Days at lead before the Day appointed for fuch Meetings.

Other Notices VIII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That all other publick how to be Notices neceflary or requifite to be given by the (aid Commiflioners in &"c‘' puifuance of this or the faid recited Aft (the Manner of giving which is not hereby or by the faid recited Aft direfted) (hall be given by Adver-tlfement in fome One Newfpaper primed or circulated in the faid County of Hereford.

Survey and IX. And, for the Pir pufe of afeertaining the Compafs and Admeafure-r»iidc.° bC went of the faid Commons and Parcels of Wafte Lands, and alfo of the old inclofed Lands within the faid Townflvp of Lujlon and Borough of Leomijler, be it further enafted, That a true, exact, and perfect Survey, Admraiurcment, and Plan of the faid Commons and Parcels of Wafts Lands ( nd it the faid Commiflioners (hall think neceflary of the old incloled Lands within the faid Townfhip of Lujlon and Borough of Leomhjle*), (h ill, as foon after the puffing of this Aft as convrniently may De, be made by the faid Commilfioncrs ; in which Survey, Admca-fur mem, and Plan, the whde Contents in Acre1, Roods, and P. rches and alfo the Abuttals. Metes, and Boundaries of all the laid Commons and Parcels of Wafte Lands and old Inclofures, (ha;l be accuiately let forth and alceitained.

X. And

4'S0GE0RGII HI. Cap.i 48.	2859-

X.	And be it further ena&ed, That all Inclofures and Encroachments Encroach-taken in or made upon, from, or out of any Part cf the faid Commons

and Parcels of Wade Land?, in Form and Compafs as they fcverally have been taken, inclofed, and eroded, held, and enjoyed, within Twenty Years next before the Commencement of this Ad, (ball be deemed Part and Parcel of the faid Commons and Parcels of Wafle Linds from w.'ftch the fame was or were refpedively taken by any Perlon or Perfons whom-foever having or not having Right of Common, and (hall be deemed and confidered Part of the faid Commons and Parcels of Wade Lands hereby intended to be embanked, drained, divided, allotted, and inclofed.

XI.	And be it further enabled, That if any Dlfpute or Difference (hall Commoner* arife between any of the Pcrfons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate putp8,tlc *" cr Collegiate, interefted or claiming to be interefted in the faid Commons

and Parcels of Waftc Lands, or any Pure or Parts thereof, or in the faid Divifion and Allotments, or touching or concerning the refpeCtivc Rights and Interefts which they or any of them (hall have or claim to have in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds to be embanked, drained, divided, allotted, and inclofed by virtue of this Ad, or touching or concerning sny otheT Matter or Thing relating to the faid Embankments, Drainage,

Divifion, Allotment, and Inclofure, it fhall be lawful for the laid Commiffioners, and they are hereby empowered to examine into, hear, and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained fhall authorize and empower the faid Commiffioners to determine the Title to any Mefluages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatfoever.

XII.	And be it further enabled, That in cafe the faid Commiffioners commiffioners ■fhall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, to aflefs Colts* Objection or Objections, to be delivered to them in purluance cf this or

the faid recited Act, fee Caufe to award any Cofts, it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners to fettle, alfefs, and award fuch Cofts and Charges to be paid by and to fuch Perfon or Pcrfons and at fuch Time as they (hall direCt -, and in cafe the Perfon or Perfons directed to pay fuch Cofts and Charges fhall neglect or refufe to pay the fame at the Time appointed for the Payment thereof, then it fnali be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby required, by Wairant or Warrants under their Hands directed to any Perfon or Perfons whomioever, to caufe fuch Cofts and Charges to be levied by Diftrefs and Saie of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons fo neglecting or refuting to pay the lame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Perfon or PeTfons whofe Goods and Chattels (hall have been fo diftrained and fold, after deducting the Cofts and Charges aettnding fuch Biftrefs and Sale.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That in cafe any Allowing Perlon or Perlons (interefted in the Did intended Embankment, Drainage,

Divifion, ai d Inclollue) (hall be diflatistied with any Determination of the aiLaw^ 3 faid Commiffioners or Umpire, touching or concerning any Rights or Interefts in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be embanked, d-ained, divided, allotted, and inciofed, or any Part thereof,

it (hail be lawful for the PeTon or Pcrfons fo diftatisfied to p oceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter fo determined by the faid Commiffioners or Umpire* at the then next Affizes to be holden for the Did County of

Hereford,

2860

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 148.

Hereford, if the fame {hall not take Place wirh'.n Two Calendar Month3 after fuch Determination ; but if the laid next Aflizes fhali happen within Two Calendar Months 2iter fuch Determination, then at the following Aflizes to be hoficn for the faid County ; and for that Purpofe, the Per-fon or Perfons who fhall be fo difiatLfied with the Determination of the faid Commifiioners or Umpire dial! caufe an Action to be brought upon' a feigned Iffue againd the Perfon or Perfons in whofe Favour fuch Deier-rmnaiion fhall have been made, or again(t the laid Commifiioners, wimm One Calendar Month next after fuch Determination of the laid C mn::l-fioners or Umpire, and (hall alfo within Ten Days after fuch Deteimma-ricn give Notice in Writing to the laid Commifiioners of his, her, or their being fo difiatisfied ; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch A&ion or Actions lhall, and he, Ihe, or they is and arc hereby required to name an Attorney 01 Attornies, who lhall appear thereto or fiie Common Bail, and accept One or more IlTue or Ifiues, whereby fuch Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on, may be tried and determined, fuch IlTue or Ifiues to be fettled by the proper Officer of the Court iri which fuch Atlion or Actions dial! be commenced, in cafe the Parties lhall differ about the fame; and the Verdid or Verdids which fhall be given in fuch A&ion or Actions lhall be final, binding, and conclufjve upon ali and every Perfon and Perfons wh'.mfoeyer. Body or Bodies Corporate or Collegiate, Uriels the Court wherein fuch Attion or Adions fhall be brought lhall let afide fuch Vertlid or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it fhall be lawful for the Court to do in cafe the faid <^'ourt fhall think proper; and it lhall alio be lawful for the Court, on fuffiderit Caufe ihewn, to put off' the Trial of luch lffue as is ufual in other Cafes; and after fuch Ve:did or Verdicts fhaii be obtained, and not fet afide by the Court, the faid Commifiioners lhall and they are hereby required to ad in Conformity thereto, and to allow or diLllow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event ot luch Trial or Trials, which Allowances and Difallowances (hall be final and conclufive upon all Parties: Provided always, that every Determination, of the faid Commifiioners cr Umpire, touching any Rights or I itercfh in, over, or upon the faid Lands and Grounds hereby dire&ed to be embanked, drained, divided, allotted, and inciofed, or any Part thereof, which lhall not be objected to, or being ohjeded to, the Party or Parlies objeding not caufing fuch Adion at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforefaid, lhall be final and conclufive upon all Parties.

Pitf'Cs dying Adions not 10

XIV.	And be it further enabled, That if any of the Parties in any Acti n to be brought in purfuance of this A<51 lhall die pending the lame, fuch Action fnall not abate by rt-afon thereof, but fhall be proceeded in as if no fuch Event had happened.

In e»Tes of XV. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That if any Perfin or More Perfcns in whofe Favour any fuch Determination as aforefaid lhall have Aflin'is’5 been made, cr.d againft whom any fuch Ablion or Addons might have hithe been brought if living, lhall die before any luch Abbott tr Actions dull eVr'e'a’onanJ hav;: been brought, and before the Expiration of iheTime heiein-before a i.iuled in limited for bringing fuch Abtion or Actions, it lhall be lawful f< r (lie too. Names. pcr|onur Perfons, Bodies Poi tick ot Corporate, who n-ighr have brought luch ACIion or Ablions againfl the Perfon or Perfons fo dying, to tiring the lame tvi hin the Time fo limited as afoieiald ag-inll fuch Perfon or ,	<>	Petto,	s

48*GEORGII III. Cap. 148.	2861

’Perfons as if actually living, and to ferve the Clerk to the faid Commif-(ioners with Procefs for commencing fuch A6lion or Adiions in the fame Manner as the Party or Parties might have been fcrved therewith if living; and it (hall thereupon be incumbent on the Heir or Hei.s, or •other Petfon or Perfons who (hall claim the Benefit of fuch Determination as aforefa'd, to appear and defend fuch A6lion or Adlions in the Name or Nnmts of the Perfon or Perfons fo dead, and Proceedings (hall be had therein in the fame Manner as if fuch Perfon or Perfons had been a6lua.lv diving; and the Rights of all Parties fhall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of fuch Action or Aftions.

XVI.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena6ted, That nothing in this A6t contained fhall extend to enable the faid Commifiioners to determine any Right between any Parties contrary co the Pofleffion of any of Inch Parties, except in Cafes of Encroachments made within the Period of Twenty Years as herein-before mentioned ; but in C2fe the faid Commiifioners fhall be of Opinion againft: the Right of the Perfon or Perfons fo in Pofteflion, they (hall forbear to make any Determination thereupon until the Pofieflion fhall have been given up by or recovered from luch Perfon or Perfons by Ejc&ment, or other due Courfe of Law.

XVII.	And be it further enafted, That (afeer the faid Commifiioners	oft#

fhall have fee out the neceflary Roads, Ways, and Drains as diredted by the t|,e Manor faid recited Adi) they the faid Commifiioners (hail and they are hereby authorized and required to fet our, allot, and award unto the Lord of the

faid Manor and Borough of LeominJiert fo much and fuch Part and Parts cf^ the Lands and Grounds hereby diredled to be embanked, drained, divided, allotted, and inclofed, within the faid Manor and Borough of LeomijiJier, as (hall be equal in Value to the Right and Imereit of the Lord of the Soil in and over the faid Manor and Borough of Leotnwjiery in lieu of and as a full Ccmpenfation for his Rights in and to the Soil of the faid Commons and Wafte Lands within the fame Manor and Borough.

XVIII.	And be it further enabled. That (after the faid Commifiioners fhall Allotments to have, fet ooc the neceflary Roads, Ways, and Drains as diredted by the faid tile Manjr of lecited Act) the (aid Commifiioners (hall and they are hereby authorized and Lufton. required to fet out, allot, and award unto the faid Somerfet Davies Efquire,

as Lord of the faid Manor of Lujlon, fo much and fuch Part of the Lands and Grounds hereby diredted to be embanked, drained, divided, allotted, and inclofed, within the faid Townfhip of LuJiony as (hall be equal in Value to One-fourteenth Part thereof, in lieu ot and as a full Cornpenfa-tion for his Rights in and to the Soil of the faid Commons and Parcels of Wafle Landsi

XIX.	And be it further enadted, That the faid Commifiioners (hall and AHoim?nfsof they are hereby required to fet out, allot, and award the Refidue and L^ndsUfn°* Remainder of the faid Lands and Grounds in the faid Townfhip of Lujicn, Lufton. hereby intended co be divided, allotted, and inclofed, unto and amongft

the feveral Perfons and Parties having Rights of Common thereon, in Proportion and according to their Rights and Interefis therein, fuch Rights and Interefis to be afeertamed by fuch Ways and Means as to the faid Com-milfioners fhall feem moft juft, reafonable, and expedient.

[Zee. Sf Per.-]	32	C

Perfons in PolTcJr.on not to be m alette J without due Court's o4L-w.

XX. And

2862	48*	GEORGII	III.	Cap.	148.

Power to ex-	XX. And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Commifiioners dial! and

Mt?Wa!!rl they are hereby authorized and empowered, if they fhall think it neceflary couifc#. or expedienr, tor effectually draining the faid Lands und Grounds called Portna Moor, otherwife Portrnan’s Moor, to make, maintain, end extend any Dra n or Drains through the Lands and Grounds of any Per ion or Prifons, from the faid Moor called Portna Moort lo as to communicate with the River Lug below the faid Town of Leomnjler.

makin^DnWi XXI. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That the Expence from Portna attending the making and maintaining the faid Drains (ball be paid and Mco% to be borne by the Proprietors of Lands and Hereditaments claiming Right of byiVeLulvjiT C mmon within iheTownfhip of LvJlony and the Truftees of the faid piopmtor* Borough of Leomir>Jisri in Proportion to their rcfpeCltve Rights and teHoflw”' Interefts in the faid Comm' n called Portna Moor, to be afeerta ned mind: r pro- by fuch Ways and Means as the faid Commifiioners (hall think juft and poui&nably. reajf()n*ble.

V^riocom- XXII. And be it further enabled, That in cafe any Injury {hall be done |un« dune by to the Lands or Grounds of any Perfon or Per fans through which iuch making Drains lhall extend, for the Furpofc of d aining the faid Moor called Draa*. Portna Moor, it fhall be lawful for the faid Commifiioners, and they ate hereby authorized to make a reafonable Compenfation to the Owner or Owners of fuch Lands or Grounds fo injured by making fuch Drains,

Power to e-ill XXIII. And be it further enabled. That in cafe the Lands and Grounds tJrs'of rL?n'Jt of any Perfon or Ferfons lying on either Side of any Drains cr Water-fora compen- couries to be made through the Lands and Grounds hcieby directed to [noveme.i?”1" be divided, allotted, and in do lid, or through any other Lands and made to 1I1 in Grounds within the faid Parifh or Tovvnfhip fuch Drain or Drains fhall by draining, extend, fhall appear to the faid Commifiioners to have been benefited or improved thereby, then and in fuch Cafe it fhall be lawful for the faid Commifiioners to a fiefs cr rate the Owner or Owners of fuch Lands or Grounds fo benefited or improved thereby, in any Sum of Money not exuding Two Shillings in the Pound, as the faid Commifiioners fhall th’nk reafonable, which Money fhall be applied by the faid Commifiioners in.r p tiring and keeping in Repair the faid Drains or Watercourfes.

R?df h cd- XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That this A£t nor gates,.and any Thing therein contained fhall not deprive any Perfon or Perfons Watercouifes. whatfoever from ufing and exercifing the fame Right to any Roads,Ways, Floodgates, or Watercourfes now ufed for the Benefit or Improvements of Lands fituate near or adjoining the Lid Town or Borough of Leo-.minjiery but that fuch Peifon or Perfons fhall ufe and exercife Iuch Righc in fuch and the fame Manner, and with fuch and the lame Privileges, as before the palling of this A<ft.

Lands to Kc XXV. And be it further enaQed, That the faid Commifiioners (hall

Exp!nces.fr37 ana they :,re hereby authorized and empowered to fet out and alloc fuch P. rt or Parts of the faid Commons and Parcels of Wafte Lands, and alfo fo much and fuch Part or Parts of the laid Moor called Portna Mcor, as will by Sale thereof, in the Judgement of the faid Comm-fiioncrs, raife Morey fufficient to defray and di.charge all the Cofts, Charges, and Sixpences incident to and attending the obtaining and palling of tnis Aft, 6	and

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 148.

and of preparing and depofiting the Award of the faid Commiflioners, .and . f iurveyir.g, admbs faring, planning, valuing, embanking, draining, dividing, fencing fa? herein directed), and allotting the faid Commons and Parcels of Wafte Lands to be divided, allotted, and inclofed by virtue or this Act •, and all the Charges of the faid Commiflioners and Umpire, their Afliftants and Servants, and all the other necefifiry Ex-pencts of ihe fever.d Perfons to be employed by the faid CommifTioners ■in and about the faid Commons and Parcels ot Wafte Lands; and ail the Expences of forming, completing, and repairing the publick Carriage Roads and Highways to be fet out and appointed by the laid Com-miflioners to, over, or upon the faid Commons and Parcels of Wafte Lands ; and the faid CommifTioners fhall and they are hereby required to fell the Lands and Grounds fo fet our and allotted, in fuch Share or Allotment. Shares or Allotments, as to ihem lhall feem right and proper, to any Perfon or Perfons, for the belt Price or Prices that can be gotten for the fame, by publick Auction or Auctions to be had and holdcn for that Purpofe, of which Auction or Auctions refpedively Twenty-one Days previous Notice fhall be given in fome One or more publick Newfpaper or Newfpapers printed or circulated in the faid County of Hereford; and the Ptrfon or Peifons fo purchafing the fame at fuch publick Audion or Auctions fhall immediately pay (by Way of Depofit) into the Hands of the faid Commiflioners, or to fuch Perfon or Perlons as they Hull dired or appoint. One-tenth Part of his, her, or their Purchafe Money, and lhall pay the Remainder thereof within Six Calendar Months next after the Day of luch Sale, or at fuch other Time as the faid CommifTioners lhall appoint, and in Default thereof the Money fo depofited lhall be forfeited, and lhall be applied in carrying this Ad into Execution; and the Allotment or Allotments for which the Whole of fuch Purchafe Money lhall not have been (o paid, or for which there lhall be no Bidding at fuch Audi ion or Aud ons, lhall be again put up to Sale and fold by publick Audion or Auctions in Manner aforefaid, for the bell Price or Prices that can be gotten for the fame; and every Allotment, for which the full Put chafe Money fhall be paid, fhall immediately thereupon be abfolutely difeharged of and from all Common and other Rights thereon or therein, -and be vefled in Fee Simple in and be inclofed, and thenceforth held in Severalty by fuch Purchafer or Purchafers thereof refpedively, as his, her, or their own p ivate and abfolute Property, and fhall be allotted accordingly by the laid CommifTioners ; and the Purchafe Money lhall be applied by the faid CommifTioners in defraying fuch Colts, Charges, and Expences as aforefaid.

XXVI.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe fuch Part or Parts of the faid Commons and Parcels of Waite Lands lying within the Borough of Leominfter hereby direded to be fold as herein-before mentioned, lhall be fold for more Money than will be required to defray fuch Colts, Charges, and Expences as aforefaid, then and in luch Cafe fuch Surplus lhall be paid by the faid CommifTioners into the Hands of the Trustees

rein-after mentioned, or co the Treafurer to be by them appointed, and to be applied for the Purpofes herein-after mentioned; and in cafe there lhall be any Surplus Money arifing from the Sale of the Commons and Wafte Lands in Lufion direded to be fold, fuch Surplus fhatl be paid by the faid Lbmmiflioners to and divided amongft the Perfons having Right -of Common on the Wafte Lands in Lufton, in Proportion to their refpec-

tive

3864

48* GEORG 11 III. Cap. 148.

t!ve Rights and Inrerefts, or be applied by the faid Commiffijners in draining or otherwife improving the laid Walle Lands in LuJ'ton.

Provifi n for XXVII. And be it further enafted, That all the Cofts, Charges, and Expellees inVafe P^ces (in cafe the Money raifed by the Sale of the Lands herein directed the L-a.uis to to be fold (hall be inftiffident to defray the lame), incident to and attend-no/prjiuoi >nS ^ie obtaining and palling of this Aft, and of furveying, meaf&nng, Money	planning, valuing, embanking, draining, dividing, and allotting the

enough.	Lands and Grounds to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Aft, and

of preparing the Award of the faid Commifironei's, and all the Charges and Expenccs of the faid CommiHioners, their Afiiftants and Servants, and all other neceflary Expences of the leveral Perfons to be employed by the Lid Commilnoners in and about the Premifes; and all the Expences of forming, completing, and repairing the pubfick Cariiage Roads and Highways to be fee out and appointed by the faid Commiliioners, and ail orher Expences of carrying this and the faid recited Act into Execution by the faid Commiliioners, fhall be borne and defrayed by the feveral Perfons to whom any Allotment or Allotments fhall be made by virtue of this Act; which Lid feveral Cofts, Charges, and Expences, together with the Proportions thereof to be paid by the feveral Perfons hereby made liable to the Payment thereof, (hall be adjufted and apportioned by the faid Commiilicners, and fhall be paid at fuch Time and Place, and to fuch Perfon or Perfons, as the faid Commiffioners fliall nominate or appoint, either before or after the Execution of their faid Award; and in cafe any Perfon or Perfons fliall refufe or negleft to pay his, her, or their Share cr Proportion of fuch Cofts, Charges, and Expences, according to fuch Direction or Appointment as aforefaid, then and in fuch Cale the fame fhall and may be levied and recovered in the Manner directed or preferibed by the faid recited Act.

the°iTu”ees° XXVIII. And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiflloners fliall onuclTLaTids then fet out and allot the Refid ue and Remainder of fo much and fuch fs ! ’ w:thi" r ^art cr ^arts the laid Commons and Parcels of Wafte Lands hereby Leo^niteV.°f direfted to be divided, allotted, and inclofrd, as lie within the faid Town or Borough, unto the Truftces herein-afttr nominated and appointed, or the Survivor of them, by the Name and Style of The Truftees for the Proprietors of Lands and Hereditaments within the Town cr Borough cf Leominller in the County of Hereford, appointed by an Aft pajfed in the Forty-eighth Tear of the Reign of King George the Third; and luch Lands and Grounds fo let out and allotted fliall be, and the fame are hereby declared to be veiled in the faid Truftee3 and their Succelfors, to be appointed by virtue or in purfuance of this Aft, for ever freed and dif-charged of and from all Right, Title, Intereft, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, which the Burgefles of the Town or Borough of Leominfter far the Time being, or any other Perfon or Peifons, could or might have in, upon, or to the fame, or any Part or Parts thereof, upon luch Trull neverthelefs, and to and for fuch Ufes, Intents, and Purpoles as are mentioned, exprciled, or declared of and concerning the fame in and by this Aft.

Power to leafs XXIX. And be it further enafted, That it fliall be lawful for the faid ti'oned^AUor- Truftees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered (firft giving n.rms which Thirty Days Notice thereof on the Door of the Pariih Church ot Lee-

48” GEORGII III. Cap. 148.	2865

mnftcr, and advertifing the fame Three Times at the lead in fome One or more Newlpaper or Newfpapcrs circulating in the faid County of Hereford, from Time to Time, to demife or leafe the faid lalt-mentioned Allotments by publick Audion to the bed Bidder for any Term of Years not exceeding Fourteen Years at any one Time, commencing from the Day of the Date of fuch Demife or Leafe, for the bed annual Rent that can be had or gotten for the fame, clear of all Levies, Taxes, or other Dedudtions* and the faid Commiflioncrs (hall, under the Authority of this A£t, demife or leafe fuch Allotments for the aforefaid Term or any lefs Term, free from all Claims wbatfoever (except Mines and Minerals): Provided always, that there be contained in every fuch Demife, Leafe, or Deed fo to be made, fuch Covenants for the Payment of the Rent by the Lefifee or Leflees to the Trudces herein-after named, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hail be by them authorised to colle& and receive the fame, and fuch Power of Re-entry by the faid Trudees entitled to receive the faid Rents, on Non-payment of the fame or any Parc thereof, as the faid Trudces (hall think proper, and that the Lcfiee or LefTees thereof (hall execute a Counterpart or Counterparts of his or their feveral Leafe or Leafcs.

XXX.	And be it further enabled, That it fhall be lawful for the faid J^*^0**" Commiflioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at any Rights of Time or Times before the Execution of their faid Award, by Notice in common. Writing under their Hands, to be affixed upon the principal outer Doors

of the Parifhes ChurchtS of Leominfter and Eye refpe&ively, to order and dirett all or any Part of the Rights of Common in, over, or upan the faid Commons and Parcels of Waite Lands, or any Part or Parts the reof, to be extinguifhed, or the Exercife thereof to be luipended ; an 1 that all fych Rights of Common as the faid Commiflioners (hall by (uch Writing order and diredt to be extinguifhed, or the Exercife thereof to be fufpended as aforefaid, (hall from the Time of affixing fuch Notice on the faid refpeftive Church Doors, ceafe, determine, and be extinguifhed, cr the Exerci/e thereof be fufpended accordingly, any Law, Ufage, or Cultom to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XXXI.	And be it further enabled, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Exchange*. Commiflioners to fet out, allot, and award any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatfoever within the faid Parifh of Leominfter and Town-

(hip of Lufton, in lieu of and in Exchange for any other Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments whatfoever, in lieu of Lands within the faid Parifh and Townfhip, or within the laid Parifli of Eye9 or within any adjoining Parifh, Townlhip, Manor, Hamler, or Place.* provided that 2II fuch Exchanges be afeertained, fpecified, and declared in the Award of the faid Commiflioners, and be made with the Confent of the Owner or Owners of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which fhall be fo exchanged, whether fuch Owner or Owners fhall be a Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, or Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or by the Courtefy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Confent of the Guardians, Truftees, Feoffees for charitable or other Purpoles, Hufbands, Committees, or Attornies of or ailing for any fuch Owners as aforefaid, who, at the Time of making fuch Exchange or Exchanger., fhall be relpe&ively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunaticks, or under any other legal Difability, or who (hall be beyond the Seas, or [Loc. & Perl]	32 D other	wife

2866

Exp'nc;* of Exchanges by

paid.

Tvfoiwv ad

vanted to be npaid *!th

Commifllonen it a accouiu.

Proprietor* to p.iy their own

£x»tnce.> at Meeting**

Wills and

48“ GEORGII III. Cap.i48.

other wife difablrd to aft for thetnfelvrs, himfelf, or herfclf, fuch Confent to b*t certified in Writing under the Common Seal of the Body Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other c^Tvfeming P-rties refpeftively ; and all and every foeh Exchange and Exchanges fo to be made fhall be good, valid, and cffeftual in the Law to all Intents and Purpofcs whatfoever : Provided- nevertheless, that no Exchange (hall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Heredi aments held in R'ghc of ant Church, Chapel, or other Ecclefiaftical Benefice, without the t onfent ftrOtfied as afordaid) of the Patron thereof, and of the Lord Bifhop of the Diocefe in which fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo to be exchanged (hall lie and be fuuate.

XXXII.	And be it further emfted, That the Expences attending every Exchange or Partition of the Lands and Grounds by this Aft intended to he divided, allotted, and incloied, which (hall be made by virtue of this Act, (hall be borne and defrayed by the refpeftire Parties making fucb Exchanges or Partitions, diftinft and apart fr m the other Expences attending the Execution-of this Aft, in fucii Manner as the laid Commif-ficners fhall order and direft.

XXXIII.	And he it further enafted, That if any Perfon (hall advance

and p.y any Money in Di(charge of the Expcm.es of obtaining, parting, and executing this Aft, the M ney fo pfid or advanced (hall be repaid and Ltisfied bv the Direction of the laid Commiflioners together with lawful Intertft for the fame.

» XXXIV. And be it further enafted. That once at leaft in each and every Year during the Execution of this Aft, fo far as the lame iclates to thefaid D'vifion, Allotment, and Inclofi re (fuch Ye*rto be computed fr« m the Day of parting theieof), the faid Com mi (boners (hall and they hereby required to make a true and juft Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by them received and expended or due to them for their own Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Act and the laid recited Aft, fo far as the lame relates to the laid intended Divifion, At lotmem, ana Inclofure; and fuch Statement or Account when fo made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, (hall be by them Lid before One of His Mujeftv’s Juftices of the Peace for the Time being for the faid County or Hereford, to be by him examined and balanced, and fuch Balance (hail be by fuch juftice dated in the Book of Accounis to be kept in the Office of the Clerk or Clerks to the Lid Commiflioners, and no Charge or Item in fuch Accounis (hall be binding on the Parties concerned or valid in Law unlels the fame lliail have been duly allowed by fuch Juftice.

- XXXV. And be it further enafted. That the Lid Proprietors, their 1 AttoVnies and Agents, fhall piy ana defray their own Charges and Ex-peaces when they or any of them (hail attend ihe faid Commiflioners at any of their Meetings to be hoi Jen in purfuance of this Aft.

XXXVI.	And be it further enafted. That nothing in this or the Lid rented Aft contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to revoke, make void, after, or annul any Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any Perfon or Pcrfuju having any Bight qj Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion*

2867

48H GEORG 11 IK. Cap. 148.

lion. Debts, Rents, or Incumbrances out of, upon, or affe&ing any of the Melfuages, Buildings, Lands, or Grounds to be divided, allotted, inclofed, cr exchanged in purfuanee of this or the faid recited Adi, or any Part or Parts thereof refprflively; but that the refpe&ive Perfons, to whom any Lands or Hereditaments fh*ll be allotted or given in Exchange by virtue of this or the faid recited Adi, lhall be feifed thereof to fuch and the fame Ufes, and for fuch and the fame Eftates and fubjedt to fuch and the fame Wills, Jointures, Rents, Charges, and Incumbrances, and no other, as the Mefiuages, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whereof fuch Pcrfon was feifed or poflefied at or immediately before ihe Execution of the Award cf the faid Commiflioners, or tor which or in refpi-ct whereof fuch Allotments or Exchanges lhall be made, would have been fubjedt to,' charged with, or affedled by, in cafe this Adi had not been made.

XXXVII And be it further ensdled, That the Award to be made by the fardComm.flioners, when enrolled in Manner directed by the faid recited Adi, (hall be depofited in the Parifh Church of Leominfter 3forefaid.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enadled, That if any Perfon or Perfons lhall think himfelf, heifelf, or themfclves aggrieved by any Thing done in purfuance of this or the faid recited Adi by the faid Cc mmiflioners, or by any Matter or Thing relating to the faid Embanking, Draining, Divi-fion, Inclofure, o> Allotments (other than and except fuch Orders and Determinations of the faid Commiflioners as are by the laid recited Adi or this Adi di efted ro be final or conclusive, and except in fuch Cafes where an IlTue at Law is herein-befure dirrdled to be tried'), then and in every fuch Cafe he, Ihe, cr they may appeal to the General Quarter Stflkns of the Peace which lhall be holdcn for the faid County of Hereford, within Four Calendar Months next after the Caufe of Cpmplaint lhall have arifen, on giving to the faid Commiflioners and the Party or Parties concerned Ten Days Notice in Writing of fuch Appeal and of the Matter thereof *, and the Jullices (not inrerefted in the P.cmifes), at their faid General Quarter Seflions, are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every fuch Appeal, and to make fuch Order therein, and award fuch Colls and Damages, as to them in their Difcretion lhall feern rcafonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Colls and Charges which (hall be lb awarded by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chat els of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if anv) on Demand to ihe Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reafonable Charges of fuch Warrant, Diltrefs, and Sale; and the Determination of the faid Jullices lhall be final arid cobclufive to all Parties concerned, and lhall not be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefs whatfuever, into any of His M jelly’s Courts of Record at Weftminfter, or elfewhere j but in cafe fuch Appeal lhall appear to the faid Jullices to be frivolous, vexa-tious, or without Foundation, then and in Inch Cafe the faid Jullices lhall award fuch Cofls to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants as to them in their Difcretion lhall feem reafonable, and to be levied in Manner afoTefaid.

XXXIX.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, Tpat nothing in this A:t lhall prejudice, Iclferr, or defeat the Right, Title, or Intertit of

5	the

Award to he depofited in the Parilh Church of Leominfter.

Allowing 3n Appeal.

Saving the Night of Lords of Manors to Seigniories, Realties, &c.

*868	48°	GEORG11 III. Cap. 148.

the Lords cf the faid, Manors aforefaid, or any future Lords of the faid Manors, in and to the Seigniories, Royalties, Rights, and Services belong* ing thereto, but the laid Lveral Lords, and *11 future Lords of the faid Manors, (hall and may from Time to Time, and at all Times for ever hereafter, hold and enjoy all Mine?, Minerals, Goods, and Chattels if Felons and fugitive felons of themlelyes, and Perfons put in exigent, Deodands, Waus, Edrays, Foifcitures, and all other Rights, Royalties, JurifJLiions, and Pre-eminences whatever to the faid Manors appendant or appertaining, in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, as he or they might or could have held and enjoyed the fam;, in cate this Ad had not been made.

General	XL.	Saving	always	to the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, His Heir*

Sav,ng*	and Succrfibrs, and to the Company of Proprietors of the Leominfter

Canal Navigation, and to all and every Perfon and P< rfons, and Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs, Succcffors, Executors, and Adminiftrators, all fuch Right, Title, and Intereft (other than and except fuch as is and are hereby meant and inrended to be barred, deftroyed, and extinguifhed), as they, every, or 2ny of them had or enjoyed, or could or ought tp have had and enj yed, of, in, to, or out of the Lands or Grounds hereby dirtied to be divided, allotted, and indofrd, before the palling of this Av5I, or in cafe the fame had never been made.

Tmftees for	XIJ.	And be it further enabled, That the High Steward, the Recorder,

r«!*ting»Vhe l^e Bailiff, and Juftices of the Peace for the faid Town or Borough of improvement Leominfter for the Time being refpe&iv'rly, the Lord of the Manor and Borough	Borough of Leominfter for the Tune being, together with the Reverend

"	Sir John Dutton Colt Baronet, the Honourable Thomas Harley Rodney,

Somerfet Davies Efquire, William Wall Efquire, William llanhury Efquire, Thomas Smith Efquire, William Evans Efquire, the Reverend John Wall, the Reverend Whittington Landon Doflor in Divinity, the Reverend John Glajfe, the Reverend Thomas Jennings, the Reverend George Evans, the Reverend James Colt, the Reverend T homos Alban, the Reverend Thomas Vaughan, the Reverend Francis Coleman, the Reverend	Smithies,	Thomas

Coleman, John Morris, Nicholas Geary Do&or of Phyfiek, John Woodhoufe, EJward Evans, Edward Woodhoufe, Richard Haling, Jofeph Hay ling, John Wynde, John Southall, Nicholas Mafon, Havy Gatehoufe, William Bedford, Bonham Caldwall, William Vale, William Vole the younger, Robert Evans, Thomas Smith, John Brown, John Coleman, Thomas Nicbolls, Tobias Dav es* Richard Burlton, Thomas Tolder vey, James Baiky Toldervey, John Scarlet, Humphrey John Stone, William Precce, Philip Derry, Thomas Simpfon, Edward Bannifter the elder, Francis Edwards, and John Jones, bein^ qualified as herein-afeer mentioned, and their Succeffors 10 be eleded at herein-after directed, fhaH be and they are hereby appointed Truilees for cariying into Execution the fcveral Powers and Authorities bercin-after given and granted to or veiled ip them by virtue pf this Aft.

For electing XLII. And be ft further enabled. That when and fo often as aiiy of the new Tru ee«. Xruftees appointed by this A£l, or to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned (except thole who aie or fhall be entitled to be Truftees by virtue of their OfficesJ, lhall die or refute toad, or be rendered incapable of acling, by Sickncls or any 0thsr Caufe, then and in eveij fuch

Cafe

2869

k

■k

'B*

!iu|

jMtj

itiej,

M

CftOt

Hein

tin.ltt

fes

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 148.

Cafe the furviving or remaining Truftees fhall from Time to Time, and they are hereby required, by Writing under their Hands, within One Calendar Month next after fuch Death, Refufal, or Incapacity to aft (hail happen, or as foon after as Oceafion (hall require, to appoint another Truftee in the Room or Place of every fuch Truftee fo dying or refufing to aft, or who fliall become incapable of afting as aforefaid; and every fuch Truftee who fliall be fo appointed, having taken and fubferibed the Oath herein-afttr direfted to be taken and fubferibed, fliall have the fame Powers and Authorities by virtue of this Aft as the Truftee in whole Place he fhall fucceed or be appointed was invefted with, provided that Notice be given in the Parifli Church of Lcominfter of the Time and Place of Meeting to choofe every fuch Truftee, at leaft Fourteen Days before every fuch Meeting.

U or cut of

1

mi

cordcr, jugb of tor aiul

'reread

[quire,

M ijp u, the

li>wi

f, Jlbl

ltd

urkfi

king

niiot

or the kcreii**

atN

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That no Perfon Qualification fhall be capable of bring elefted a Truftee to aft in the Execution of this of TruI ec*' Aft (except fuch as fliall be Truftees by virtue of their Offices), unlefs he fliall be poflefTed in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, of an Eftate Real or Pcrfonal, or both, of the Amount or Value of Fifteen hundred Pounds; nor unlefs he fhall be feilVd in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, of an Eftare of Freehold or Copyhold, or both, in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly value of Fifty Pounds; nor fhall any Perfon act as a Truftee in the Execution of this Aft during the Time of his holding any Place of Profit under this Aft, nor in any Cafe where he fhall be personally interefted or concerned; nor fliall any Perfon aft as a Truftee in the Execution of this Aft (otherwife than in adminiftering the Oath herein-after mentioned) until he fliall have taken fuch Oath before any One or more of the faid Truflees, who is and are hereby authorized and empowered to adminifter the fame; (that is to fay),

4 T A. B. do fwe2r, That I am truly and bond fide in the aftual Poflefiion Oath of 4 ^ and Enjoyment [or. Receipt] of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Trullees*

4 Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds

*	above Repriles [or, poflefled of or entitled to a Real or Perfonal Efface

*	to the Amount or Value of Fifteen hundred Pounds], and that I will 4 faithfully, hontftly, and impartially, according to the beft of my Skill 4 and Judgement, execute and peiform the feveral Trufts, Powers, and 4 Authorities vefted and repofed in me as a Truffee, by virtue of an Aft 4 pafled in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third,

4 intituled, An Aft [here hferi the 'Title ofi this Atwithout Favour or 4 Atieftion, Prejudice or Malice to any Perfon or Pcrfons whomfoever,

4 So help me GOD.*

Arid if any Perfon not being fo qualified fliall acl as a Truftee in the Execution of this Aft, every fuch Perfon fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit ar.d pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Perfon or Perfons who fliall fue for the fame in any of His Majefty's Courts of Record, by Aftion of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Effoign, protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance fliall be allowed, and tvery fuch Perfon fo fued or profecuted fhall prove that he is qualified as a*crefaid, or otherwife fhall pay the faid Penalty, without any other Proof on the Part ot the Piantiff or Profecutcr, than that fuch Pcian hath afted as a Truftee in the Execution of this Aft: Provided £f*9e* & Per.]	3?	E	nevetthelcL,

2870

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 148.

nevenhtlefs, that all A<?b and Proceedings of any Perfon or Perfon. ading as a Truftee or Truflees in the Execution of this Ad, though not duly qualified as aforefaid, previous to his cr their being convided of the laid Offence, fhall notwithftanding fuch Convidion be as good, valid, and efEdual as if fuch Perfon or Perfons had been qualified according to the Directions of this Ad.

Truftees may XLIV. And be ir further enaded. That fuch of the faid Truftees, as arc except^htl•e,, or	juftices	of the Peace, fhall and may, and they are hereby cm-

ijitcreiteti. powered (in their refpedive Juriididions) to ad as Ju(lice's of the Peace in the Execution of this Ad, nqtwi'hltahding their being Trultees, except only in luch Cafes where they fhall be perfonally intcrcited.

Mcwtingsof XLV. And be it further enaded. That the Lid Truflees, or any Seven t..« liuitcts. moie 0f	fhall meet together at the Town Hall, or at fuch other

Place within the faid Town or Borough of Leominjter, as they, or any .Seven or more of them, fhall think fit, within Twenty Days next after the pafiing of this Ad, between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Morning and Two of the Clock in the Afternoon of the fame Day, and proceed to the Execution of this Ad; and the faid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, may then and from Time to Time afterwards adjourn themfelves to meet at fuch Place or Places within the faid Town or Borough of Lectninfter, as they fhall think fit, for putting this Ad into Execution; and if at any of the faid Meetings, the Truftees prefent fhall omit or negkd to adjourn fuch Meeting to another Day, or it there fhall not appear a Efficient Number of Truftees to adjourn (Two Truftees being hereby declared Efficient for the Purpoi'e of Adjournment only), then and in every fuch Cafe every fuch Meeting or intended Meeting fhall be adjourned to the Fourteenth Day next after the Day on which the Meeting was held, or fuch intended Meeting was appointed to be held, and fo from Fourteen Days to Fourteen Days until a Efficient Number of the faid Truftees do or fhall meet and adjourn ; and Eight Days publick Notice of every fuch Adjournment fhall be given by the Clerk to the faid Truftees as hercin-after mentioned; and at any Meeting of the faid Truftees, no Bufinels fhall be begun or proceeded upon before the Hour of Ten in the Forenoon, nor fhall any Adjournment be made to any later Hour than Three in the Afternoon, and the faid Truftees at all their Meetings fhall defray their own Expences.

Annual M;et-	XLVI. And be it further enaded. That the faid Truftees, or any Seven

tS«gfAc-et" or more of them, fhall and may and they are hereby required to meet at the counts."	Place or Places aforefaid on the Firft Tbur/day in the Month of March

yearly, which Meeting fhall be called a General Meeting of the faid Truftees, and at all fuch General Meetings the Accounts of all the Monies received and paid from Time to Time, by virtue and in purfuance of fo much of this Ad as relates to the paving and improving the faid Town and Borough of Leominfter> by any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, fhall be produced, ftated, examined, and fettled, and verified on the Oath or Oaths of the Perfon or Perfons accounting for the lame, which Oath or Oa<hs the faid Truftees, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized ana empowered to adminifter.

XLVII. And

480 GEORGII III. Cap.i^S.

XLVII. And be it further enafted, That in all Cafes where Notice is by this Aft direfted to be giver, of any Meeting of the Bid T«uftees, or of any Thing to be done by thy Ciid Trutlees, or any of them, in the Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted, fuch N rtice lhall be in Writing, and figned by the Clerk to . the laid 1 rofte-s, or by any One or more of the faid Truftees', and Affixed upon the Door of the Pariih Church of Leominfter atorelaid. on fome Sunday Morning immediately before Divine Service, ac half Eight Days brtdre luch intended Meeting (except in fuch Cafes wherein a different Time is hereby direfted for fetch Notice to be given and then for the Tim.- fo directed) j and that in every fuch Notice, the Time of Meeting of the laid Trtiflees, and the particular Bufinefs or Thing intended to De traniafted or done thereat, lhall be mentioned and fee forth.

XLVIII. And be it further enafted, That at every Meeting of the Truftees to be held in purfuance of this Aft, the .iiultces then prefent, •r the major Part of them, lhall name and appoint, or otherwife elect by Ballot, a Chairman or President of iuch Meeting* and all Queftions pro-pofed or agitated at every fuch -Meeting lhall be determined by the Majo-rity of the Truftees then preienc; and in cafe of an equal: .Number of Voices or Votes of the Truftees lo afiembled upon any luch Qutftitfrt, including the Voice or Vote of the faid Chairman or Prefident, then the Chairman or Prefident lhall have the calling and decifive Voice or Vote ; and all the Powers and Authorities by this Aft granted to or veiled in the faid Truftees, lhall and may from Time to i ime be excreded by the major Part of them prftenc at any Meeting to be hojden in purluanee.of this Aft, the whole Number prclcnt at fuch Meeting not being lefs than Seven j and all the Orders and Proceedings of the laid Truftees prefcnt at fuch their feveral Meetings lhall have the fame Force a d Eifedt as if the lame were made or done by all the faid Truftees for the Time being (fave and except as may be herein excepted).

XL1X. And be it further enafted. That the Clerk to the faid Truftees lhall caufe fair and regular Entries co be made in a Bock or Books to be kept for that Purpofe of all the Acts, Orders, and Proceedings of tb? faid Truftees relative to the Execution of this Aft, and the Chaw man of every Meeting, and the Clerk to the faid Trufttes, fnall always fubfcribe their Names at the End of the laid Proceedings> and the faid Cicik lhall and he is hereby required to enter in the faid Book or Books the Names of at leaft Seven of the Truftees who were actually p re lent at any fuch Meeting i and all Entries in fuch Book or Books Being figned as afore-laid lhall be deemed original Entries, and fnall be allowed to be read as Evidence in all Courts and upon all Occalions whatever i and ac any of their Meetings, and at all other convenient and leafonable Times, fuqh .Book or Books lhall be open to the Infpeftion of all and every the laid Truftees.

L. And be it further enafted, That it lhall be lawful for the faid Truftees from Time to Time, at the fiift or any other of their Meetings to be held in purluanee.of, this Aft, to cleft and appoint fit and proper Perfons to be a Treasurer, Clerk, and Surveyor, and alio fuen other Officers for the Execution of the feveral Poweis and Authorities given and granted to the faid Truftees by virtue of this Aft, as they fiiall think

proper.

2S71

Nctice of Meeting* to be given.

A Chairman to be appointed.

All the Power* of the Act 10 he exercilrdlty a Majority of

pioceediiiggof tiie I ; uif^s to be entered m Hooks.

Truftees may appoint Officers, &c.

2872

48* G E O R G11 III. Cap. 148.

proper, and may from Time to Time remove fuch Treafurer, Clerk, and other Officers, as they (hall fee Occafion, and out of the Monies to be received by them the faid Truftees by virtue of this Aft, to allow and pay fuch Salaries and Allowances to the faid Treafurer, Clerk, and other Officers, as the (aid Truftees fhall think reafonable; and the faid Truftees fhall and they are hereby required to take fuch fufficient Security from each fuch Treafurer, Clerk, and other Officer, for the due Execution of his or their Office, as they the faid Truftees fhall think proper; and all fuch Officers fo to be appointed fhall under their Hands, at fuch Time or Times, and in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees fhall direct, deliver to the (aid Truftees, or to fuch Perfon or Perfcns as they fhall appoint, true and perfeft Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Aft; and alio of all the Monies which fhall have been by fuch Officers refpeftively received by virtue and for the Purpofes of this Aft, and how much thereof hath been expended and difburfed and for what Purpole, rogether with proper Vouchers for fuch Payments; and fhall pay all fuch Monies as fhall remain due from them refpeftively to the faid Truftees, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they fhall appoint to receive the fame; and every fuch Trealurer fhall, on the Firft Tburfday in the Month of March yearly, or at the Fiift Meeting of the faid Truftees then next following (although not thereunto required by the faid Truftees), lay his Accounts before the laid Truftees, in order that the fame may be audited, pafted, and allowed by them, if approved of by the faid Truftees; and in cafe any luch Treafurer or other Officer fhall not make and render, or fhall negleft or refute to verify upon Oath (which Oath any One of the faid Truftees is hereby empowered to adminifter), any fuch Account, or to produce or deliver up the Vouchers relating to the fame, or to make Payment as afortiaid, or fhall not deliver to the faid Truftees, or to fuch Perfon as they fhall appoint, within Fourteen Days next after being thereunto required by Notice in Writing figned by the faid Truftees, or any Two of them* and given to or left at the laft or ufual Place of Abode of fuch Treafurer or other Officer, all Rocks, Papers, and Writings in his Cuftody or Power relating to the Execution of this Aft, or give Satisfaction to the faid Truftees refpefting the fame; and if Complaint lhall be made thereof by or on Behalf of the faid Truftees to any Juftice of the Pea*.e for the County, Town, or Place where fuch,Treafurer or other Officer fhall be or refide, fuch Juftice is hereby authorized and requited, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cauie fuch TreTurer or other Officer fo refufing or neglecting to be brought before him, and upon his appearing or not being found, to hear and determine the Matter of CoixipUmt in a fummary Way; and if upon the Confetti on of the Party, or by the Teftimony of One credible Witnrfs upon Oath (which Oath fuch Juftice is hereby empowered to adminifter), it lhall appear to fuch Juftice that any of the Money that lhall have been col left cd and railed by virtue of this Aft fhall be in the Hands of fuch Trealurer or other Officer, luch Juftice may and he is hereby authorized and required to otder the Payment thereof, and upon Non-payment thereof, by Wat rant under his Hand and Seal to caufe fuch Money to be levied by Diftrefs and bale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Treafurer or uther Officer, together with the Cofts and Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, to be fettled and afcci-tained by fuch Juftice, and which he is hereby authorized and empowered to fettle and afeertain, rendering the Overplus (if any) to die Party or 8	Baltics

2873

48'GEORGII III. Gap. 148.

Parties whole Goods and Chattels ffiajl be , To diftrained, or leaving the 'fame at the Placewhere the Diftrefs fhall be made $ or if it lhall in Manner aforefaid appear that any fuch Treafurer or other Officer ffiall refufe or negleCt to render and give fuch Account, or to verify the lame as aforeiaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books,

Papers, or Writing relating to tjie Execution of this Act, ffiall be in the .Cuftody or Power of any.fuch Treafurer or other Officer, and he ffiall have refuted or neglected to deliver or give Satisfaction refpecting the ffime as aforefaid, then fuch Juftire ffiall commit fuch Treafurer or other .Officer to the Common Gaol for the faid County of Herefordy there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he ffiall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforefaid, or ffiall have compounded .with the Paid Truftees touching the fame, and ffiall have paid fuch Com-pofition in fuch Manner as they ffiall appoint (which Compofition the laid Trustees are hereby empowered to make and receive), or until he ffiall deliver up all fuch Books, Papers, and Writings as aforefaid, or give Satisfaction in refpect thereof as aforefaid ; but no Perfon who ffiall have been fo committed as aforefaid ffiall remain in Prifon for any longer Time than, Six Calendar Months.

t l. And be it further enaCted, That whenever any Action ffiall be Actions to he brought by the Order of the faid Truftees again ft any Perfon or Perfons brought^n^the 'by virtue of this ACt, the fame may be brought in the Name of their Treasurer or Treafurer or Clerk, or in the Name of any One of the faid Truftees on. Clerk. Behalf of the laid Truftees; and no fuch ACtion ffiall abate or be dif-continued by the Death or Removal of the Perfon in whofe Name the Tame ffiall be brought, nor by the ACt of fuch Perfon or Perfons without the Confent of the faid Truftees at a Meeting to be holden in puifuance of this ACt; but no fuch Treafurer, Clerk, or Vruftee, or any cr either of them, ffiall be fubjeCt to the Payment of any Cofts or Expences on Account thereof, but all fuch Cofts and Expences ffiall be defrayed out "of the Money arifing by virtue of this ACt.

LH. And be it further enacted, That all the prefent and future Pave- prefent and ments, Tlagllones, and Curbitones in the feveral Streets, Lanes, and other ,u‘u^ publick Paflages and Places in the faid Town or Borough of Leominfter, in'the Trui-and the Stones, Gravely and other Materials, of which as well the Foot- tees-ways as Carriageways of fuch Streets, Lanes, and other publick Paftages and Places do and ffiall confift; and alfo all Lamps, Lamp Irons, Lamp Polls, Watch Boxes, WatcIV Houfes, and other Houfes and Buildings which ffiall be ereCted or fixed up by virtue of this ACt by the faid Truftees, and all Materials, Implements, and other Things which ffiall be purchafed or provided by the faid Truftees for the Purpotes of this ACt, ffiall belong to aiid be the Property of and the fame is and are hereby vetted in the laid Truftees; and the faid Truftees ffiall and may caufe to be brought-any ACtion or ACtions, or direCt the preferring ot any Bill dr Bills of Indictment (as the Cafe may require) againft any Perfon or Perfons who ffiall fteal, rake, or carry away, detain, fpoil, injure, or deftroy the feveral Articles and Things hereby vefted in them the faid Truftees as aforefaid, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof; and in all fuch ACtions and Bills of Indictment refpec-tively, it fhall be lufficient to ftate generally that the Article or Artiqles,

Thing or Things, for or on Account of which fuch ACtion or ACtions [£<*. & Per.]	32 F	frail

a874	480	GEORGII	III. Cap.i48.

(hall be brobght, or Bill or Bills of Indictment preferred, is or are the Property of The Truftees for the Improvement of the Town or Borough of Leominfter in the Cotinry of Hereford, without particularly mentioning or fpecitying the Name or Names of all or any of fuch Truftees; and the faid Trultees (hall have full Power and Authority from Time to Time to fell and difpofe of, for the Purpofes of this Aft, all or any of the laid Articles and Things, or any Part or Parts of the fame refpeftively, to fuch Per fort or Perfons, and in fuch Manner, as they the faid Truftees (hall think proper; and if any Perfon or Perions (hall wilfully or mali-cioufly break up, injure, deftroy, or otherwife damage any of the Articles or Things hereby vefted in them the faid Tiullces, or any ol the Works done by them in purfuance of this Act, every fuch Perfon fo offending lball for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Power for the LIII. And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the faid ^ vtftheTruftees, and they are hereby authorized and required from Time to Street!,6etc.	Time, to caufe the fevcral Streets, Lanes, and other publick Pafljges

and Places within the faid Town or Borough ot Leom;vfter> or any P«.rc or Parts thereof, as well the Carriage as Footways, to be new paved, flagged, repaired, and amended, and the Pavements and Flagging thereof to be taken up and re-Lid, and the Ground thereof to be raifed, lowered, or altered from Time to Time, in fuch Manner and with fuch Materials as they the faid Truftees (hall think fit; and the Bridges to be widened and altered from Time to Time in fuch Manner and with fuch Materials as they (hall think fit; and to caufe to be cut or made in, through, over, or under any of the faid Streets, Lines, puoiick Paffages and Places, any new Tunnels, Gufers, Sinks, Drains, Sewers, or Watercourfes for conveying the Wa:er from the fame respectively; and alfo to caufe any of the prefent Gutters, Sinks, Drains, Sewers, and Watercourfes to be flopped up, or opened or widened, and the Form thereof to be altered, turned, varied, or changed, in fuch Manner as they the faid Truftees (hall think fit; and ic (hall be lawful fur the faid Truftees to take up, remove, or caufe to be taken up and removed, ail or any Polls, Rails, Pales, or Trees in fuch Streets, Lanes, Paffages, or Places, or any of them, as they the (aid Trultees (hall judge uklcfs, or to be a Nuifance or Obftruftion to Foot Paffengers, Horles, or Carnages; and alfo to ercCt and place up all fuch Polls and Rails, Embankment;* and other Fences, for the P ot ft ion jnd Safety of Travellers cr Perfons rcloriing to the faid Town of Leominjter, as they lhall fee neceffary.

Bailiff and LIV. And it further enafted, That nothing in this Aft contained Bur-ff-s not (hall txtend or be conftrted to extend to exempt, exonerate, or dilcharge nerat^Xfrom £he faid Baikff and Capital Burgeffes of the laid Town or Borou»h from the Rep ij of any Experce cr Expences they are now liable to ft m repairing and keep-Bruiges, &C. ,ng ,n K«rp».iir ar y Blidge or Bridges acro s the laid Rivers running through or near the laid Town or B. ro^ gh, but that the Lid B dliff and Burgeffes ft.all repair am k cp in Repair the laid Bridge and Brides, in luch and the fan e Manrei .s herein*before, and as if this Aft had not been palled; ai.y i hmg herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Pavc-m

wi h i C r, 1 rulic

l"nt i v. And he it fu'thrr mafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall at "the an; rm.e take up the faiu Pavements and flagging, or any Part thereof,

or

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 148.	2875

or make or caufe to be made any Ateracion in any Tunnel, Gutter, Sink,

Drain, Sewer, or Watercourfe in any Street. Lane, publick Paffage, or Place in the faid Town or Borough of Leonrin[tery without the previous Confent in Writing of the faid Truftees, every fuch Perfon fo offending (hall for every loch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and in cafe the Perfon or Pcrfons lb taking up any fuch Pavement or Flagging, or any Part of the fame refpedively, or any fuch Tunnel, Gutter, Sink, Drain, Sewer, or Watercourfe, fhall not within Two Days after Notice in Writing by the Surveyor to the faid Truftees* given to or left at the laft or ufual Place or Places of Abode of fuch Perfon or Perfons, caufe the fame Pavemenc and Flagging refpedively which (hall have been fo taken up to be re-inftated, and the Tunnel,

Gutter, Sink, Drain, Sewer, or Watercourfe fo altered to be put into its former State, then and in every fuch Cafe it (hall be lawful for the Surveyor to the faid Truftees to caufe the fame refpedively to be fo done, the Cods and Charges whereof (hall be borne and paid by the Perfon or Perfons who (hall have taken up or altered fuch Pavement or Flagging,

Tunnel, Gutter, Sink, Drain, Sewer, or Watercourfe, or any Part thereof refpedively ; and in cafe of Non-payment thereof on Demand, (uch Cods and Charges (hall and may be levied and recovered in fuch and the like Manner as any Penalty is by this Ad direded to be levied and recovered.

LVI. And be it further enaded. That if any Houfcholder or Houfe- inhabitants to holders within the faid Town or Borough of Leominfter (hall make Com-plaint in Writing, under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, and (hall leave wi.entbe^ the fame at the laft or ufual Place of Abode of the Surveyor to the faid Pavement* Truftees, of any Defed or Want of Repair in any of the Pavements of Repaint any of the faid Highways, Streets, Lanes, Paffages, and Places, either before or after the fame (hall have been new paved or repaired by virtue of this Ad Four Days before the next Meeting of the laid Truftees, then and in every fuch Cafe the faid Surveyor (hall view the faid Pavements, and report the Condition thereof to the faid Truftees at their next Meeting i and if the faid Surveyor, to whom fuch Notice (hall be given or left as aforefaid, (hall upon fuch View find the Pavements complained of to be bad or defedive, the faid Truftees (hall and may order their Contrador or Contradors, Pavior or Paviors, to repair the fame within fuch Time as the faid Truftees (hall judge neceffary for the Repair thereof, which Time (hall be fpecified in fuch Order; and if the Contrador or Contractors, Pavior or Paviors, to whom fuch Order (hall be given, (hall not repair and amend fuch Pavements within fuch Time as he or they (hall be direded by the faid Truftees to repair and amend the fame, then and in every fuch Cafe the faid Contrador or Contradors, Pavior or Paviors, lhall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every Day that the fame bad or defedive Pavement (hall remain unrepaired after the Time limited by the faid Truftees in their faid Order; and One Moiety of every fuch Penalty (hall be applied and paid to fuch complaining Inhabitant, and the other Moiety lhall be applied to the Purpofes of this Ad.

LVII. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if the faid Sur- (hafu^X* veyoT lhall, on any fuch View or Views, be of Opinion that the Pavement <‘1=,‘/ave-or Pavements mentioned to be bad or defedive by luch Houfeholder or *5!w"7ht8’

6	Houfcholders	T.rultV*to

view the famei

S876

Truftees m*y Contracts.

than Three Years,

Trutfees may compound with Perfons for Breach of Contracts.

Contracts to be fignert by the Truitees,

For getting Materials lo repair the Streets, &c.

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 148.

Houfeholders' in fuch Notice is not bad or defective, then and in fuch

Cafe the faid Truftees (hall forthwith proceed to view the faid Pavements, and their Opinion and Order concerning the fame, after fuch View, fhall be final and conclusive j any Thing in this Ad contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

LVIII. And be it further enaded, That it fhall be lawful fur the faid Truftees to enter into any Contract or Contrads for paving, flagging, repairing, cleanfing, and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Pafiages, and Places within the faid Town or Borough of Leominjlcr, or any of them, or for furnifhing Materials, or any Matters or neceffary Things whatloever, or for any of fuch Purpofes ; bur before any fuch Contrad or Contrads fhall be entered into, Ten Days Norice at the leaft fhall be given in fome publick Newfpaper circulated in the faid County of Hereford, expreffing the Purpole or Purpofes of fuch Contrad or Contrads, in order that any Perfon or Perfons willing to undertake the fame may make Propofals for that Purpofe, to be offered to the faid Truftees at a certain Time and Place in fuch Notice to be mentioned; and the faid Truftees fhall and they are hereby required to take Security,from every fuch Contrador for the due Performance of his or her Contrad.

LIX. And be it further enaded. That no fuch Contrad or Contrads fhall be deemed good or valid if the fame fhall have been made for a longer Space or Term than Three Years from the Time of entering into fuch Contrad or Contrads.

LX. And be it further enaded, That it fhall be lawful for the faid Truftees from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to compound and agree with any Perfon or Perfons on account of any Breach or Nonperformance of fuch Contract or Contracts, for fuch Sum or Sums of Money as they fhall think proper, fo as the Sum fo compounded and agreed for be net lefs than the Injury or Damage fuftained by the Breach or Non-performance of fuch Contractor Contracts, and all Colls, Charges, and Expences which fhall be occafioned thereby.

LXI. And be it further enacted. That every fuch Conrract or Contracts fhall fpecify the feveral Works to be done, and the Prices to be received or paid for the fame, and the Time or Times when the faid Works, fhall be completed, and the Penalties to be fuffered in cafe of Non-perT formance thereof, and fhall be figned by the faid Truftees, and alfo by, the Perfon or Perfons contracting to perform fuch Works refpectively j which Contract or Contracts fhall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpofe by the Clerk to che faid Truftees.	>

LXII. And be it further enacted, Thar it fhall be lawful for the Surveyor to the faid Truftees, and to and for all fuch Perfons as he fhail appoint, to fearch for, cut, dig, get, gather, and take away any Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for making or repairing the Highways within the faid Town or Borough intended to be paved, amended, and repaired by the faid Truftees by virtue of this Act, out of or from any \Vafte Ground, River, or Brook in the Pariih of Leonunjier, or. in. any adjacent Parifh, Townfhip, Hamlet, Divifion, Diitmt, or Place, without paying any Thing for the fame, the faid Surveyor or other Perfon or

Perfons

28 77

BKKs

r>«m

**to[

'tt, or

a feme

)ftEn» tilt any Wjf ne and ullaai 5ori«

iwSi efau ;■ into

he Iiii

spoiisi

rfc IS of

a and

litadi

irges.

Cot-to be folks s-per-

Mf

■eiyi

»iSC

Sot-

jbiii

S01

tip

and

any

PI

i\&

0

lid

4-8° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 148.

Perfons a&ing by his Appointment, filling up the Pits or Quarries levelling the Ground, or (loping down the Banks where fuch Materials (hall be taken, or railing or fencing off fuch Pits or Quarries, fo that the fame may not be dangerous to Paffcngers or Cattle; and alfo that fuch Surveyor or other Perfons as aforefaid may, by Order of the faid Truftees (fuch Order to be made at fome Meeting of the faid Truftees to be Holden in purfuance of this Aft, and a Copy thereof to be given to fuch Surveyor, attefted and figned by the Clerk to the faid Truftees), fearch for, cut, dig, get, gather, and take away any fuch Materials as aforefaid, in, off, from, and out of the private Lands, Fields, and Grounds of any Perfon or Perfons where the fame may be had or found, fuch Lands, Fields, cr Grounds not being a Garden, Orchard, Yaid,

Park, Paddock, Walk or Walks, or Avenue to any Houfe, or any Piece of Ground planted and fet apart as a Nurfery for Trees, making or tendering fuch S itisfadion for the Damages done thereby to the Owners and Occupiers of fuch Grounds where and from whence the fame fhall be cur, dug, gotten, gathered, and carried away, or over which the fame or any other Materials for making and repairing the faid Highways 3nd Streets fhall be carried, according to their rtfpedlive Rights and Interefts in fuch Grounds, as the faid Truftees fhall judge reafonable; and in cafe of any Difference between the faid Truftees, Surveyors, or other Perfon or Per* ions employed as aforefaid, and the faid Owners or Occupiers of any of them, concerning fuch Damages, it fhall and may be lawful to and for One or more of the Juftices of the Peace of the County or Place where fuch Materials fhall be fo cur, dug, gotten, gathered, taken and carried away, or over which the fame fhall be carried, on Seven Days Notice thereof in Writing being given by either Party to the other, or left at their refpe&ive Places of Abode, to hear, fettle, and determine the Matters of fuch Payment and Damages; and the Judgement or Order of the laid Juftices fhall be final and conclufive upon all Parties.

LXIII. Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enacted, That it fhall Notice to be not He lawful for any Surveyor, or other Perfon or Perfons atting under occupfersof the Authority of this A£t, to dig, gather, get, take, or carry away any iocio/ea Lands Materials for repairing fuch Highways or Streets, out of or hom any rf^ar^tobe inclofcd Lands or Grounds, until Notice in Writing figntd by the Sur- taken., veyor fhall have been given to the Occupier of the Premifes, from which fuch Materials are intended to be taken, or left for fuch Occupier at his ufual Place of Refidence, to appear before the faid Truftees, or any One or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace atting for the County or Place where fuch Premifes fhall lie, to fhew Caule why fuch Materials fhall not be had from fuch Lands or Grounds; and in cafe fuch Occupier or his Agent fhali attend purfuant to fuch Notice, but fhall not fhew fufficient Caufe to the contrary, then and in fuch Cafe the faid Truftees or Inch Juftice or Juftices fhall and may authorize fuch Surveyor or oiher Perlon or Perfons to dig, get, gather, and carry away fuch Materials, at fuch Time or Times as to the laid Truftees or Juftice or Juftices fhall ft cm propc-r; and if fuch Occupier fhall neglefl or refufe to appear by himftlf or his or her Agent purfuant to fuch Notice, the faid Truftees or fuch Juftice or Juftices fhall and may make fuch Order therein as rhey refpec-tivtly fhall think proper, as fully and efFe&ually to all Indents and Purports a§ if fuch Occupier or his or her Agent had attended.

[Lw. Per.~\	32 G

LXIV. And

2878

Penalty on taking away Materials got by Order of tht Surveyor.

Directing

rials for Paving may be lodged.

Paviors and C31 ters to be appointed, and llorfes and Carts to be put chafed.

Truftees may direct the Streets to be deanfed.

Scavenger's

Duty.

48* GEORGII HI. Cap. 148.

LXiV. And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon ar Perfons whomfoever fhail remove or take away any Stones or Gravel, or any Materials laid upon fuch' Highways or Streets, or upon any Part thereof, for the Repair thereof, without the Order of the faid Truftees or of their Surveyor for that Purpofe; or if any Perfon or Peifons whomfoever fhall take away any Stones or Gravel, or any Materials which (hall have been dug or gathered by or by the Order of the faid Truftees or their Surveyor, in any Lands, Fields, or Wafte Grounds, River or Brook, for the Purpofe of amending fuch Highways or Street*, or any Part or Parts thereof; or (ball get or take away any Stones or Gravel or Materials out of any Pit or Quarry, which fhall have been made for the Purpofe of getting fuch Materials for amending the faid Highways and Streets, or any Part or Parts thereof, before the faid Surveyor or his Workmen (hall have difeontinued working therein for the Space of Three Weeks (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Grounds, and Pcrfons authorized by fuch Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein for his or her own private Ufe only and not for SateJ, every Perfon fo offending (hall forfeit and pay for any fuch Offence any Sura not exceeding Ten Shillings.

LXV. And be it further enabled, That during the Time any Street, Lane, PafTage, or Place in the faid Town or Borough, (hall be new paving, flagging, or repairing, or any of the Grates, Drains, or other Sewers therein fhall be altering or repairing, the faid Truftees (hall have Power to order the neceflary Materials to be lodged in that or any adjoining Street, Lane, PafTage or Place, or Streets, Lanes, Paffages or Places, according to their Difcretion; as alfo to flop the Way through that or any adjacent Highway, Street, Lane, PafTage or Place, and continue the fame fo flopped fo long as they (hall judge neceffaiy; and the faid Truftees, and all Perfons ading by or under their Direction as aforefaid, are hereby indemnified from any Profocution or Action whatfoever relpeding the fame.

LXVI. And be it further enabled. That it fhall be lawful for the faid Truftees from Time to Time to appoint fuch and fo many Paviors, Artificers, Workmen, Labourers, Carters and others, and alfo to purchafe fuch Horfes, Carts, Tools, and Implements as they fhall judge neceflary for the Purpofe of carrying this Ad into Execution.

LXVII. And be it further enabled, That it fhall be lawful for thefaid Truftees, and they are hereby required to nominate and appoint any Perfon or Perfons for the Pur poles of cleanfing the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Paffages and Places within the faid Town or Borough of Leominjler, and for carrying away the Duft, Dirt, Filth, Rubbilh, Cinders, or Afhes from any Floufe or Houfes, or other Premifes within the lame ; or it fhall be lawful for the faid Truftees to contract with any Perfon or Perfons for cleanfing the fame, and for carrying away the Duft, Dirt, Cinders, or Afhes from any Houfe or Houfes, or other Premifes within the fame.

LXV11I. And be it further enaded, That the Perfon or Perfons employed by or contradling with the faid Truftees for cleanfing the Streets, Lanes, publick Paffages and Places within the faid Town or Borough of Leominjier, or the Perfon or Perfons employed or ading under the Diredtion of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo contrading with the faid Truftees, fhall 4	once

48° GEORGII III. Caf.tt'S.	2879

once in every Week (that is to fay) on every Saturday, and alfo *>n fuch other Days, and at or between fuch Hours as the faid Truftees (hall from Time to Time appoint, fweep, and colled together all Dult, Dirt, Filth, or Rubbilh in fuch Streets, Lanes, publick Paffages and Places, and alfo lb all bring, or caufe to be brought, a Carr or other proper Carriage into fuch Streets, Lanes, publick Paffages and Places where fuch Cart or other Carriage can pafs, and fhall at his or their Approach with fuch Cart or ether Carriage, and not before, by Sound of Bell or otherwile, give Notice to the Inhabitants of his or their coming, and give the like Notice in every Court, Paffage, or Place into which fuch Cart or Carriage cannot pafs; and fuch Perfon or Perfons fo employed by or contending with the faid Truftees (ball immediately take the Duft, Dirt, Rubbifh, Cindtrs,

Afhes, and other Filth (except Filth from any Privy or Neceftary Houfc), from the refpedive Premifes in fuch feveral Streets, Lanes, publick Paffages and Places, and put the fame into fuch Cart or Carriage; all which Duft, Dirt, Rubbilh, Cinders, Alhes, and Filth (except as atore-faid), as well as all fuch Duft, Dirt, Dung, Alhes, and other Filth, as fhall be fwept up and colleded together as aforefaid, fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall then immediately, or as foon as may be, carry away, or caufe to be carried away to the Place or Places appointed for depofiting the fame, upon pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings for every Offence or Negied: therein; and the Perfon or Perfons fo employed or contrading as aforefaid, fhall caufe the Words Scavenger9s Cart to be painted in large Roman Letters on the Front or on fome other confpi--cuous Part of every Cart or Carriage ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, on pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings for every Negied therein.

LXIX. And be it further enaded. That if any Perfon or Perfons Fcrpreventing whomfoever fhall throw, call or lay, or caufe to be thrown, caft or laid, Perfons throw-any Duft, Dirt, Dung, Offal, Rubbifh, Afhes, or other Filth whatfo- the Street"'° ever, into or in any Street, Lane, or other publick Paffage ox P.ace within ' the faid Town or Borough of Leominjier (except as herein excepted), every Perfon fo offending fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings-, or if any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever Ihall thiow or caft any luch Duft, Dirt, Dung, Offal, Rubbifh,

Afhes, or other Filth or Thing whatfoever into any Sewer, Drain, Sink, or Watercourfe under the Diredion of the faid Truftees, within the faid Town or Borough, every fuch Perfon fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding T en Shiilings.

LXX. Provided always, and be it further enaded. That nothing herein penalty not to contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to fubjed any Perfon whomfoever to any Penalty by this Ad inflided for or on Account of any Din o< ca°.r .Rubbifh or Dirt being laid or placed in fuch Street, Lane, publick Paffage JLned »>y or Place as aforefaid, occafioned by the building, pulling down, altering, rfp\?nng°r or repairing his or her Houfe or other Building, fo as there be full and Houles, fufficient Space, in the Opinion of the laid Truftees, or their Surveyor for the Time being, left in or at the Side of the Street, Lane, publick Paffage or Place where fuch Rubbifh or Dirt fhall lie or be placed, for Cairiages to pafs and repafs, and a fufficient Way kept clear for Foot Paffengers by the Perfon or Perfons laying or caufing fuch Rubbilh or Dire to be hid or placed, and fo as a fufficient Light be at his, her, or

38So	48’ GEORGIl III. Cap. r49.

their own Expence fet and maintained at the Place where fuch Rubbifh or Dirt (hall be fo laid or placed, from Sunfet to Sunrife, to present any Hurt or Mifchief happening to Paffengers or Catde, and fo as the lame be inclofed and fenced about in fuch Manner and within, fuch Time as the faid Truftees (hall, by any Notice to be by their Order given to or left with luch Perfon or Perfons, direct and appoint, and fo as fuch Rubbilh or Dirt be removed at the Expence of the Perfon or Perfons fo laying or caufing the fame to be Lid, within a Time to be expreffed in a Notice to be in like Manner given by the faid Truftees.

Wo Perfon but LXXL And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon or Perfons ^removeIny whomfoever (other than the Perfon or Perfons employed by the f .d Dirt, Duft, Truftees for cleanling the fevtral Streets, Lanes, or other publick Paflages kc*	or Places within the laid Town, or the Perfon or Perfons fo contract .<g

as aforefaid) fliall take or carry away, or caufe to be taken or canied away, any Duft, Dirt, Dung, Afhes, or other Filth, out of any luch Streets, Lanes, or other publick Pafiages or Places as aforefaid, every fuch Perfon fo offending fhali for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Perfonatob® Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings: Provided alw ays, that nothing herein kecpoXpofc contained lhall extend or be conftrued to extend to prevent any Perfon or of Dull, kc Perfons from prelerving and keeping any Soil, Dirt, Duft, Dung, Ames, ©ft.thcU °Wn Cinders, Manure, Muck, Filth, or Rubbifh, which lhall have arifen or have been made within his, her, or their Houfes, Yards, or other Pre-mifes, or for making ufe of the fame for the Purpofe of manuring any Lands in his, her, or thrir Occupation, fb as luch Soil, Dirt, Duft, Cinders, Dung, Afhes, Manure, Muck, Filth, or Rubbifh, be not laid down or placed in any Street, Lane, publick PafTage or Place within the laid Town or Borough of Leominjler, for any longer Time than fhali be necel-fary for loading and carrying away the fame, nor be fuffered to remain fo as to be any Annoyance to any of the Inhabitants of the faid Town or Borough ; but in cafe any Perfon or Perfons referving fuch Soil, Dirt, Duft, Dung, Afhes, Cinders, Manure, Muck, Filth, or Rubbifh, (hall thereby annoy any of the faid Inhabitants, or lhall permit or fuffer the fame 10 remain in any luch Street, Lane, publick Paffage or Place tor any longer Time than Two Days before the lame fliall be carried away or removed, every fuch Perfon fo offending (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings for every Day fuch Annoyance fhali be fuffered to remain after the Time limited as aforefaid.

Direction for LXXII. And be it further enaded, That the refpe&ive Occupiers of ♦weepingFoot Houfes or other Buildings in the leveral Streets, Lanes, publick Pafiages at's’	and Places within the faid Town or Borough of Leominjicr, fliall and they

are hereby required to caufe to be well and fufiickntly cleanfed and fwept the Foot Ways or Foot Pavements before, behind, and at the Sides of their refpe&ive Houfes or 01 her Buiklings (as the Situation thereof fhali require), and alfo fo much of the Carriage Way as fliall extend One Foot beyond the Channel or Gutter next to fuch Foot Paths or Ways, at fuch Days and Times, and before fuch Hour.', as the faid Truftees fhali from Time to Tin e appoint, upon pain of forfeiting and paying tor every Negled therein any Sum not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence.

Time of emp- LXX1U. And be it further enadted. That if any Perfon fhali empty

j£ySHNou“!f »»y Ncceffary H. ufe, or carry any Night Soil along any Street, Lane, or directed.	-	Y\ ..	",	.	.	. Other

283i

48° GEORGII III. Cap, 148.

other publick P;ffige or Place within the faid Town or Borough of Leominjler, before the Hour of Eleven of ihe Clock at Night in any Parc of the Year, or after the Hour of Four in the Morning between Lady Day and Michaelmas Day, or after the Hour of 3ix in the Morning between Michaelmas Day and Lady Dayt or put or caffc any Night Soil in or near any of the kid Streets, Lanes, or other publick Paft'ages and Places, every Perfon io offending (hall for every fuch Offence foricit and pay any Sum noc exceeding Twenty Shillings.

LXXIV. And be it further enabled, That if any Perfon (hall, without the previous Confcnt in Writing of the Lid Truftces, make or branch without uhc any Drain into any publick Sewer or Drain under the Management or e xtent ct the Direction of the faid Truftees, every fuch Perfon fo offending {hall for J every fuch Sewer or Drain forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenry then- Leave to Shillings, and all private Sewers or Drains now made, or which (hall [hei/orrfer. * hereafter with the Confent of the faid Truftees be made, within any Street, Lane, publick Paflage or Place within the faid Town or Borough of Lecmivjler, and which do or (hall iffue into any publick Sewer or Drain under the Management or Direction of the faid Truftees, (hall be repaired and cleanfed, under the Direction of the Surveyor or other proper Officer of the faid Truftees, at the Cofts and Charges of the Owner or the refpedive Owners of the Houfes, Lands, or Tenements to which fuch private Sewer or Drain doth or fhall belong, fuch Cofts and Charges to be afeertained and fettled, in cafe of Difpute, by fome Juftice of the Peace for the faid Town or Borough of Leminder, which (hail, on Nonpayment thereof on Demand, be levied and recovered by Warrant of fuch Juftice by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Occupier or refpedive Occupiers of thePremifes; and all fuch Occupiers, their Executors and Adminiftrators, are hereby empowered to deduct and retain out of their refpective Rents fuch Cofts and Charges as they re-Jpedlively fhall pay for or on Behalf of the Owner or refpe&ive Owners of fuch Premifcs refpe&ively; which Cofts and Charges fo paid (ball be confidercd as Money actually paid for Rent due or to become due to fuch Owner or refpedive Owners, who (ball allow the Deduftion upon the Receipt of the Remainder of his, her, or their Rent or refpe&ive Rents.

LXXV. And be it further enacted. That it (ball be lawful for the faid Provjfion fot Truftees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time t<? sa-elts8 Time, and at any Time or Times hereafter, to purchafe and provide, or caufe to be purchafed and provided, fuch and fo many Glafs Lamps of fu.ch Sorts and Sizes, and alfo fuch and fo many Lamp Lons and Lamp P.ofts as they fhall judge necefiary, and to dired the fame to be affixed or fet up, upon or againft the Walls or Pah fades of all or any of the fever ai Houles or Buildings, or upon or againft any other Walls, or in or upon -inch other Places within the faid Town or Borough, and to be altered, taken down, or renewed in fuch Manner as they (ball think fit, and to caufe fuch Lamps, or any cf them, to be lighted at all Times of the Year, or at fuch Sealons of the Year, on- fuch Evenings and ac fuch Hours of the Evening, and to be kept burning for fo many Hours as fhall to them feem neceflary and proper for the well and fufficiently lighting of all or any of the faid Streets, Lanes, publick Paifages and Places within the faid Town or Borough.

[Lee. & fV.]	32	H

LXXV I. And

a 882

Pe a’»y for w 1 ul:> da. maging of

Satisfaction for accident

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. is,8.

LXXVI. And be it further enaded, That if any Per fori or Perfons fhall wilfully break, throw down, di (place, or damage any Lamp or Lamps already fet up, or that (ball be let up by virtue of this Ad by order of the (aid Truftees, or by any Perfon or Perfons at his, her, or their own Expence, for the Purpofe of lighting any ct the (aid Streets, Lanes, publick Paffages or Places, or (hall wilfully exiinguifh the Light or Lights within the fame, or fliall throw down or damage the Polls, Irons, Covers, or other Furniture of any fuch Lamp, it (hall be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, who (hall fee any fuch Offence committed, ro feize, and alfo for any other Perfon or Pei Ions whomfoever to aflift in feizing the Offender or Offenders, and by the Authority of this Ad, and without any Warrant or other Authority, to convey and deliver him, her, or them, into the Cuftcdy of a Watchman or Peace Officer, in order to be fecured and conveyed before iome Joffice of the Peace for the faid Town or Borough of Leomirjler or County of'Hereford', and fuch Juftice (hall proceed to examine, upon Oath, any Wit-nefs or Witneffes who (hall appear or be produced to gtve Information or Evidence touching (uch Offence; and if the Party or Patties accufed fhall be convided either by his, her, or t heir Confcffion, or upon fuch Information or Evidence as aforefaid, then and in every Inch Cafe he, flie, and they fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, and fliall moreover pay fuch Sum or Sums of Money as (hall be deemed by fuch Juftice to be a full Sathfadion for the Damage fo by him, her, or them done as aforefaid; and in cafe fuch Offender or Offenders (hall not on Convidion pay fuch Forfeiture, and alio fuch Satisfadion as atorefaid, (uch Juftice is hereby required to commit him, her, or them to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Conedion of and for the faid Town or Borough or County, there to be kept ro hard Labour for any Space of Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months j and fuch Offender or Offenders fliall not bedifeharged before the Expiration of the Time for which he, (he, or they fhall be io committed, unlefs fuch Forfeiture and Satisfadion fliall be fooner paid and given.

LXXVII. And be it further enaded, That in cafe any Perfon or Per-al fons fliall carelefsly, negligently, or accidentally break, throw down, or damage any Lamp or Lamps hung out or fet up by Order of the faid Truftees, or by any Perfon or Perfons at his, her, or their private Expence, or the Ports, Irons, Covers, or other Furniture thereof, and (hall not immediately upon Demand make Satisfadion for the Damage done thereto, then and in every fuch Cafe it (hall be lawful for any juftice of the Peace for the faid Town or Borough or County of Hereford, upon C mplaint to him made by One or more credible Witnels or Witneffes to fummon before him the Party or Parties who fhall be complained of for fo doing fuch Damage as aforefaid •, and upon hearing the Allegation and Proof on both Sides, or on Non-appearance of the Party of Parties fo complained of, to award fuch Sum or Sums of Money by Way of Satisfadion to the faid Truflees, or to the ether Owner or Owners of fuch Lamp or Lamps (as the Cafe fliall be) for fuch Damages, as fuch Juftice fhall think reafonable; and in cafe of Ni-gled or Rtfoial to pay any Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded within Ten Days after Demand it fhall be lawful for fuch Juftice, and he is hereby required to caufe the fame to be raffed and levied in fuch and the like Manner as any Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures are by this Ad direded to be raifed and levied. *

LXXVIII. And

48° GEORGII in. Cap. 148.	28%

LXXVIll. And be it further enabled, That the faid Truftees (ball Atid pcwerfor may, if they think fit, from Time to Time appoint fuch Nuirtoer of	to

abir-boditd Men as they fhall judge proper to be employed as Watchmen Watchmen, within the faid Town or Borough during the Nighc-tim?, under fuch Regulations and lubjeCt to fuch Orders and Directions as the faid Truftees (hall make and give from Time to Time in that Btrhaif, rnd to provide proper Watch Houfes, Watch Boxes, or Places for the Reception of fuch Watchmen, and for fafe Cuftody of fuch Perfons a3 may bC appro hended by fuch Watchmen, while on Duty, and to pay fuch Watchmen reafonable Wages or Allowances, and alfo to appoint One or mote fit Perlon or Perfons in the Stead of any Watchman or Watchmen who dial I die, or who (hall be difeharged from his or their Office for Negledt cf Duty, or other Milbehaviour in Office ; and alfo to iinpofe from Time to Time any Fine, not exceeding Ten Shillings, on any Watchman or Watchmen for every fuch NegleCt of Duty or other Milbehaviour (fuch Fine to be deduced out of the Wages of fuch Watchman or Watchmen), and from Time to Time to make fuch Orders and Regulations as they the (aid Truftees (hall judge expedient for the better Government of the Watchmen to be fo appointed, and to repeal fuch Orders and Regulation?;, or any of them, and to fubftitute others; and it (hail be lawful for fuch Watchmen, and ihey are hereby required in their re-fpe Clive Stations, to apprehend and fecure in fume proper Place or Places of Security, to be for that Purpofe provided or appointed within the faid Town or Borough, all MalefaClors, Rogues, Vagabonds, and Difturbers of the publick Peace, and ad (ufptclcd Perfons who fhall be found wandering or mifbehaving themfelves during the Hours of keeping Watch, and to conduft all fuch Perfons, as foon as conveniently may oe, before fome Juftice of the Peace for the faid Town or Borough or for the faid County, to be examined and dealt with according to Lav/.

LXXIX. And be ic further enacted, That if any Victualler or Keeper Penalty on of any Publick Houle (hall knowingly harbour or entertain, or fuffer to ^bounnS remain in his or her Publick Houfe, any fuch Watchman as atorefaid, dur- w;nc!2 ing any Part of the Time appointed for his being on Duty, every fuch jyhileou Victualler or Keeper (hall on Conviction forfeit and pay for the Firlt Jty‘ Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings; an I for the Second and every other Offence of the fame Kind, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings,

LXXX. And be ic further enaCted, That it ffial! be lawful for the faid Power tore-Truftees to give fuch Rewards in Money to the Watchmen relpeCtively watchmen** to be appointed as aforefaid, who may be difabled or wounded in the Execution of their Office, as the faid Truftees fhall think realonable, fuch Money to be paid out of the Monies to be railed for the Purpofcs of this ACt.

LXXX I. And be it further enaCted, That the Occupier of every occupier- of Houfe, Building, or Tenement within the faid Town or Borou&h, (hall, ^°",estotake and he and (he is hereby required, at his or her own Cods andCharges’ within Fourteen Days after Nonce in Writing, figned by any Five or more of the faid Truftees, delivered to fuch Occupier, or left at his or her ufusl or laft Place of Abode, to caufe all Pofts which the faid Truftees (hail think ufeiefs or inconvenient, and likewife all Steps, Iron, or other Rails,

Palifades,

2884

On Neglect, Trufbcs to take down Signs, &c.

Penalty on Perfons leaving open

Trufieei may allow tlie Expellees of Alterations.

■fo prevent

Accidents by ffire,

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 148.

Palifades, Pillars, Walls, or Fences projecting over or upon the Foot Paths within any of the laid Streets, Lanes, or other publick Paflages or Places to be taken down, removed, or altered, and a!fo all Windows, Hatches, and Doors opening and leading over, upon, or from the faid Foot Paths into Vaults, Cellars, Entries, or under Kitchens, to be removed or altered, fo that the feme may not be dangerous or incommodious to Pafiengers; and all Signs, or other Emblems ufed to denote the Trade, Occupation, or Calling of any fuch Occupier; and all Sign Ports, Sign Irons, Penthoufes, Porches, Sheds, Shew Glades, and Shew Boards, Watering Tubs, Troughs, Pumps, and Stalls projecting into any of the faid Streets, Lanes, publick PafTages and Places, to be taken dov\n and removed; and in cafe any fuch Occupier fhall neglect or refufe fo to do, it (hall be lawful for the laid Truftees, and they are hereby required to cauie the fame to be taken down, removed, carried away, altered, or reformed in fuch Manner as they fhail think proper, and to caufe fuch Signs or other Emblems, or fuch Part or Parts thereof as they may think proper, to be affixed or placed in the Fronts of the Houles, Shops, Warc-houfes, or Buildings whereto they belong or were before affixed, and not otherwife, and fhall return to the Owner thereof lb much and fuch Part or Parts of the faid Signs or other Emblem Sign Ports, Sign Irons, and Shew Boards, and of the Materials of the faid Penthoufes, Sheds, and other Things fo taken down, removed, carried away, altered, or reformed, as (hall not otherwife have been made ufe of; and the Coils, Charges, and Expences incurred thereby, fhall be paid out of the Money to arife by virtue of this Aft, in cafe of Non-payment thereof, and fhall and may be recovered of the Occupier of fuch Houle, Building, or Tenement, by Dirtrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Occupier fo refufing or neglecting to pay the fame; and if any Cellar Window', Cellar Door, or under Entry, or Kitchen fhall be left open after Sunlec in any Evening, or be opened before Sun-rifing in the Morning without being fufficiently lighted to prevent Accidents happening therefrom, then and in every fuch Cafe the Occupier of fuch Cellar, Vault, under Entry, or Kitchen, ffiall for every fuch Offence foifeic and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings.

LXXXIL Provided always, and be it further enafted, That the faid Truftees fhall and they are hereby, authorized and empowered, upor* Application made to them for that Purpofe by the Owner or Occupier of any Houfe or other Building, to allow and pay to fuch Owner or Occupier, out of the Money arjfing by virtue of this Aft, fuch-Sum or Sums of Money towards the Expence which may have been incurred by fuch Owner or Occupier by the taking down, removing, or altering any fuch Ports, Steps, Iron or other Rails, Palifades, Walls, Fences, Windows, Hatches, and Doors, Signs or Sign Ports, Sign Irons, Penthoufes, Porches, Sheds, Show Glaffes, and Shew Boards, Watering Tubs, Troughs, Pumps, and Stalls, as the laid Truflees' (hall think reafonabltT or proper; provided that every fuch Alteration or Removal (hall have been made agreeably to the Orders and under the Directions of the laid Truftees.

LXXXIII. And, in order to prevent Accidents by Fire, and to encourage Perfons to affift in extinguifhing the fame, be it further enafted. That, from and after the parting of this Aft, the Owner or Occupiej of $	any

4-8° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 148.	2885

Any Houfe, Building, or Outhoufe in which any Chimney lhall at any Time or Times hereafter happen to be on fire, lhall pay to the Perfon or Perions who lhall bring and work the Firfl Engine, the Sum of Ten Shillings; fuch Money to be recovered in fuch Manner as any Penalties, or Forfeitures by this Ad impoi'ed are diieded to be recovered.

LXXXIV. And be it further enaded* That the Occupier of everyHoufe, Occupiers of Building, or Tenement in the faid Town or Borough, lhall and he or Ihe is hereby required, at his or her own Colts and Charges, within fuch and Gutters* Time and in iuch Manner as the faid Trultees lhall from Time to lime by Notice in Writing under their Hands, to be delivered to every fuch Occupier as aforefaid, or left at his or her ufual or laft Place of Abode, dired to take down, or caufe to be taken down, all Spouts and Gutters which now or hereafter lhall belong to fuch Houfe or Building in the faid Town or Borough, and to caufe the Water to be conveyed from the Roof or Roofs of or belonging to fuch Houfe, Building, or Tenement, by proper and fufficient Pipes or Trunks to be fixed to and down the Sides thereof, and carried under the Flag or other Pavement to the common Channel; and in cafe any fuch Perfon lhall negled or refufe fo to do, it lhall be lawful for the faid Trultees, and they are hereby required to caufe the fame to be done, and to levy and recover the Colts and Charges attending the fame upon or from the Perfons aforefaid, in like Manner as other Penalties or Forfeitures are by this Act authorized or direded to be levied and recovered; and every fuch Perfon, being Tenant at Rack Rent, may dedudt and retain the fame out of his or her Rent, and the Perfon entitled to fuch Premifes is hereby required to allow fuch Dedudion.

LXXXV. And be it further enaded. That if any Houfe or other To prevent Building in or near any Street, Lane, or other publick Pafiage or Place jccUonf/0" within the faid Town or Borough of Lecminjler, lhall, after the palling of this Ad, be made, ereded, or built in fuch Manner and Form as in the Front or in any of the Gables or Sides thereof, to projed into or over fuch Street, Lane, or other publick Pafiage or Place, or in any other Manner or Form than in a perpendicular Lins or Diredion upwards from the Foundation of fuch Houfe or Building; or if any Spout, Pip?, or Trunk for conveying Water from the Roofs, Eaves, or Cornices of any Houfe or other Building in any Street, Lane, or other publick Pafiage or Place in the faid Town or Borough, fliall be affixed otherwife than from the Roofs, Eaves, or Cornices thereof, by fuch Spoucs, Pipes, or Trunks in the Fronts or Sides of fuch Houfts or Buildings refpedively, and brought down to the Ground; or if any Sign, Sign Iron, Sign Poll, or other Poll, Shed, Pcmhoufe, Step, Stair, Bow Window, Window Shutter,

Stump, Tree, Rail, Pail, Palifade, Porch, Bulk, Shew Glafs, Shew Board, Pool, Cefipool, Ciltern, or Relervoir for Water, or any other Encroachment or Projedion againfl or in the Front or Outfide of any Houfe or other Building within or adjoining to any Street, Lane, publick Pafiage or Place within the faid Town or Borough, fliall be made, ereded, or built fo as to obftrud the free and commodious Palfage along any of the Carriage Ways or Foot Ways of the fame, then and in every fuch Cafe the Owner or Owners of every fuch Houfe or other Building, Sign, Sign Iron, Sign Poll, or other Poll, Shed, Peruhoufe, Step, Srair, Bow Window, Window Shutter, Stump, Tree, Rail, Pale, Palifade, Porch,

Bulk, Shew Glafs, Shew Board, Poo), Cefipool, Cittern, or Refervoir [LW. Es* Per.~\	32	/	for

2886

f r. reventing Annoyances in the Streets, &c-

48* GEORG 11 III. Cap. 1 +8.

for Water, or other Encroachment or Proje&ion which (halt be fo made, ere&ed, or built as aforefaid, or of every fuch Spour, Pipe, or Trunk which (hall be fo made or affixed otherwife than as aforelaid contrary to this Act, ffiall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings a Day for every Day fuch Houfe or other Building, S'gn, Sign Iron, Sign Poft, or other Poft, Shed, Penthoufe, Step, Stair, Bow Window, Window Shutter, Stump, Tree, Rail, Pale, Paiifade, Porch, Bulk, Shew Glafs, §hew Board, Pool, Ceffpool, Ciltern, or Re-ieryoir for Water, Spout, Pipe, or Trunk, or other Encroachment or Projection, fhall continue in fuch ftare as is herein provided againft ; and it ffiall be lawful for the faid Truftees (whether any of luch Penalties or Forfeitures ffiall be levied or not) to caufe all fuch Houfes and other Buildings, Signs, Sign Irons, Sign Polls, and other Pods, Sheds, Pent-heufes, Steps, Stairs, Bow Windows, Shutters, Stumps, Trees, Rails, Pales, Palilades, Porches, Bulks, Shew Glafles, Shew Boards, Pools, CelTpools, Ciflerns, and Refervoirs for Water, Spouts, Pipes, Trunks, and other Encroachments and Projections, or any of them, to be taken down and removed.

LXXXVI. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons ffiall, upon any of the Foot Ways or Foot Pavements to be made or repaired under the Powers and Provifions in this Aft contained, run, draw, drive, or carry any Trufk, Wheel-Sledge, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, Bier, or Carriage whatfoever, or roll any Cafk or Tub (other than for the neceffary Loading and Unloading thereof) into, upon, from, or out of any Carriage for any longer Space than the Extent of the Premifes in the Occupation of the Perfon from or to whofe Houfe or Building fuch Cafk or Tub ffiall be rolled (fuch Premifes adjoining to or having immediate Communication wirh the Houfe or Building from or to which fuch Cafk or Tub ffiall be rolled); or if any Perfon ffiall wilfully ride, lead, or drive any Horfe or other Beaft, or any Cattle whatloevtr, on any ot the faid Foot Ways or Foot Puvemenrs, or fet any Calk, Tub, Pail, Bucket, Stool, Bench, or any other Matter or Thing, on or fo as in any Manner to caufe any Obftruftion or Impediment in the Foot Way or on the Foot Pavement; or ffiall in any Street, Lane, or other pnblick Paffage or Place within the faid Town or Borough, or in the Church Yard, hoop, fire, cleanfe, waffi or feald any Cafk or Tub, or hew, faw, or cut any Stone, Wood, or Timber, or bore any Timber, or make or repair any Coach, Chaife, Waggon, Sledge, or other Carriage (except fuch Carriages as may want immediate Repair arifing from any fudden Accident on the Spot, or which cannot be conveniently removed for that Purpofe); or if any Perfon ffiall in any Street, Lane, or other publick Paffage or Place within the faid Town or Borough, ffioe, bleed, or farry any Horfe or other Beaft or Cattle (except in Cafes of Accidents) ; or if any Perfon ffiall in any of the laid Streets, Lanes, or other publick Paffagts or Places within the faid Town or Borough, make, or aflift in the making of any Bor fire, or any Fire for firing Calks or Veffels, or let off or fire any Serpent or Rocker, or throw any Cracker, Squib, or other Firework; or if any Perfon ffiall Lift, throw, call or lay any Affies (except in Time of Froft, and then only to prevent Accidents), or any Duft, Dung, Soil, Filth, Rubbiffi, Refute of Garden Stuff, Blood, Offal, Skins, Carrion* or any other offenfive Matter or Thing in any of the Streets, Lanes publick Faffages or Places within the faid Town or Borough j or ffiali

kill

2887

4$* GEORGII III. Cop.t$.

kii] or (laughter or (hall fcald, finge, drefs, or cut up any Animal either wholly or in part, or walh any Skins in any of ftich Streets, Lanes* pubiick Paffeges or Places, or caufe or permit any Blood to run from any Slaughter Houfe, Butchers Shop or Shamble, into the fame or any of them; or (hall hang up, place, or expofe to Sale any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatfoever, or any Fruit, Vegetables, or Garden Stuff,

Butchers Meat, or other Matter or Thing on or projecting over the Foot Way or Carriage Ways of any fuch Streets, Lanes, pubiick Paffages or Places, fo as to obftruft or incommode the Paifage of any Perfon or Carriage therein ; or (hall wadi or iinmerfe the Skin of any Animal, or (hall throw any dead Animal or any put rid Flefh, Blood, Offal, Carrion, Soil, or Filth into the Rivers or Waters within the faid Town or Borough, or otherwife caufe any Nuifance therein, or (hall commit any other Kind of Obftru&ion or Annoyance in any fuch Street, Lane, pubiick Paffage or Place within the faid Town or Borough, then and in every fuch Cafe every Perfon fo offending (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LXXXVII. And be it further enafted, That if any Horfe, Cow, or Power to im any other Bead, or any Sort of Swine, (hull at any Time be found wan-dering about any of the Streets, Lanes, or other pubiick Paffages or thVstreett. Places within the faid Town or Borough, it fiiall be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons appointed by the faid Truftees, to feize and impound fuch Horfe, Cow, or other Beaft, or fuch Swine, in the Common Pound of the fa:d Town, or in fuch other Place as the faid Truftees (hall appoinr, and the fame there to detain until the Owner or Owners thereof (hall for every fuch Horfe, Cow, cr other Bead:, and for every fuch Head of Swine fo impounded, pay any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings to the Perfon impounding the fame, together with the reafonable Charges and Expences of impounding and keeping the fame; and in cafe the faid Sum, Charges, and Expences fnall not be paid within Five Days after fuch impounding, it (hall be lawful for the laid Truftees to fell or caufe the fame to be (old, and the Money arifing from luch Sale, after deducting the laid Sum and the Charges and Expences of impounding, keeping, and felling fuch Horfe, Cow, or other Beaft and Swine, (hall be paid on Demand to the Perfon whofe Ptoperty the Horfe, Cow, or other Beaft or Swine, fo fold (hall appear to have been.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enabled. That if any Perfon or Perfon^ Penalty on (hall at any Time (laughter, burn, or finge, in any Street, Lane, pubiick Paffage or Place within the faid Town or Borough, or drive for’the Pur- Cartleon5 pofe of flaughieri.ig, in any fuch Street, Line, pubiick Paffage or Place Sunclay> &e< any Cow, Ox, Sheep, Swine, or other Beaft or Beads, on a Sunday, Good Friday, or Chriflmas Day, every Perfon fo offending (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

LXXXIX. And be it further ena&ed. That if any Carr, Wagoon, For prevent* Sledge, Dray, or other Carriage ufed for the Purpofe of conveying or cSrSes ^ carrying Goods, M r:handizj, or ocher Materials or Things whatfoever hein^feTt in

(hall at any 1 ime be left or fuffer.d to (tand or continue in any Street ti,e S'.retts, Lane, pubiick Paffage or Place in the faid Town or Borough, for any longer Time than (hall be needfary for the Loading and (Jnloadiro1 thereof, or (hall be let or placed athwart or acrofs any Part of fuch

Street^

2888

4-8* GEORG 11 III. Cty.f4.8-

Streer, Lane, publielc PaiTage or Place aforefaid (although for the Pvt-pofe.cf Loading or LTnIoading the fame), 10 as that there fliall not be i'ufficient Room left for another Carriage to pafs; or if any Timber or Stone, or other Thing whatsoever be drawn in any fuch Streer, Lane, publick PaiTage cr Place, without the fame being placed on a Sledge or Carnage for that Purpofe; or if any Timber or Iron, Lead, B<icks, Stones^ Lime, Moriar, pay, Straw, Wood, Faggots, Coals, Boards, Tubs, Calks, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Materials or Things, Rub-biih, Duft, Dirr, Dung, Filth, or other Nuifance or Annoyance whatfo-cvrr, (hall be fo thrown, laid, placed, or left ir. any fuch Street, Lane, publ ck PaiTage or Place as aforefaid (except in building, taking down, adding to, altering or repairing any Houfe or Building, or for any of the Purpofes authorized or required to be done by virtue or in purfuance of this Aft, in which Cafes the fame (hall; if the laid Truftees fliall think proper and direft, be fenced and inclofed in the Manner herein-before exprefled), and the fame (except as laft aforefaid) fliall be fuffered to remain for a longer Space of Time than fliall be nectffary for the hoofing cr removing thereof, then and in every fuch Cafe the Owner of any fuch Timber, Lon, Lead, Bricks, Stones, Lime, Mortar, Hay, Straw, Faggots, Coals, Boards, Tubs, Calks, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Materials or Things, Dirt or Rubbifh as aforefaid, or the Perfon or Perfons caufing fuch Annoyance as aforefaid, (hall for tvery fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum net exceeding Five Shillings.

For Re riovrl XC. Ar.d be it further enafted, That in cafe any Slaughter Houfe, of Nuitances. jj0g Srye> Necelfary Houfe, or other noifome or offenfive Building or Place whatfoever, in or near any of the Streets, Lanes, publick Palfages or Places within the faid Town or Borough of Leominfter, dial! by the Paid Truftees be deemed a Nuifance to any of the Inhabitants thereof or Perfons refiding therein, it fhall be lawful for the faid Truftees, upon Complaint thereof to them made by any fuch Inhabitant or other Perfon or Perfons, by Notice in Writing under the Hands of the faid Truftees, or under the Hand of their Clerk for the Time being, to Older any fuch Nuifance or Offence to be removed; and in cafe the fame fliall not be removed within Seven Days next after fuch Notice given to the Perfon or Perfons who ought to remove the fame, or left at his, her, or their laft or ufual Place of Abode, fuch Perfon or Perfons fliall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings daily for tvery Day that the fame (hall continue unremoved after the Expiration of the Time mentioned in fuch Notice.

Streets to be XCI. And be it further enafted. That it fliall be lawful for the faid watered. Truftees to caufe fuch of the faid Streers, Lanes, Palfages and Places, as they fhall think proper, to be from Time to Time watered, in fuch Manner and at fuch Seafons of the Year as they the faid Truftees (hall direft and appoint.

Sewers and XCII. And be it further enafted, That the faid Truftees may caufe fuch made!**b* and many nevv Sewcrs> Drains, Embankments,, and Vaults as they fhall think necelfary to be dug and made in, along,^cr acrofs any of the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Palfages, Yards, and Places within the faid Town or Borough, and alfo any of the Sewers, and publick Drains and Vaults which now are or hereafter fhall be within the laid Town or Boiough, to *	bs

2889

4&GEORGII III. Cap. 148.

be. enlarged, widened, railed, altered, removed, repaired, eleanfed, or fcoured, when and as often as to them the fai I Truftees (hall fec-m meet; and for any of the faid Purpofes, (hall from Time to Time caufe to be diig, catted, and carried out of or brought into the faid Stree s or Places, or any of them, fuch Gravel, Stones, Brick, and other Materials as they (tall judge neceflary i and allt> (hall and may caufe fuch and fo many Grates or Openings to be made therein for the conveying and carrying off" the tilth, foul and other Water, frcm the Houfes built or to be builc adjoinirig (hch Streets^ Lanes, pdblick P.iffages or Places in the laid Town of Borough of Liomlnjler, into the laid Sewers, publick Drains and Vaults, as the (aid Truftees (hall and may think neceffary and expedient for that Purpol’e j and it (hall be lawful for the faid Truftees to widen, alter, and improve, or caufe to be widened, altered, and improved, any Bridge or Bridges Within or near the faid Town or Borough, and to pur-chafe fo much and fuch Quantity of Ground as fhall be neceffary for any of the PUrpofes aforefaid ; ind the faid Truftees are hereby empowered to charge the feveral Owners of frlch Houfes or Buildings as now a-e or hereafter (hall or may be built adjoining to and making ufe of fuch Common Sewer or Sewers, with the Payment of ail fuch Sum or Sums of Money as fhall be by them the faid Truftees paid, laid out, and expended; in and about the making, enlarging, widening, railing, altering, removing, repairing, cleanflng. Or fcouring of fuch pubhek Drains or Sewers; and on Refufal or Non-payment of fuch Charges and Expences to theTreafurer for the Time being fo the faid Truftees, then upon Fourteen Days Notice in Wtiting being given to fuch Owners or Perfons as aforefaid, or left at their, his, or her laft or ufual Places or Place of Abode by their faid Clerk, fuch Charges and Expences fhall and may be recovered in fuch Manner as the Penalties at)d Forfeitures by this Act inflified are hereby directed to be recovered.

XCII1. And be it further enafled, That no Iron, Tin, Copper, or other Pipe or Funnel for conveying Smoke, (half at any Time be fixed, nor (hall anv Pipe or Funnel already fixed (fave and except thofe made of Buck and Stone, or both), be fuffered to remain next fo any publick Street, Court, Place, Lane or Way, on the Front or Side of any Houfe or Buif ling whatsoever wit’ in the faid Town cr Borough ; nor fhall any fuch Pipe or fun .el be fix-d, nor (hill any fuch already fixed (except as aforefaid), be luff.r- d to remain on the Infide of any fuch Houfe or other Builuing, nearer than Five Inches to any Timber or other combuftible Material whatfoever; nor (hall any Funnel built of Brick or Stone, or both, be placed on the Outfide of any Front of any Houfe, or any other Building whatloever, next to any publick Street, Court, Place, Lane, or Way in whith the lame fhall be erefled •, and if any fuch Pipe or Funnel fhall he ercdttd, fixed, or placed, or fuffered to remain contrary to the Directions of this Aft, then the fame fhall be deemed a common Nuifance, and the Owner thereof fhall and may be rtr-difitd and punilhed for erecting, fixing, and placing the fame, or for fuffenng the fame as aforefaid to remain, in like Manner as Perfons committing a general Nuifance at Common Law are liable to be punilhed and indifled by the Laws of this Realm; and moreover it lhall be lawful for any Two Juftices of the Peace for the faid County to caufe every fuch Pipe or Funnel to be forthwith abated, taken down, demolilhed, and deftroyed, and to award and order reafonable Cofts, Charges, and Lx-pences attending the fame, to be paid bv the Owner or Owners thereof [ler. Per.]	32	K	t0

No Funnel fcC

conveying Smoke to he fixe ti on the Oucfide ot the From of any Houie, fee.

2890

Names of Streets to be put up, and Houfes t>be numoercd.

Truftees may Money,

^orm of

Mortgage--

48* GEORGII HI. Cap. 148.

to the Phifon or Perfons authorized by fuch Juftices to abate, take dawn, demoliih, and deftroy the fame.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That the laid Truftees (hall and may caufe to be placed, on fome eonfpicuous Part of fome Houfe or Building at or near each End Corner or Entrance of the feveral Streets, Lancs, and other publick Pafiages and Places already or hereafter to be eredted or made within the Lid Town or Borough, the Name by which every fuch Street, Lane, Paftage, or Place ii ufually called or known or to be called or known; and (hall and may caufe every Houfe, Shop, Ware-houfe, or Building in the faid Streets, Lanes, and other publick Paffages and Places, to be marked and numbered, in fuch Manner as they fhall think molt proper fur diftinguifhing the fame; and if any Perfon or Perfons fhall Wilfully or mahcioufly pull down, injure, obliterate, or deface any fuch lnlcription or Number, or any Part thereof, or caule or procure the fame to be done, any fuch Perfon or Perfons fo offending li.ad for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings.

XCV. And, for the more effedtually enabling the faid Truftees to execute the Purpofes of this Adi, be it further enadled, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Truftees, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time, when they (hall judge neccffary, to borrow and take up at Intercft any Sum or Sums of Money upoD the Credit of the Lands and Rents to be veiled in the faid Truftees by virtue of this Adi, and by any Writing or Writings under their Hands and Seals to mortgage, detnile, grant, or aftign over the faid Lands and Rents, or any Part or Parts thereof, to the Perfon or Perfons who fhall advance or lend fuch Money, or his or their Trultee or Truftees, as a Security or Securities for the Money lb to be borrowed, together with Interdt for the fame; and every fuch Mortgage or Alignment fhall be in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to fay),

*	TJY virtue of an Adi paffed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of

*	-D King George the Third, SsV. [here jet forth the Title ef this AB~\,

4 we	Seven of the Truftees appouved by

4 virtue and in purfuance of the faid Adi, in Conlideration of the Sum 4 of	advanced	and	lent	by	A.	B.	upon the

4	Credit and for the Purpofes of the faid Adt, do granr, bargain,	fell,

4	and demife unto	the	faid A. B. his Executors, Adnunillrators,	and

4 Aftigns, fuch Proportion of the Lands and Rents granted or ariling by 4	virtue of the faid	Adi,	as the faid Sum of	doth or	lhall

4	bear to the whole	Sum	which may at any Time be borrowed, or become

*	due and owing, or charged upon the Credit- of the faid Adi, to be had

4 and holden from this	Day	of	in	the	Year

4	until the faid Sum of

4 with Intereft ar	per Centum per Annum far the fame, flull be

4 repaid and fatisfied.'

And all Perfons to whom fuch Mortgages or Alfignmencs (hall be made, or who (hail be entitled to the Money thereby lecured, lhall be, in proportion to the Sums therein rcfpc&ively mentioned, Creditors on the faid Lands and Rents equally one with another, without any Preference in refpedl to the Piiority of advancing.fuch Money or the Dales of any luch Mortgages or Affigumepts}.and.Ppp.es pPail Mortgages or Affignmem*

which

4-8^GJEORGII IH. Cap.ttf.	2891

which (hall be'made ift purfuance of this Aft, and Extra&s and Memorials Mortgages, of all Transfers thereof, (hall be entered in Books to be kept for that Pur- entered, pole by the Clerk to the faid Truftees, which Extrafts or Memorials (hall Ipecify and contain the Darts, Names of the Parries, and the Sums of Money thereby transferred, to which Books any Perfon interfiled (hall at all feafonable Time have Accefs, and (hall have free Liberty to infpeft the fame without Fee or Reward j and for the Entry of every fuch Transfer, the faid Clerk IhaJl be paid by the Perfon to whom fuch Transfer (lull be made the Sum of Five Shillings, and no mores and after fuch Entry made of any fuch Transfer, every fuch Transfer fo entered (hall entitle the Perfon to whom the fame (hall be made, and his, her, and their refpeftive Executors, Adminiftrators, and Affigns, to the Benefit of the Security thereby transferred.

XCVI. And be it further enafted, That all the Money to arife by or Application ol from the faid Lands and Rents by virtue of this Aft, and which may be the Mo1"*' borrowed on the Credit thereof refpeftively, (hall be paid to the Treafurer to the (aid Truftees, or to fuch Perfon or Perlons as they (hall appoint, and fhall be applied and dil'pofed of from Time to Time for and towards the defraying the Charges and Expences of widening,"improving, regulating, paving, repairing, cleanfing, lighting, and watching the Streets,

Lanes, and other publick Paffages and Places of and in the faid Town or Borough, and in carrying into Effeft the feveral Purpofes of this Aft in the Manner hereby direfted, and in paying and defraying all Expences which the faid Truftees and their Officers (hall neceffariiy be put unto in carrying this Aft into Execution, and in paying the Principal and Intereft of the Money to be borrowed on Mortgage as aforefaid, and for fuch other Ufes and Purpofes as are herein expreffed, and to and for no other Ufe,

Intent; or Purpofe whatfoever.

XCVII. And, for the Purpofe of widening and improving the faid Trufteesau-Streets, Lancs, Ways, Paftages, and pubiick Places within the laid Town or Borough of Lccmirjlcr, and opening Communications therewith, be it Buildings, arc. further enafted. That the laid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, 5“ wr'(?veen,il»<l ihall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at any streets' * Meeting to be holden under or by virtue of this Aft, to treat, contraft, and agree for and purchafe from the Owners, Proprietors, and Occupiers of and all other Perions interelled in the leveral Dwelling Houles, Buildings, and Grounds mentioned and fpecified in the Schedule hereunto annexed, or fo much or futh Parrs thereof as they the faid Truftees ihall judge neceffary to be purchafcd for effecting the Purpofes of this Aft, at luch Sum or Sums of Money or Price as Ihall be agreed upon; and to caufe fuch Dwelling Houles, Buildings, and Tenements, or fo much thereof as they ftiali judge neceffary, to be taken down, and the Scite thereof and the Grounds to be fo purchafed, to be appropriated in fuch Manner and to fuch Ufes as will in the Judgement of the faid Truftees bell anfwcr the Purpofe and Defign of this Aft; and for effefting the Ends atorefaid, it (hall and may be lawful for all Bodies Politick or Corporate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Truftees and Feoffees in Truft,

Guardians, Committees for Lunaticks or Idiots, Executors, Adminiftra-tors, and all other Truftees, i.ot only fur and on Behalf of themfelves, their Heirs and Succcffurs, but all'o for and on Behalf of their Celluique Truft?, whetlitr Infants or Elbe unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, Femes Covert,

of

4»s* GEORflit am wap.^8.

or miterPeJcW or PerfoSs whoirnfoom j amt to and tor alt and every

Period or Perfins wh'ottlfoever who are or (hall be feifedy poffeffed ofj interefted in, or entitled to any of the faid Dwelling Boufei Of* other Buildings ana Grounds, t8 treat, comrabfy and agree withy and abfolutely convey, affigr/, or for render to the faid Truftees, or airy Seven or more of them, or to fach Perfch or Perfons a* thejr, or any Seven or imfre Of then* lhall appoint, all or any fitch Dwelling Houfes or other Buddings and Grounds, or any Part-thereof, or any Eftate, Term of Y ars, or other Iitereft-therein; and thacatl fiicfi Contracts, Agreefnerftsy SaleL and Conveyance^ which fhall be fo made, fhall be good and valid in L w ro all I,Kents and Purpoles to convey the faid Premifes, and the Right; Title, P optrty, Claim, and Demand whatsoever of fuch Perfon or Perfons of, in, and to the fame, any Law, Statute, Ulage, qr anyi othe' Matter or Thing whatever to the contrary thereof in anywife not-\vi hlUndihg •, and all Bodies Politick or Corporate, Corporations Aggfe-gfcte or S le, Truftees and feoffees in Truft, Executors, Adminiftritors* Guardians, and other Truftees, and all other Perfons, fhall be and are hereoy indemnified for what they lhall do therein by virtue or in purfu-ance of this Ad.

if PeiTont re- XCVIII. Provided always, and be it farther enabled, That if any fuch traflta»C|0n P^fon or Petf >ns, Bodies Politick or Corporate, Corporations Aggregate Ajree with or Sole, Truftees, Feoffees, Guardians, Committees, Executors, Admi-niftraiors, or any other Perfon or Perfons anywife irtrerefted in fuch afemainad by Dwelling Houfes or other Buildings and Grounds as afore faid, upon 3 jwy* Notice to them givrn or left in Writing at the Dwelling Houfe or Houfes or Place or Places of Abode of fuch Per Ion or Perfons, or of the Principal or Head Officer or Officers of fuch Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Corporations, or at the Houle of the Tenant in Pofftffion of the Dwelling Houfes or other Buildings and Grounds intended to be pur-chafed and taken down as aforefaid, ffiall, for the Space of Thirty Days after fuch Notice given or left as aforefaid, negled or refufe to treat, or fhall not agree in the Premifes, or by reafon of Aufence (hall be prevented from treating, then and in eveiy fuch Cafe the faid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, fhall caufe the Value of and Recompence to be made for fuch Dwelling Houles or other Buildings and Grounds, to be enquired into tnd afeertamed by a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the Lid County ol Hereford; and for the fummoning and returning fuch Jury; the faid Tnfters, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby em-p • e ed from Time to Time to iffue out their Warrant or Warrants to the Snenff f the (aid County, thereby commanding and requiring him to empanncl, fummon, and return an indifferent Jury of 1 venty-four P r'om qualifie : o i'erve upon Juries at Affizes, to appear before the faid Truftees, or any Seven or muie of them, at fuch Time and Place as in fu- 1 Wa rmt or Warrants lhall be appointed ; and the faid Sheriff, or his Teuu v < r Deputies i and are hereby required toempannel, fummon, and re in (uch Number accordingly to attend at the Time and Place fo ap-po nt d , ano our ot the Perfons lo empannelled, fummoned, and returned, or oii of fuch ot Lem as lhall appear upon fuch Summons, the laid Truftees, or anv Seven or more of them, are hereby empowered to fwear Twelve to be the Ju y tor the Purpoles aforefaid; and in Default of a fufficient Number of Jurymen, the l id Sheiiff, or his Deputy or Deputies, fhall return other hone# and indifferent Men of the Slanders by, or that can 5	be

48° G^ORGII III. Cap. 148.	3893

be fpeecMv procured to attend the Service, to the N mhcr or Twelve-;	be

and all Perfons concerned lhall Have their Challenges agaiiift any of L!ia“ 1,&c the faid Jurymen; and the fuid Truftees or any Two or more of them are alfo heieby required and empowered from Time to -Time, as Oeca-f:on (hall be or require, to fummon and call before the faid Jury and examine upon Oath (which Oaih the I rid Truftees or any One or 0n Oath- ' more of them is and are hereby empowered to adminfter) all and every Pcjfon and Pei funs whomfoever who fl:ali be thought neceffary or proper to be examined as a Wirnefe orWrtmffes touching or concerning the Premifes; and they (hall alfa order and caufe the faid Jury to view the Places in queftion if there beOccalion, and ufe all lawful Ways and Means 2s well for their own as for the laid Jury’s better Information in the Pre-mi ft s, as the fiid Truftees or anv Seven or more of them thall think fit; and the faid Jury (hall a fiefs the Damages and Recompence to be given for the faid Dwelhng-hor.fes or other Buildings or Grounds, to the refpe&ive Owner or Owners thereof; according to their refpedive Interefts therein, and (hall give in their Verdict thereupon ; and after the faid Jury lhall have enquired of and afiefied fuch Damage and given in their Verdibt, the faid Truftees or any Seven or more at them fhali (hereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money fo afieffed by the faid Jury to be paid to the Perlbn or Ptrfons interefted in the faid Dwelling-houfes or other Buildings and Grounds, according to fuch Verdift or v ^ Inquifttipn ot the faid Jury; which laid Verdid or Inqu.ficion, and the befiaalf^ Judgement, Order, or Determination thereupon fo had and made, (hall be final, binding, and conclufive to all Intents and Purpofes againft all Infants, Blue unborn, Idiots, Lunatics, Femes Covtrt, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Corporations Aggregate cr Sole, Truftees, Feoffees, Guardians, Commiturec, as well abfent as prefent, claiming in Poffcfllon,

Revtrfion, Remainder, o.- Expeffancy or otherwife howfoever, and againft their Jeveral and refpective H:iis, Succeffers, Executors, or Ad-nirniftrator?, and againft ill other Perlon and Perfons whomfoever; and every Verdict ami Judgement thereupon (hall be fairly entered and kept and recorded, amonglt the Records of the Quarter Seflions of the Peace for the faid County of Hereford, and the fame or true Copies thereof (hail be admitted, received, and taken as Evidence and Proof in all Courts of Law and Equity and all Places whatfoever, and that all Perfons (hall have Reccurfe to tham grads, and may take Copies thereof, paying Sixpence for every One hundred Words, and foin proportion for any lefs Number of Words-, and the faid Truftees or any Seven or more of them acting Truftee8hia in the Premile:, (hall have Power from Time to Time to impole any ir/poira1??^* rcafbnable Fine or Fines on fuch Sheriff or his Deputy, Bailiffs or Agents, on the s enff making Default in the Premifes and on any of the Perfons who (hall Defa^fum£ be iummoned and returned'on fuch Jury, and (hall not appear, or who (hall refufe to be fwern on the faid Jury, or being fofworn (hall refufe to give or (hall not join in giving their Verdift, or (hall in any other Manner wilfully negleft his Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this A£t ; and on any Perlbn or Perfons who being fummoned to give Evidence before the faid Jury touching the Premifes, lhall refufe or negleff to appear, or appearing (hall refufe to be (worn and give Evidence; fo as no fuch Fine to be impofed on any Sheriff or his ’Deputy, Bailiff nr Agent, fnall exceed the Sum ofOne hundred Pounds; ror ftull any Fine to be impeded on any Juryman or Witnefs exceed ihe Sum cf Twertv Pounds for Gli-vir Offerer.

289+	4^”	GEORGII III. £*>’.148.

No inhabitant XCIX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enafted, That juried* °n tfo Inhabitant of the faid Town or Borough of Ltominjler, or any other Perfon bevng a Proprietor of Eftates therein, /hall be capable of fer.ving on the laid Jury.

If jury give C. And be it further enacted, That in cafe ary fuch jury (hall give in Ihanethe"sumS or deliver 3 Vcrdift for more Money as a RecompCnce or Satisfaction ten.'ereii, for fuch Damage*, than what fhal! have been offered or tendered by the Cofts*CSt°pay ^id Truftees or any Seven or more of them before the fummoning or returning luch Jury, then the Cofts and Expences of fummoning and maintaining the Lid Jury and Witneffes, fhail be borne and paid by the laid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, out of the Money arifing by virtue but if left, the £his Aft j but if any fuch Jury (hall give in and deliver a Verd ft for perf-u con- no more or for IcE Money as a Recompence or Satisfaction for fuch Damages than fhail have been offered or tendered by the faid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, before the fummonii'g or returning the faid Jury or Juries, then the Cofts and Expences of fummoning and maintaining the laid Jury and Witneffes, {hall be borne and paid by the Perfon or Perfons with whom the faid Truftees fhail, have had fuch Controverfy or Difpute, and fhail be recovered in the fame Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures are herein-afier direfted to be recove;ed.

OnPaynenrof Cl. And be it further enafted, Thar upon Payment of fuch Sum or ney,Cp*	Sums of Money fo to be awarded or adjudged, for the Purchafe or the

to oe con-	laid Premifes, or any Parc thereof, the Pcrlon or Perfons entitled thereto

veyed.	fhail make and execute, or procure to be made and executed, good, valid,

and legal Conveyances, A Arguments, and Affurances in the Law to the faid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, fhail appoint, of the faid Premifes, for which fuch Sum or Sums of Money fhal! have been fo awarded or adjudged; and fhail do all Afts, Matters, and Things mcefTry or requisite to make a good, clear, and perfect Tide thereto; and luch Conveyances, Alignments, and Affurances (hall contain .fuch re.ffonable and ufual Covenants as fhail on behalf of the faid Truftees be required.

Where pan of- CII. And be it further enafted. That where it (hall bethought ncceffary ftialfbe2 °enly thc Purpoi« of this Aft, that a Part of any Dwelling-houfe, Build-ceiTarytohe	ing, or Ground (hall be	purchafed for the Purpofes of this Aft, and

th^owme”’	l^e ®wn<T 01 ProPr>ecor	or Owners or Proprietors	of any fuch Dvvel-

flnl; Lom?el ling-houfe, Building, or Ground, fhail be minded and defirous to fell the rmftee.,10 and cifpofe of the whole of fuch Dwclling-houfe, Building, or Ground, whok.a C lhC and of fuch *VS> her, or their Mind or Defrn-, (lull give Notice in Writing to the Clerk or Treafurer	for the T ime being to be	appointed in pur-

fuance of this Aft, then	and in fuch Cafe the faid	Truftees fhail and

they are hereby required to purchafe the whole of fuch Dwelling-noufe, Building, and Ground, the Value thereof in cafe of Difference to be aftertained in Manner aferefaid.

Application of CHI. And be it further enafted, That if any Money lhall be agreed or MonTwhere awarcleii to be P4& ^or any Tands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pur. amounting61« c ha led, taken, or ufed by virtue of the Powers of this Acl, for the Purpoles thereof, which (hall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert,

5	Infant,



51 <e.

s

fits

Hriht

>> nuiii. At lid “J'iraie

:ta d for

Dimjgtj

wan"®

0rK

f^Kl Jury Ians with o;e, aid

worm

i Sam or it 01*! dikrao

V to i)c

Ms* a tm, 'Ml ;/fal Slirei, hit fit

conum

airaf

SJCE&J

. Bill* icr, ml I Od

lo/til iisttii Veiling a pul-all and ,.houie>

’ io ^

srd <>r ) PUr>

jr ^

ii(M

48" GEORQII III. Cap. 148.	2895

Infant, Lunatic, or Pc*rfon or Perfons under any Difability or Incapacity as herein mentioned, fuch Money (hall, in cafe the fame (hall amount to the Su m of, Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank Of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant Genera! of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trof-tecs for executing this A£t, to the Intent that fuch Money (hall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fumrnary Way by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Pur-chafe of the Land Tax, or towards the Difiharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrance thereof, as the faid Court (hall authorize to be paid, affc&ing the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affedting .other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (landing fettled therewith, to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents, or Purpofes; or where fuch Money fhall not be fc applied, then the fame (hall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe cf other Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which (hall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and uppn fuch and the like Ufes, Trufts,

Inrents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Mefiuages, Lands,

Tenements and Hereditaments, which (hall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid, flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement (hall be exilting, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until fuch Purchafe (hall be made, the faid Money (hall by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the faid Accountant-General in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Founds per Centum Confofidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the faid Bank Annuities fhall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities fhall, from Time to Time, be paid, by Order of the faid Court, to the Perfon or Perfons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, fo hereby directed to be purchafed in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

CIV. Provided always, and be it further enabled. That if any Money, if* under cool-fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- and exceeding ments, purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belong- *•** ing to any Corporation, or to any Perlon or Perfons under Difability or Incapacity as aforefaid, fhall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and fhall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments, fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians,

Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpedtive Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner htrein-before dire&ed ; or otherwife the Lme (hall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Truflees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Seven or

more

dX&ofo	48° GEORGII III.	Cap.	148*

more of the faid Truftees (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Wifoing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Paries).in order that fuch principal Money, and the Dividends arifing •thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, fo far as the-Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction 01 Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

if under aol. CV. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That where fuch Money, fo agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, fhsill be lefs than Twenty Pound , then and in all fuch Cafes the fan e fhail be applied to the UIt-of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hcre-d ran enis fo purchased, taken, or uled for the Puipofes of this AT, in fuch Manner as the faiu Truftees or any Seven or more of them, (hall, think fit; or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to-his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpe&ively.

in raf; of not CVI. And be it further enabled. That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons, Title"* °Ut *° vv^om any Sum or Sums (hall be awarded for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed by virtue of this Aif, fhail refuie to accept the fame, or lb all not be able to make a good Title to the Prenufes, to the Satisfaction of the faid Truftees, or in cafe iuch Perfon or Per Ions to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money fhail be lo awarded as aforelaid, cannot be found, or if the Per ion or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or difeovered, then and in every fuch Cafe it (ball and may be lawful to and for the faid TrulLes, to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded as aforelaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name ?nd with the Pciviey of the Accountant-General of the Court of Chancery to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties imeieftcd in the faid Lancs, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (dtferibing them), fubjeft to the Order, Contfoul, and Dilpofition of the faid Court of Chancery; which faid Court of Chancery on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part, thereof, by Motion or Petition, fhail be, and is hereby empowered in a. fummary Way cf Proceeding, or otherwife, as to the faid Couri fhail feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Diftribution thereof, cr Payment of the Dividends thereof, according toThe refpt&ive Eftate or Eftates, Title or Intereft, of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premiles as to the faid Court (hall Lem juft and reafenabie, and the Caftiier or Cafhicrs of the Bank of England, who (hall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and 2re hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hail pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as afore faid.

Where any CVII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, Thafwhere any Qiief-anf<ftouching ^on arifc touching l^e Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid the life \o into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Ac-Mo.ncy1.%bt bcunrant-Genera! of the C<-urt of Chancery, in purfuance of this Adi, pa.u, t e er ^ the Purchafe of any IMdToages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or

Hereditaments,

*»! |(,

* *fet.

wi.:( jj,

<a,Sst,

Gf Cia:.

Cit mu

fain, 'tint « mat of aid: a »s,or in i Many ic?el» Mts, k dffiijk ofMoaey fcfi*

jiffltlJ

lie ‘aid 110 lit mb

48s GEORG II III. Cap. 148.	2897

Hereditaments, or of any Eftafe, Right, or Iivereft in any MetTuages, Build- Pt5?flion ings, Land.;,Tenements, or Hercdi'a rents’, to be purchafed in purfuance of fl,au ,e entitled this Aft,orto any Bank Annuiti stobe purchafed with anyfuch Money,orto thereunto, the Dividends or I ter eft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Per (on 3 who fhall have been inPofleftion of fuch McfTuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of fuch Purrhafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Pei Tons, or under the Poffdlion of fuch Per-f'on or Perfons, flaal! be deemed and t?krn to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Meif.sages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch Poffdlion, until the contrary (hall be flaewn to the Satisfaction of t ,e faid Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Intei eft of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch M.mev, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annu!-ties, fhall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it fhall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Poffefiion was a wrongful P -fleffton, and that feme other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch "Mrfluages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intercft therein.

CVIII. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That where, by reafon The Court of of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons or Corporation, ord^rrelfon^ entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed at»'e Expen**-* under the Authority of this Aft, the Purchafe Money for the fame fhall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands Tenements or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes, in purfuance of this Aft, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchafes from Time to Time, to be made in purfuance of this Aft, or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Court fhall deem reafonable, to be paid by the faid Trustees, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Aft, who fhall from Time to Tune pay fuch Sums of Money, for fuch Purposes as the faid Court fhall direft.

iitiGO or Way tf to order io order og toik BtJWk-fs a w jlhiers Honey* i Sum whole

all fy

-(Jiff*

; AC-

iM

0&

CIX.' Aind be it further enafted, That every Mortgagee of any Mefluacres, Mort-ragteita Buildings, Lands and Hereditaments, which fhall be purchafed or convc/‘ acquired by the faid Truftees, or any of them, in purfuance of this Aft, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns re-fpeftively, on having Six Calendar Months Notice in Writing given to him, her, or them, from the faid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, or anv Perfuns -urhorized by them, or any Seven or mere of them, of paying off the Principal and Intercft Money which fhall be due on fuch Mortgages refpeftively, fhall, at the End of the laid Six Calendar Months after fuch Notice, on Payment or Tender of the Principal Money and Intereft which lhall be then due, convey and aflign his, her, and their refptftive Eflares and Interefts in and to the faid mortgaged PremilVs, to the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as. they fhall nominate and appoint in Truft for the Ufes and Purpofes of this Aft ; and if any fuch Mortgagee, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators, or Affigns, lhall refufe fo to do, thr-n all Intfreft on every fuch Mortgage, from the Expiration of the faid Six Calendar Months after fuch Notice, fhall ceale and determine.

[£k. & Per.]	3	CX. And

2?9*>	48® GEORGII III, Cap: 148.

Ra^k R5-*'? of	And	be	it	further	enacted,	That	in	cafe	the faid Truftees, or.my*

a ay iVe miles Seven or more of them, or any Perfon authorized by them, (ball, after yurchateti by any Meffuages, Buildings Lnnds, or Hereditaments fhall be purchafed to v.iveUi!p1i« ln p’irioance of this Act, give Six QalcncJar Months Notice in Writing Poii on to all or any of the Tenants at Rack Rent, or Occupiers of fuch s'i> mLjIcis M- ifuages, Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments, to quit or^ deliver up Notice,. th: i oii'effion tbereor, then every fuch Tenmt fhall, at the End of every Rich -Six Calendar Months, peaceably and quietly deliver and yield up the. Poffeffion of th: faid Premifes fo by him, her, or them refpe&svely held or occupied, whether upon Demile, Leafe, or otherwife, to the faid Truftees, or to the Perfo.n or Per Tons who (hall be appointed by them, or any Seven or more of them, to take Poffcflkm thereof ^ and all Leafes, .Demifes, or Agreements foi renting or holding the fame at Rack Rent, orotherwile theretofore made, fhall, from the End of the Six Calendar Months, be abfolutely void and of‘-none effect as againft the faid Truftees or any of them ; and if any Perlon or Perfons fo in PjfTcflion fhall refufe to give up fucii P chilli on at the Expiration of fuch Six Calendar Months after fuch Notice, it fliall and may be lawful for the Lid Truftees, or any Seven or moreot them, to Tflue their Precept or Precepts to the Conftables of the faid Town or Borough of Leominfier for the Time being, or to any or either of them, tocaule FofTefhon thereof to be delivered to fuch Perfon or Perfons who fhall be in fuch Precept or Precepts nominated to receive the fame; and the faid Cor.rtable and Conftables is and are hereby refpebtv ive-ly required to deliver PcfTefTion, according to fuch Precept or Precepts, of the Premifes therein mentioned, and to levy fuch Cofts as fhall arife by Means of the iRuing and executing of every fuch Preceptor Precepts, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any Ferfon orPerlons who fhall have refuftd to give up Pcfiefiion as afortfaid, and lhali refufe and neglect to psy fuch Cofts.

Truftees cm- CXI. And w hereas by reafon of the Purchafes which the faid Truftees yo-A-e e.! loitil are hereby empowered to make, they may happen to be peflefled of Tome waijtvd?1 P^ce or Pieces of Ground over and above what may be neceffiry for eftefting the Improvements hereby directed to be made, or for other the Purpofes of this Act; be it further enabled, That it fhall be lawful for the faid Tufieea, or any Seven or more of them, to fell and dipole of fuch Piece or Pieces of Ground either together or in Parcels, as they fhall find moft advantageous and convenient, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall be willing to contract for and purchafe the fame ; but in every fuch Cafe the Perfon or Perlbns from whom the faid Truftees {lull have bought the fame, fliall have the Fir ft Offer of repurchafmg fuch Ground ; and in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall be defirous of re-purchafing the fame, and he, the, or they and the faid Truftees fliall differ or not agree with refpect to the Price thereof, in luch Cafe the Price or Prices thereof fliall be after rained by a Jury in Manner herein-befere directed with refpect to difputed Value of Premifes 10 be;purchafed by the laid Truftees in purfu-ance of this Aft; and the Expence of hearing and determining fuch Dif-. ference fhall be borne and paid in like Manner as herein-before directed with refpect to Rich Purchafes rn^de by the faid Truftees, mutatis mutandis-, and that it fhall be lawful for the faid Truftees 10 plan, defign, and lay out in what Manner any new Houfe or Houfes or Edifices to be ertded upon fuch Piece or Pieces ofGiound lo to be fold, fhall be built or erefted ; and the Money to arife by Sale cf fuch Piece or Pieces of Grounds, 01	(hall

480 GEORGII III. 0<zp* 148.

flu!) be applied to the refptftive Purpofes of this Aft, but the Purehafer or Purchafers thereof thaii not be anfwerablc or accountable for any Milap-plicatioa or Non-application thereof.

CXII. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall g be fummoned as a Witnefs or Whtneffes to give Evidence before any moned as fuch Juftices of the Peace, touching any Matter of Faft contained in ^nne^satrc*' any Information or Complaint for any Offence againft this Aft, or againft tend8or°bV any Rule or Order made in purruince thcreor, either on the Part of the «*aininsd. Profecutor or of the Perfon or Perfons accufed ; or if any Perfon or Perfons Hi all be fummoned as a Witnefs or Witneffes to give Evidence at a General Quarter ScflPns of the Peace to be holden in and for the faid County, or any Adjournment thereof, upon any Appeal by virtue of this Aci, either on the Part of ihe Appellant or Relpcndent, and any Inch Per-ion or Perfons refpeftively fhall refufe or negleft to appear ar thr Time and Place to be for that Purpofe appointed, without a reafonable Excufe for his, her, or their Refufal or Negleft, or appear ng fhall refuie to be examined on Oath (or in cafe of a Quaker or Quakers, on f >lemn Affirmation) and to give Evidence before fuch Juftice ot the Peace, or at luch Seffionsor Adjournment thereof, then and in either of the laid Cafes every fuch Perfon (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

C,XIH. And be it further enafled. That no Perfon (hall be liable to pay any Penalty or Forfeiture impefed by this Aft on the Commitment Penalties, of any Offence where the Manner of Recovery thereof is not hereby fpe-cially provided £>r, unlefs he or fhe be convifted of fuch Offence before One Juftice of the Peace for the faid County of Hereford, upon his or her Confefiion, or upon the Oath of One or more erect.ble Witnefs or Wit-nefiVs (which Gath fuch Juftice is hereby empowered and required to adminiffer or take) and which Conviftion fuch Juftice is hereby empowered to make accordingly ; and that all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Aft impofed or incurred, and all Cofts and Charges to be allowed and ordered by the Authority of this Aft, the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwife particuiarly directed, fhall be levied and recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One Juftice of the Peace afting in>nd for the faid County, which Warrant fuch Juftice is hereby empowered and required to ifTue and grant, upon the Confefiion of the Party offending; and in cafe fufficient Diltrefs fhall not be found, or fuch Penalties and Forfeitures and Sum and Sums of Money fhall not be forthwith paid, it fhall be lawful for fuch Juftice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warranc under his Hand and Seal, to caufe fuch Offender to be committed to the Houfe of Correction for the faid Countv, there ro remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Penalties and Forfeitures,

Sum and Sums of Money, and all reafonable Charges, fhall be l'ooner paid 2nd fatisfied.

CXIV. And be it further enafted. That in all Aftions, Profecutions, inhabitants informations, Caufes, Enquiries, and Proceedings whatfoever relating declared not to or concerning the Execution of this Aft, or of any Rule or Order peten* Witl' made in purfuancc thereof, no Perfon whatfoever fh 11 be difqualifkd from nefl**.

being

2 gee

48° GEORGII III. Cap. i+9.

being a competent Witnefs and being admitted to give Evidence by reafon cf his or her being an Inhabitant of the laid Town or Borough.

CXV. And be it further enabled and declared, That in all Summonfes Copy at the and N tices which arc riicefted or required to be given by this A<ft, or ioufc* ta'be a which 8re or !T,a> be directed or required to be given by any Rules or gyud’service. Orders made or to be made in purtuance of this Acl, or which fhall or may be ncceffary for carrying into Execution anv of the Powers of this A£f, or of a ’ of fuch Rules or Orders (where the Manner of ferving fuch Notices 01 Summonics 1 not particularly or otherwise directed by this Ad) th Service cf any fuch Notice or Summons either on the Perfon to whom the fams ought to be given, ur leaving the fame or a true Copy thereof at his or her Dwelling-houfe or ufual Place of his or her Abode, fhall be good and fufficient Service of any fuch Notice or Summons; and that m all Cafes whatfoever where any fuch Notices or Summonfes ought to be given to Two or more Per Ions tor or rtfpe&ing the joint Ad or Omillion cf any fuch Perfon whether the laid Perfons be in Partner-fhip, in Trade, or otherwife jointly concerned in any fuch Acft cr Orniffion, the like Service of any fuch Notices or Summonfcs on any One cf fuch Partners or Perfons, fhall be alfo a good and fufficient Service thereof.

AH Cofti, CXVI. And be it further ena&cd, That all C.fts, Charges, and F.x-prtu-ihiily00^ pences allowed, ordered, or dire&ed to be paid, and which fhall or may ire£ted, to be be allowed, ordered, or directed to be paid by or by Authority of this by*fjuftlceof	or any Rules or Orders made or to be made in puriuar.ee of this Adi

the Peace. (where the Manner of afeertaining cr fettling the fame is nor pa ticularly or otherwife directed by this Adi) lliall from Time to Time, as Occafion fhall require, be afeertained and fettled by any One of his Majefty’s Juf-tices of the Peace for the faid County of Hereford, who is hereby authorized and required to afeertain and fettle the lame accordingly (and where the Manner of recovering the fame is not particularly or otherwife directed by this Act) fhall and may, in cafe the fame fhall not be paid on Demand, be levied and recovered by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels ot the Perfon or Perfons made fubjedl or liable to the Payment thereof by or by Authority of this Act, and fuch Rules or Orders, or any or either of them, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal ofanyjuftice of the Peace (which Warrant fuch Juftice is hereby authorized and required to grant and ifiue) \ and in cafe fufficient Diftrefs fhall not be found, and fuch Cofts, Charges, and Expences, or any of them, fhall no: be paid on Demand, it (hall be lawful for any fuch Juftice of the Peace and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant undtr his Hand and Seal, to commit fuch Perfon or Peifons to the Houfe of Correction for the faid County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Colts, Charges, and Expences fhall be fooner paid and fatisfied.

&•> Pmaity CXVII. Ar.d be it further enacted, That no Perfon or Perfons Hull be uaiefethblOf	cr	Object	to	the Payment of any of the Penalties or Forfeitures

ft".(ier\Spro. inflicted by this Act, for any Offence or Offences againfl the fame, or againft P-cured any Rule or Oder to be made in purfuance thereof, unlels fotne Proceed-SSJ*" *D£S	had according to the Directions of this Act, or ol fach Hub

or

48* GEORG 11 III. Cap. 148.	2901

01 Older refpecting fuch Offence or Offences, within Three Calendar Months after Months next after the Offence committed.	ccaimituS	’*

CXVIII. And, for the moreeafy Conviction of Offenders, be it further enacted. That any Juftice of the Peace before whom any Perfonor P-jfons fhall be convicted of any Offence againft this Act, or againff any Rule or Order made in purfuance thereof, fh.il) and may caul-e the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in Words to the fanae Effcft (that is to fay) •,

Heretorifliire u «. -r>£ jc remembered, That on the	Day

°	0f	in	the	Year	of the Reign

*	of his Majefty K<ng	A.	B. is [or, are]] convifted

4 before me. One of His Maji-fty’s Juftices of the Peace m and for the (aid

*	County of Hereford, by virtue of an Aft paffed in the Forty-eighth

4 Year of the Reign of His Majcfty King George the Thiid, intituled, 6 An Aft, Effc [here t infert the Title of this Ad, and fpecify the Offence and < the Time and Place when and wehre the fame was committed, as the Cafe 4 Jhall be] contrary to the faid Aft or, [as the Cafe Jhall be] contrary to a 4 certain Rule or Order made on the	Day of

4 purluant to the faid Aft ; for which Offence I adjudge the faid 4	to	have	forfeited	the Sum of

*■ [and, if mitigated] which I mitigate to the Sum of

G.ven unacr my Hand and Seal the Day and Year firft above

*	written.’

Form of Con-

CXIX. And be it further enafted. That if any Perfon (ball think perfons a?-himfdf or herfelf aggrieved by any Determination of the faid Truftees, srieve|cl upon Application to them, in refpeft of any Rate or Affeffmemr, or sd£&!° thC of any Rule or Order made in purfuance of this Aft, or by any Conviction or Judgement to be made in purfuance of this Aft, fuch Perfon may appeal (and the Juftice or Juftices convifting is hereby required to make known to fuch Perfon at the Time of fuch Conviftion his or her Right to appeal) to the next General Quarter Seffions of the Pence to be ho-den for the faid County of Hereford, fuch Perfon at the Time of fuch Determination or Conviftion, or within Twenty-four Hours thereof, giving to the Truftees or Jufticefo determining or convifting,Notice of his or lier intent cf appealing, or entering into a Recognizance with fufneiem Securities conditioned to try fuch Appea1, and abide die Judgement ol and pay inch 'Colts as (ball be awarded by the Juftices at fuch Seffions ; and the Justices of the Peace in fuch Seffions (ball have Power to dirfft and (hall direft the Jury which (hall attend at fuch Seffions for the Trial of Traverfcrs, or fome other Jury of Twelve honeft and (ubftanti.il Men 16 be then and there empanneied by the Sheriff", without Fee or Reward, to enquire of the Matter determined, or of the Offence cf which the fud Perfon (ball have been convifted ; and if fuch jury (hall find'the faid Matter rightly determined, or (hail find fuch Perfon guilty of the Offence whereof he or (he (hall have been fa convifted, then the faid Determination or Conviftion (hall (land affirmed, and the faid Juftices in their faid Seffion (hall adjudge and order the Sum in fuch Determination, or Penalty in (uch Conviftion mentioned, to be forthwith paid, and (hail award fuch Cofts to be paid by the Perfon fo appealing to the Profecutor or Profecutors, as in their Difcretion they (ball think fit; and the Appellant (ball forthwith pay fuch Penalty and Cofts accordingly ; and in cafe the Jury (hall find the Matter fo appealed againft not rightly determined, or the Perfon or Perfons [Lee. & Per.]	32	N	lo

48*GEORGII III. Cap. 148.

fo appealing not guilty of the Offence of which he or Hie (hall have been foconvidted,then the faidDetermination orConvidtion Oiall (tanddifcharged and fet afide, and the faid Juftices in their faid Seffions (hall award fuch Cofts to be paid by the Profecutor or Profecutors to the Perfon fo appealing, as they in their Difiretion (hall think fit; and in cafe the laid Appe 'ant (hall refule or negledt to pay luch Penalty and Cofl: as he or file (hall be adjudged by the Court before whom fuch Appeal (hall be tried to pay, he or ihe (hall be committed by fuch C >urt to the Houfe of Correction for the faid County, there to remain any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Momhs, nor lei's than Fourteen Days, to be computed from the Affirmance of fuch Determination or Conviction, unlefs fuch Penalty and Cods (hill be fooner paid ; upon the Payment whereof, the Keeper of the faid H ufc of Correction is hereby authorized and required forthwith to dif-charge and liberate fuch Appellant or Appellants.

CXX. And be it further enacted, That when any Perfon (hall appeal from and againft any Determination or Conviction as afo^elaid, the Truf-tees or Juffce making luch Determination or Convidtion, lhall upon ihe Rrqu»(l of the Perfon appealing, deliver or caufe to be delivered to luch Perfon, his or her Attorney or Agent, a Copy of fuch D ner mi nation or Convi& on, at lead Twelve Days before luch Appeal is to be tried, for which Coj y the Perfon applying for the fame (hall ay to the laid Truf-tees or to ihe Judice or his Clerk, the Sum of Two Shillings an.l Sixpence. ard no mor^; but if it (hall happen that the faid Trudees or Juf-tice cannot conveniently caule the laid Determination or Convidtion to be-drawn up f as to be delivered Twelve Days before luch Appeal is to be' tried, then the fa d Determination or Conivction fhall be returned to and filed at the next Quarter Sedion of the Peace to be holden in and for the laid C u 'ty, and in thac Cafe the hearing of the laid Appeal lhall dand over and be adjourned to the next Quarter Sefiions, when and where the fame lhall be finally determined in Manner aforefaid.

CXXI. Ard be it further enadted, That when any Diltrefs (hall be made fnr .nv Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue 01 this Act, the D d ■ fs iifelt find not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties maki >g the fame be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefp -ffrrs ab initio on Account of any Detector Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, W rrant of D ftref , or other P oceedings relative thereto; nor (hall the Party or Parues diftrahed be deemed a Tiefpaffcr or Trefpaffers ab initio, on Account of an) Irregularity which lhall be afteiwards done by the Party or Parties didraining, but the PeTon or Perfons aggrieved by fuch Irregularity iruy recover Satisfaction for the fpecial Damage in an Adtion upon the C fe ; but no Plaint ff or Plaintiffs lhall recover in any Action for any fuch I rrguia. ity or other Proceedings, if Tender of fuflicient Amends fhall be made oy or on the Behalf of the Party or Parties who lhall have committed or caufed to be committed any fuch Irregularity or wrongful Proceedings, before fuch Adtion brought; and in cTe no fuch Tender lhall have been made, it (lull be lawtul for the Defendant or Defendants in any fuch Action, by Leave of the Court where fuch Action (hall depend, at any Time before Iffue joined, to pay inco Court fuch Sum of Money as he, (he, or they (hall fee fit, whereupon fuch Proceedings or Orders and Judgments lhall be had, made, and given in and by fuch Courr, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money inco Court.

CXXII. And

48* GE ORG11 III. Cap. 148.	2903

CXXII. And be it fmther enacted. That no Proceedings to be had ^'°ctec‘^"g* touching the Conviftion of any Offender or Offenders againft this Aft, or qu^nledfar againfl any Rule or O dcr to be made in purluance thereof, or any Order want of Form, made or other Matter or Thing to be done or tranf. fted in or relating to the Execution of this Aft, or of any Rule or Order (ball be made void or quafhed for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefs whatLever, into any of His M.ijefty’s Courts of Record at Wejl-minfier, any Law or Statute to the" contrary notwithftanding.

CXXIII. And be it further enafted, That no Aftion or Suit (ball be com- Limitation of menced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing done in purfuarice of Actions, this Aft, or of any Rule or Order to be made in purluance thereof, until Twenty one Days Notice thereof Hi ill be firft given in Writing to the Clerk of the laid Truftees for the Time being, figned by the intended Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, fpecifying the Caufe for commencing fuch Aftion or Suit, nor at any Time what for ver after fuflfcient Satisfaction or Tender the’eot hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, no: after Three Calendar Months next after thr Faft committed for which frith Aftion or A: ions, Suit or Suit- fhall be fo broughr; and all'fuch Aftions and Suits fball be laid and tried in the County of Hereford, and not in any other County or Place; and that the Defendant or Defendants in every fuch Aftion or Suit, and every of them, may plead the General Iffue. and give this Aft and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial or Trials which Iball be had thereupon, and that the Matter or Tiling for which fifth1 Aftion or Aftions, Suit or Suits, (ball be fo brought, was done in purfuance and by Ainhoricy of this Aft, or of any Rule or Order made in purfuance thereof j and if the faid Matter or Thing (ball appear to have been fo done, or if it iha.ll happen that fuch Aftion or Suir was brought before Twenty, one Days Notice given as aforefaid, or that lufftcienf Satisfaction wa» made or tendered as aforefaid, or if any fuch Aftion or Suit fhall not be commenced within the Time before limited, or (ball be laid in any ocher County or Place than as aforefaid, then the Jury or Juries fhall find for the Defendant or D fendams therein ; and if a Verdift or Verdifts fhall be found f-r fuch Defendant < r Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in fuch Aftion or Aftions, Suit or Suits, fhall become nonftiited, or luffer a Difcontinuance of fuch Action or Aftions, or if Judgement fhall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein, then and’in either of the Cafes aforelaid (uch Defendant or Defendants fhall have Treble Cofts, and fhall have fuch Remedy for recovering rhe lame as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Colts in any other Cafes by Law.

CXXIV. And be it further enafted. That if any Aftion or Aftions fhall be brought by the Order of the Did Truflees agai It any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing relating to this Aft, or the Powers herein con- Action ?.nd tained, and a Verdift fhall be had and given againfl the Perfon or Perfons ^^Defend againft whom fuch Aftion or Aftions fhall be broughr, fuch Perfon or anno pay " " Perfons fhall p..y Double Cofts, and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in fuch Cofts*

Action or Aftions, fhall have fuch Remedy and Remedies for recovering the fame, as any Plain.iff or Pl aintiffs may have for his, her, or their Colls, in any other Cates by Law.

CXXV. And be it further enafted, That this Aft fhall be deemed and Patll-kj. Act taken to be a Puolick Aft, and fhall be judicially iaken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpeciaiiy pleaded.

The

290+

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 148.

The SCHEDULE referred to by the faid Ad.

A Mefluage or Tenement now or late the Property of	Collier,

and in the PofTeffion of James Herbert, Barber.

Another Mefluage or Tenement now or late the Property of Richard Lloyd, and in the Pofleflion of Richard Lloyd, Butcher, fituate in High Street, in the faid Town or Borough of Leominjler.

Another Mefluage or Tenement, now or late the Property of Richard Morris, in the Poifcflion of Cornelius Chapman, Hatter, fituate in Mill Street in the faid Town.

A Part of a certain other Mefluage, Tenement, and Dwelling Houfe, which hangs or projects over towards the Front, and is fupported by Three Wood Pillars, the Property and in the Pofleflion of Samuel Najh, Mercer, fituate near the Crofs in the Broad Street in the faid Town or Borough of Leominjler.

Another Meffuage or Tenement now or late the Property of

in the Pofleflion of Richard Baker, fituate in the Lower Marjh in the faid Town or Borough of Leominjler.

A Part of a certain other Meffuage or Tenement, the Property of Mrs.' Wanklin, in the Pofleflion of Thomas Meredith, fituate in the Lower Marjh, within the faid Town or Borough of Leominjler. And

A Building called the Wafh Houfe, {landing and being clofe to the River Pinjley, fituate in the Vicarage Street, within the faid Town or Borough of Lecminjter.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majefly. 1808.

-

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*****************************************************

Cap. 149.

An Ad for effectuating an Exchange between the Prelident and Scholars of Saint "John Baptijl College in the Univerfity of Oxford, and Chrijiopher Hull, of Footfcray in the County of Kent, Efquire.

[30th June 1 808.]

‘IT "THE RE AS William Holmes Dottor in Divinity and Prefident of %/%/ Saint John Baptijl College in the Univerfity of Oxford, duly V T made and publilhed his laft Will and Teftament in Writing, dated the Seventeenth Day of December One thoufand feven hundred and forty-five, executed in the Prefence of Three Witneffes, and thereby gave to his Wife One thoufand Pounds, and all his Plate, Jewels, Watches, and China Ware, her own Wearing Apparel, alfo all fuch Furniture, Houfe-hbld Goods, Books, and Linen, as belonged to her before her Intermarriage ; he alfo gave to Anne Huntly, Mary Huntly, Dorothy Huntly, and Elizabeth Huntly, each the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, payable after the Death of his Wife; alfo to the Chancellor, Mailers, and Scholars of the Univerfity of Oxford One hundred Pounds, to be laid out in Books for the Bodleian Library ; to Temperance and Martha Aylmer each the Sum of Five Pounds; to each of his Truftees the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and after giving fome fpecifick Legacies, all his Goods, Chattels, and Ellates Real and Perfonal of what Kind or Nature foever not thereby otherwife difpofed of, fubjeft to the Payment of his Legacies, Debts, and Funeral Charges, he gave and bequeathed to John Wright Efquire, Eufebius If jam Do&or in Divinity, and John Stracey Efquire, their Executors, Admini-[Loc. & Per.]	32	0	ftrators,

Will of Dr. Holmes, dated i,th

2506

Code'll, dated 18th December *745-

Another Codicil, dated lath January 1746-7.

Death of Dr. Holmes

and aoth Augult 1748.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 149.

ftrators, and Afligns, upon the Trufts therein-after declared, videlicet,. Upon Truft that they the faid Truftees, their Executors, and Adminiftra-tors fhould, during the Life of his faid Wife, receive the Rents and put forth the Monies to Intereft upon fuch Publick Funds, Government or other Securities, as they, with the Confent of his faid Wife,- fhould think fit ; and,upon further Trufl out of the Rents and the intereft, Produce, and Proceed of his faid Eflates Real and Perfonal, fhould pay! unto his Sifter Rebecca Holmes, during h ir Life, the yearly Sum of Forty Pounds, and alfo unto his Sifter Elizabeth Holmes, during her Life, the yearly Sum of Forty Pounds, both which Sums fhould be paid without any Deduction as therein directed ; and upon further Truft to pay the Refidue of the Rents, Intereft, Proceed, and Increafe of his faid Eflates Real and Perfonal unto his Wife and her Afligns during her Life ; and that as his Sifters fhould refpe&ively happen to die, his Wife, in cafe fhe fhould be then living, fhould have the Benefit of the feveral yearly Sums which fhould from thenceforth be paid to her for her Life, and if it fhould happen he did in his Life-time make Provifion for his Two Sifters to the yearly Amount of Forty Pounds each or upwards, then he thereby declared the Claufe in his Will relating to them null and void ; and that upon the Death of his Wife the faid Truftees and the Survivor of them, his Executors and Adminiftrators, fhould immediately aflign, transfer, and make over, unto thePrefident and Scholars of Saint John Baptijl College in Oxford, all his Eftate Real and Perfonal upon Truft, and for fuch Pur-pofes as lhould be declared concerning the fame by any Codicil or Codicils to be annexed to his Will, or by any Deed or Writing executed in the Prefence of Three or more Witnelfes, but neverthelefs fubject to the Payment of the feveral Sums of Forty Pounds a-piece to his faid Sifters for their Lives, and fuch other of his Legacies as had not then been paid: And whereas the faid Teftator by a Codicil dated the Eighteenth Day of December One thoufand feven hundred and forty-five, after in Part reciting the faid Will, he inereby confirmed the fame, and declared it to be his Will that che faid Prelident and Scholars fhould after Payment of the faid Legacies and Annuities to his faid Sifters be pofielTed of his Eflates Real and Perfonal upon the Trufts therein exprefled : And whereas the faid Teftator by a fecond Codicil to his faid Will dated the Twelfth Day of January One thoufand feven hundred and forty-fix-feven, willed that after the Deceafe of his Wife Ten Pounds Eight Shillings for ever, videlicet, Four Shillings weekly to be laid out in Bread, and diftributed every Saturday throughout the Year to Sixteen poor Widows: And whereas the faid William Holmes died on or about the Fourth Day of April One thoufand feven hundred and forty-eight, without having revoked or altered his faid Will and Codicils, or any of them : And whereas by Indentures of Leafe and Releafe dated the Nineteenth and Twentieth Days of Augujl One thoufand feven hundred and forty-eight, the Releafe being made or exprefied to be made between Rebecca Holmes and Elizabeth Holmes Sifters and Heirs at Law of the faid Teftator of the Firft Part, the faid Frefident and Scholars of the Second Part, and the faid Eufebius IJham (therein called Eufebv Ifham), John Slracey, and John Wright of the Third Part, reciting the faid Will and Codicils, and that the faid Rebecca Holmes and Elizabeth Holmes were defirous that the Trulls declared by the faid Will and Codicils fhould be performed, and for that Purpofe had agreed to convey the Real Eftate of the faid Teftator to the faid Eufebius Ifjam, John Stracey, and John Wright, and their Heirs upon the Trufts declared by the faid Will and Codicils ;

4	it

2907

n

aiak

ucc,

ads,

ium

i'lC-

ficf

and

ishis

dfee

I’hich

K’ald

0	the

f tie. that

3em,

and

%

Pur.

dials Q tit :Piy. s fa paid: ay of rail-tobe flic

UKS

1	the

Day

ita

!M

trii]

ilia

even

in

and land otic is at

slat!

4w

ndd

leof

f

m

it

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 149.

it is witnefled, for the more effectual veiling the Moiety of the Mefluages,

Land, Tenements, and Hereditaments therein-after mentioned in them for the Purpofes aforefaid, and for the Oonfiderati ns therein mentioned, the faid Rebecca Holmes and Elizabeth Holmes, at the Requeft of the fa id Frefidem and Scholars, did bargain, fell, alien, releafe, and confirm unto the faid Eufebius IJham, John Straccy, and John Wright, and their Heirs, all that their undivided Moiety of the Mefluages, Barns, Stables, Outhoufes,

Edifices, Buildings, Gardens, Orchards, Yards, Back Tides, Lands, and Hereditaments, and all that Moiety of a Moiety of a Mefiuage, Barn,

Stable, Lands, and Hereditaments, the Whole fituate, lying, and being in the feveral Parishes of Ghiflehurji, Footfcray, and Bexley, in the County of Kent, to hold the fame Hereditaments and Premifes unto the faid Eufe-bias IJham, John S.tracey, and John Wright, and their Heirs, to and upon the Trufts, and for the Ufes, Intents, and Purpofes in and by the faid recited Will and Codicils exprefied and declared concerning the Real Eftate of the faid William Holmes: And whereas by Indentures of Leafe and Re-leafe dated the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Days of January One thoufand dat«H iVh feven hundred and fifty, and made between the faid Eufebius IJham (therein ^nd *s’h called Eufeby IJham), and John Wright, (the faid John Stracey being dead) dnuarj 1;5°‘ of the One Part, and the faid Prefident and Scholars of the other Part, reciting the faid Will and Codicils, and that the Executors had paid to the faid Sarah Holmes the Teftator’s Widow, the Sum of One thoufand Pounds fo bequeathed to her and delivered to her, her fpecifick Legacies, and that file was fince dead, and that the faid Executors had accounted with the Prefident and Scholars for the Perfonal Eftate of the Teftator, and transferred to them Two thoufand feven hundred and twelve Pounds Twelve Shillings Bank Stock, alfo Two thoufand Pounds Old South Sea Annuities, and likewife paid to them the Sum of 1 hirty-two Pounds Thirteen Shillings and One Penny Three Farthings, which Three Sums conftituted the Whole of the Perfonal Eftate of the Teftator ; and that the faid Eufebius IJham and John Wright had agreed to convey the Teftator’s Real Eftate unto the faid Prefident and Scholars according to the Directions of the faid Will; it is witnefled, that in purfuance thereof, and in confideration of Five Shillings to them paid by the faid Prefident and Scholars, they the faid Eujebius IJham and John Wright did bargain, fell, alien, releafe, and confirm unto the faid Prefident and Scholars and their Succdfors, all the before-mentioned Hereditaments and Premifes, to hold to them and their Succdfors for ever, fubjedfc to the Payment of the faid feveral Legacies of Two hundred Pounds a piece to the faid Anne Huntly,

Mary Huntly, Dorothy Huntly, and Elizabeth Huntly, and of the Sum of One hundred Pounds to the Chancellor and Mafter and Scholars of the Univerfity of Oxford}? and the faid Annuities of Forty Pounds a-piece to the faid Rebecca Holmes and Elizabeth Holmes, and upon fuch Trufts and Confidences, and to and for fuch Ufes, Intents, and Purpofes as were declared concerning the Real and Perfonal Eftate of the faid Teftator by the faid in Part recited Codicils: And whereas it is prefumed all the faid legacies have Legacies have been paid, and the faid Annuitants Rebecca Holmes and Eliza- beei1 paid‘ beth Holmes have been long fince dead, and the Rents arifing from the faid devifed Eftates have ever fince been paid and applied in the Manner in the faid Will and Codicils directed: And whereas the faid Freehold Premifes devifed by the faid Will confift of One undivided Moiety of a Moiety or One-fourth Part of One Mefiuage and One Cottage, with the Barn, Stable, Garden, Orchard, and feveral Lands to the fame belonging,

oS

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 149.

mg, containing altogether Eight Acres Two Roods and Thirty-one Perches or thereabouts, iituate in the Parishes of Chijlehurji and Footfcray in the County of Kent, alfo of or to One undivided Moiety or Hall Part of Three Melfuages, with the Stables, Outhoufes, Gardens, Orchards, and feveral Lands to the fame belonging, containing in the W hole One hundred and forty-one Acres and Thirty-three Perches or thereabouts, fituate in the Parilhes of Footfcray and Bexley in the faid County of Kent, let together at the yearly Rack Rent of One hundred and twenty-one Pounds and One Shilling clear of all Taxes arid Deductions, which Premifes,* with the yearly Rent and Value thereof, are fpecified in the Firft Schedule hereunto annexed : And whereas Chrijlopher Hull Efquire is feifed or otherwise entitled to him and his Heirs in Fee Simple free from Incumbrances, of or to Two Melfuages, with the Homeftalls, Gardens, Orchards, and feveral Lands thereunto belonging, containing by Computation One hundred and feventy-feven Acres and Twenty-eight Perches (more or lei’s) fituate in the Parifh of Garfington in the County of Oxford, with Twenty-four Cow Commons thereunto belonging, let at the yearly Rack Rent of One hundred and fixty Pounds clear of all Taxes and Deductions, and the fame Premifes, with the yearly Rent and yearly Value thereof, are fpecified in the Second Schedule hereunto annexed : And whereas the faid undivided Fourth Part devifed as aforefaid of the firft-mentioned Melfuage, Cottage, Lands, and Premifes, containing altogether Eight Acres Two Roods and Thirty-one Perches or thereabouts in the laid County of Kent, are held in Common with the faid Chrijlopher Hull, who is entitled in Fee Simple to the other Three-fourth Parts thereof; and the faid undivided Moiety devifed as aforefaid of Two Mef-fuages, with the Bams, Stables, Outhoufes, Gardens, Orchards, and feveral Lands thereunto refpeCtively belonging, containing Eighty-fix Acres and Thirty-five Perches, Part of the faid Premifes, containing in the Whole One hundred and forty-one Acres and Thirty-three Perches, are alfo held in common with the faid Chrijlopher Hull, who is entitled in Fee Simple to the other Moiety thereof; and One Melfuage, with the Stables, Outhoufes, Garden, Orchard, and feveral Lands thereunto belonging, containing Fifty-four Acres Three Roods and Thirty-eight Perches, being the remaining Part of the faid Premifes, containing in the W hole One hundred and forty-one Acres and Thirty-three Perches, and One undivided Moiety whereof was devifed as aforefaid, lie contiguous to the faid Lands and to other Lands of or belonging to the faid Chrijlopher Hull in the Parilhes df Footfcray and Bexley, and the Whole of the faid Hereditaments lie at an inconvenient Diftance from the faid College and Univerfity of Oxford: And whereas it would be of manifeft Convenience and Advantage to the * lhid Prefident and Scholars of the faid College and the faid Chrijlopher Hull, and they are therefore mutually defirous that the faid Fourth Part and alfo the faid Moieties of the faid Freehold Eflates in Ckiflehurfi, Footfcray, and Bexley, in the faid County of Kent, may be veiled in the laid Chrijlopher Hull and his Heirs, freed and diicharged of and from the Trulls declared by the laid Will and Codicils of the faid William Hohnes, in lieu of and in Exchange for the laid Two Melfuages, Lands, and Cow Commons of the faid Chrijlopher Hull, fituate in the Parilh of Garfington in the laid County of Oxford, and that the fame Freehold Melfuages, Lands, and Cow Commons in Garfington lhall be veiled in the laid Prefident and Scholars of Saint John Baptijl College in the Univerfity of Oxford, and their Succeffors for ever, upon the Trulls and for the Intents

and

2909

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 149.

and Purpofes declared by the faid Will and Codicils of the faid William Holmes, of and concerning the faid Fourth Part and Moieties thereby devifed the faid Chrijlopher Hull, paying to the faid Prefident and Scholars the Sum of Forty-four Pounds and Seventeen Shillings for Equality of Exchange ; but inafmuch as the above Purpofes cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament, Your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal Subjefts the faid Prefident and Scholars do molt humbly befeech Your Majefty that it may be enabled, and be it enabled by the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affern-bled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, from and immediately after the palling of this Aft, all that undivided Moiety of a Moiety or Mr. Hu.1, &c. One-fourth Part of all that Freehold Mefluage and Cottage, with the Barn,

Stable, Garden, Orchard, and feveral Lands to the fame belonging, containing altogether Eight Acres Two Roods and Thirty-one Perches or thereabouts, fituate in the faid Parities of Cbijleburjl and Footferay, or One of them, in the faid County of Kent, and all'o all that undivided Moiety or Half Part of Three Mefluages. with the Stables, Outhoufes,

Gardtns, Orchards, and feveral Lands to the fame belonging, containing in the whole One hundred and forty-one Acres and Thirty-three Perches or thereabouts, fituate in the faid Parilhes of Footfcray and Bexley, or One of them, in the faid County of Kent, devifed by the faid Will and Codicils of the faid William Holmes deceafed, and in the Firft Schedule to this Aft annexed more particularly mentioned and defcribed, together with all and fmgular the Rights, Members, Eafements, and Appurtenances to the faid undivided Moiety of a Moiety or Fourth Part, and alfo to the faid undivided Moiety or Half Part refpeftively belonging or appertaining fhall be, and the lame are hereby, from the palling ot this Aft, veiled in the faid Chrijlopher Hull and his Heirs and Alfigns for ever, freed and dif-charged, and abfolutely acquitted, exempted, and exonerated of and from all the Eftate, Right, Title, Intcreft, Claim, and Demand of the afore-faid Prefident and Scholars and their Succeffors, and all and every other Perfon and Perfons whomfoever for whom they or any of them are or is feifed or entitled in Truft in any wife howfoever, and of all and every Perfon and Perfons whomfoever claiming under the faid Will and Codicils of the faid William Holmes, or the Trulls thereof, or the faid Indentures of the Nineteenth and Twentieth Days of A'jgujl One thoufand feven hundred and forty-eight, in lieu of and in Exchange for the faid Two Mefluages, with the Homeftalls, Gardens, Orchards, and feveral Lands thereunto belonging, containing One hundred and feventy-feven Acres and Twenty-eight Perches or thereabouts, fituate in the Panlh of Garfington in the County of Oxford, with the Twenty Tour Cow Commons thereunto belonging, particularly fet forth in the Second Schedule annexed to this Aft.

II. And be it further enafted. That, from and immediately after the The Eftate& palling of this Aft, all thofe Two Mefluages, with the Homeftalls, Gar-	j

dens. Orchards, and feveral Lands thereto belonging, fituate in the Farilh m the Prcfi. of GarJiJigton in the faid County of Oxford, and now in the Occupation scSc* la”*1 cf of William Clinkard, alfo the Barns, Cowhoufes, and Yard in the Town, 'si. John’s and alfo all thofe feveral Pieces or Parcels of Arable, Meadow, and Paf- Cclggin ture Ground lying and being in the Parilh of Garfington aforefaid, and faid °r " to contain together by Computation One hundred and fevemv-feven Acres [Loc. Isf Perl]	32 P	and

2910	48‘GEORGII	III. Cdf>. 14.9.

and twenty-eight Perches (more or lefs), but containing by aftual Admea-furement One hundred and twcnty-feven Acres Three Roods and Twenty-two Perches, and in the Second Schedule to this Aft annexed more particularly mentioned and defcribed, which laft-tnentioned Meffuages, Lands, and Premifes were granted and conveyed unto the Paid Chrijlopher Hull and his Heirs by certain Indentures of Leafe and Releafe bearing Date refpeftively on or about the Firlt and Second Days of February One thoufand eight hundred and eight, the Releafe being made between William Hayward as therein defcribed of the Firit Part, the Right Honourable Charles Henry Earl of Peterborough and Monmouth of the Second Part, and the faid Chrijlopher Hull of the Third Part, by the feveral ancient Defcrip-tions therein contained thereof, and all Houfes, Cottages, Outhoufes, Edifices, Buildings, Barns, Stables, Yards, Gardens, Orchards, Clofes 'of Land, Meadow and Pafture, Feedings, Woods, Underwoods, and the Ground and Soil thereof, Commons, Common of Pafture and of Turbary and other Commonable Rights, Hedges, Ditches, Fences, Mounds, Ways, Paths, Paffages, Waters, Watercourfes, Liberties, Privileges, Fafe-ments. Profits, Commodities, Advantages, and Emoluments whatfoever to the fame Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or any of them refpeftively belonging, or in anywife appertaining or accepted, re* puled, deemed, taken, known, held, or enjoyed as Part, Parcel, or Member of the fame, or any of them refpeftively, fhall be fettled upon and veiled in, and the fame are hereby, from and after the palling of this Aft, fettled upon and veiled in the faid Prefident and Scholars and their Succeifors for ever freed and difeharged of, and from all Eftates, Right, Title and Intereft, Claim and Demand of him the faid Chrijlopher Hull and his Heirs of, in, and to the fame, but neverthelefs upon fuch I'ruft, and for fuch Intents.and Purpofes as the faid devifed Fourth Part and Moieties in Chijlehurjl, Footfcray, and Bexley in the County of Kent, immediately before the palling of this Aft, were held upon and fubjeft and liable to and in Exchange for the fame.

Directing	III. And be it further enafted, That the faid Chrijlopher Hull fhall

ply to'st*0 immediately after the palling of this Aft pay unto the laid Prefident and jo'-n’aCoi- Scholars of Saint John Baptijl College in the Univerfity of Oxford, the Sum of Forty-four Pounds and Seventeen Shillings, to be applied by them Equality of under the Trufts of the faid Will and Codicils of the faid William Holmes Exchange. for Equality of Exchange, and in cafe the fame fhall not be fo paid, then the faid Sum of Forty-four Pounds and Seventeen Shillings fhall be and remain a Charge upon the faid Freehold Premifes in the feveral Parifhes of Footfcray, Chijlehurjl, and Bexley, with Intereft thereon at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum.

Eviction	IV. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if any of the

i saufe. faij Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments refpeftively hereinbefore limited, fettled, and allured as aforefaid, lhall at any Time or Times hereafter be lawfully recovered from or taken away out of the Pof-felfion of the Perfon or Perfons, his or their relpeftive Heirs, Succeifors, or Afligns, in or upon whom, or to whole Ule the lame Premifes are by this Aft refpeftively fettled and limited, by or under any Right or Title prior or otherwife precedent to the Right or Title of either of the faid exchanging Parties, then and from thenceforth the faid Exchange hereby made fhall be utterly void and of none Effeft ; and it fhall be lawful for

the

2911

48* GEORGII TIL Cap. 149.

the Perfon or Perfons, or Party or Parties fo evifted, and his or their Heirs, Succefiors, or Affigns, immediately after fuch Eviction, to re-enter into fuch of the faid Melfuages> Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments hereby veiled in or by way of Exchange as aforefaid as belonged to him or them, who or whole Heirs, Succefiors, or Affigns, (hall be fo evifted or difpolfelled in fuch and the fame Manner as he or they would have had or been entitled to the fame in cafe this Aft had not been made, and the fame and every Part thereof to have again, repoffefs, and enjoy, as in his and their firft and former Eftate; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithflanding.

V.	Saving always to the King’s moll Excellent Majefly, His Heirs and !?eJ‘'ralo{ Succefiors, and to the Lords of the Manors in which the faid Heredita- Rights.0* ments hereby exchanged are refpeftively iituate, and to all and every

other Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Succefiors, Executors, and Adminiftrators refpeftively (other than and except the faid Prefident and Scholars and their Succefiors, and the faid Cbrijlopber Hull and his Heirs, and all and every other Perfon and Perfons claiming, or who fhall or may claim, any Eftate, Right,

Title, Truft, or Intereft, of, in, to, or out of the aforefaid Hereditaments refpeftively hereby veiled and fettled in Exchange as aforefaid, under or by virtue of the aforefaid recited Will and Codicils of the faid William Holmes, and of the faid Two recited Conveyances made in purfuance thereof, or any of them refpeftively, or under or in Truft for the faid Chrifiopher HW/),all fuch Eftate, Right, Title, Intereft, Property, Claim, and Demand whatfoever, of, in, to, and out of the fame Hereditaments hereby veiled and fettled refpeftively as aforefaid, as they, every, or any of them refpeftively had before the palling of this Aft, or could or might have had, held, or enjoyed in cafe this Aft had not been made.

VI.	And be it further enafted. That this Aft fhall be printed by the Printer to the King’s moll Excellent Majefty, and a Copy thereof fo E^en in printed fhall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Juftices, and Evidence, others.

2912

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 149.

The FIRST SCHEDULE

To which the faid ACT refers.

All that undivided Moiety of a Moiety or One-fourth Part of One Mef-fuage, One Cottage with the Barn, Stable, Garden, and feveral Lands to the fame belonging, fituate, lying, and being in the Paiilhes of Chiflehurfl: and Footfcray in the County of Kent, now in the Occupation of John Ilartlhorne.

In CHISLEHURST.

Houfe, Barn, Stable, Yard, and Garden Orchard	-

Meadow	...

In FOOTSCRAY.

Meadow	-

Cottage and Garden Meadow

All that undivided Moiety or Half Part of Three Mefiuages with the Stables, Outhoufes, Gardens, Orchards, with feveral Lands to the fame belonging, fituate in the Pariflies of Fcotfcray and Bexley, or One of them, in the County of Kent, now in the feveral Occupaions of Chriftopher Hull, the Widow Ruffed, and Henry Holt White.

In FOOTSCRAY and BEXLEY, in the Occupation of Henry Holt White.

On Leafe For 19 Years from 1,0th Ofteber j8o8.

Farm Houfe, Yard, and Garden Barn and Yard A Piece of Land in Halford Street, Arable Barnfield Arable Orchard Arabic Upper Lane Field, Arable \ Lower Barn Field, Arable I Romans Field, Part Arable, Parc Meadow I Seven Acre Meadow, Arable 1 Eave Gate Field. Arable Middle Field, Arable

Canied forward

(continvsj)

29r3

d.89 GEORGII III. Cap* *49*

, ■	I"	U—^-------—t-----------------—

In FOOTSCRAY and BEXLEY, in the Occupation of Henry Holt White—continued.

On Leafe for

from Lady Day 1807.

7

UU(3HH03 T25IR

..usbiTDA b«l 3li) r..

" I’-Ci fiftnolaaO *•> :r.M s ■

Brought forward

Lower Lane Field, Arable

Five Acres, Arable-

Seven Acres, Arable

Hop Ground, Arable

Woodfide Field, Arable

Brick Kiln Field, including Oziers

Bexley field, Arable

In the Poffcflion of Chriftopher Hull.

Orchard	-	-	.	-

Home Meadow	-	-	•	■	■

Middle Meadow

Lower Meadow	-	<-

Lucerne Field Woodland, unlet

In the Pofleffion of the Widow Ruiffell.

'Dwelling Houfe, Buildings, Yard, Garden, Shrubbery, Water	-

Walnut Tree Field, Arable and Meadow Four-Acre Meadow Three-Acre Meadow The Acre Piece, Arable and Oziers Acre Piece	-	_	-

F ront Field	-	-	-	•

Old Bridge Field Oak Tree Field Cherry Orchard Pear Orchard

Pond	-	...

Lower Meadow

Quantity

Lmd.

Timber by Valuation 405	7.

George Maudy.

James Packer, as to Admeafurement. Tho Wyatt, as to the Value.

[Lee. Ss1 Per.]

32 Q

The

2914-

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 149.

The SECOND SCHEDULE

To which the faid A£l refers.

All ihofe Two Meffuages, with the Homeftalls, Gardens, Orchards, with the feveral Lands thereunto belonging, fuuate, lying, and being in the Pardh of Garfington, in the County of Oxford, now in the Occupation of William Clinkard ; confifting of the following Particulars :

29r5

48° GEORG II III. Cap. 149.

The Second Schedule—continued.

Pieces.

Staggering Field—continued.

Brought forward

Ditto Markham Dean Bottom Ditto I.inner’s Hill Furlong Ditto Furlong below Wheatly Way-Ditto Woofwell Bottom -Ditto Long Downs Furlong Ditto Goulder Ditto	-

ELWELL FIELD. Piece in Holly Thorn Furlong Ditto Furlong {hooting to Horn Path Ditto Ten Acre Furlong Ditto Gofwell Ditto Piece in Ell well Head Dr to Sadler’s Hedge Furlong Ditto Middle Ditto Di to Brook Ditto Ditto Middle Ditto Ditto Ellwell Ditto

Ditto Middle Furlong (hooting to Prieftwell Ditto Dodlor’s Clofe Furlong Ditto Prieltwell Leys Ditio Ditto {hooting to Prieftwell Spring

NORTH FIELD. Pieces in Brook Furlong Ditto Middle Ditto Ditto Hare Hedge Ditto Ditto Short Alton Ditto Ditto (hooting to Whi'e s Cloles Ditto in Afton Bottom Furlong Piece in Long Afton Ditto North Lands Furlong Ditto Black Lands Ditto D-ittb Key Brook Ditto Ditto Dunftead Ditto Ditto Ditto Mead Ditto Little Mead

SOUTH SIDE.

Old Ikclosures. Butler’s Clofe	-

Ditto Orchard	-

Cottage, Barn, Yard, Garden, and Orchard

COMMON FIELDS. Blindwell Field.

Piece (hooting to Orchard Ditto Long Lands Ditto Hill Furlong

Carried forward

1 o 6 0 3 14 o 2 17

-	1	1	16

o 3 30

■	0	3	3

119 o iy

?oi6

48° G EORGII III. Cap. 149

The Second Schedule—continued.

				
			Yearly Rent.	
		Lind.		
			£. d.	s. d.
	WELL’s HILL FIELD.			
Piece*.	Brought forward	119 0 >9		
1.	Piece in Hill Furlong -	0 x 27		
x.	Ditto Annis Croft Ditto -	0 1 13		
1.	Ditto Long Elms Ditto	0 1 32		
*■	Ditto Moor Ditto	0 1 24		
	HOME FIELD.			
3-	Pieces in Road Furlong .	1 * 39		
	Ditto Middle Ditto - -			
	Ditto Furlong (hooting to Clofes	0 1 31		
	Ditto March Crouch Furlong -			
*•	Ditto Brook Ditto - -	0 2 39		
	GOATHAM FIELD.			
2.	Pieces in Broad Mead -			
2,	Ditto Moufe Furlong -			
x.	Ditto Nine Pin Ley - - -	0 1 26		
x.	Ditto Lot Mead - - -			
*•	Ditto Humble Brook Mead -	0 2 16		
		127. 3 22	l6o O O	80 0 0

Twenty-four Cow Commons.

Timber by Valuation ^.360	10	o

Geo. D'Arville.

James Packer, as to Admeafurement. Tho' Wyatt, as to the Value.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s mod Excellent Majefly. 1808.



La

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*#*****-******#***##*** *t**#*#****^*^*^####*^**t****t**

Cap. 150.

An Aft to confirm and render valid and effeftual a Partition of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Carlow and Kildare, in Ireland, formerly the Eftates of Jeffery Paul Efquire, deceafed,

' [ 3 oth June 18 08. j

WHEREAS by Indentures of Leafe and Releafe, bearing Date indentures of . refpectively the Twenty-firft and Twenty-fecond Days of Fe- Leaft and R«* brnary One thoufand feven hundred and eight, the Releafe dted.&C’ made between James Duke of Ormond and Charles Lord Wejlon. and Earl of Arran, Brother of the faid Duke, of the Firft.Part ; Sir Stephen Fox •Knight, the Right Honourable Edward Southwell Efquire, Richard Miller Gentleman, Edward Nicholas Efquire, and "Thomas Gibfon Gentleman, the Right Honourable Dorothy Countefs Dowager of Arran, in’the Kingdom of Ireland, the Right Honourable Charles Lord Cornwallis, and Charlotte Lady Cornwallis his Wife, of the Second Part; ancf 7eff‘rJ Paul then of Ballyraggan, in the County of Kildare, in Ireland, Efquire, fince ■deceafed, of the Third Part; all that, the Towns and Lands of Part of Rathvilly, containing Five hundred and five Acres Two Roods and Twenty-four Perches, with the Tolls, Profit, and Benefit of the Fairs; the Town and Lands of KnockagliJJie-ie, containing by Eflimation, Five hundred and feventy-nine Acres Two Roods, with Fifty-fix Acres of Bog ; both the Town and Lands of Bogh, otherwife B.ugh, containing by Ef-tiir.ation, Two hundred and thirty-feven Acres Three Roods, in ail One thoufand three hundred and fevemy-eight Acres Three Roods and Twenty-four Perches, Plantation MeTure, more or lefs (except Church or \Loc. y Per.]	32	II	Jtfanor

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 150.

Manor Lands, if any there were), fituate in the Barony of Ratbvilly and County of Carlow, without relarion to Ballfmote, being Part and Parcel of Portrujbin; together with all Walls, Caftles, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, referring to the Duke, his Heirs and Afligns, all Royalties; were duly conveyed and allured unto the faid Jeffery Paul, his Heirs and Afligns for ever, fubjeft to the Payment of the Yearly Rene of One hundred and twenty-fix Pounds One Shilling and Eight-pence for ever, unto the faid Edward Nicholas and ‘■Thomas Gib-fon, their Heirs and Afligns, at the Cattle of Kilkenny, by equal Portions, at the Feafts of Eajler and Saint Michael, clear of Taxds (except Quit Rent, Crown Rent, and Chief Rent, and all other Impofitions on the faid Rent): And whereas by certain other Indentures pf Leafe and Keleafe, bearing Date refpe&ively the Twenty-hfth and Twenty-fixth Days of November One thoufand l'even hundred and nine, the Releafe made between the faid James Duke of Ormond and the faid Charles Lord Wejloit and Eail of Arran, of the Firft Part; the faid Sir Stephen Fox, Edward SouthweH, Richard Miller, Edward Nicholas, and Thomas Gibfon, Dorothy Countefs Dowager of Arran, Charles Lord Cornwallis, and Charlotte Lady Cornwallis, his Wife, of the Second Part $ and the faid Jeffery Paul of the Third Part; all that the Town and Lands ol Knockevagh, containing Four hundred and forty one Acres, Plantation Meafure, be they more or lefs, fituate, lying, and being in the Barony of Rathvilly, in the County of Catherlougb, together with all Cadies and Appurtenances thereto belonging, referving to the Duke all Royalties, vv^re duly conveyed and aflured unto the faid Jeffery Paul, his Heirs ar>d Afligns for ever, iubjeffc to the Payment of the Yearly Rent of Forty-eight Pounds .Nineteen Shillings and Ten-pence, unto the faid Edward Nicholas and Thomas Giljon,, their Heirs ana Afligns, at the Manor Houfe and OafHe of Kilkenny-, by equal Portions, at the Feafts of Eajler and Saint Michael, ciea^of Taxes, except Quit Rent, and Corn Rent, and Chief Kents, and all other Impositions on the faid Rent: And whereas the faid Jeffery Paul (now deceafecf) was in his Life-time alfo feized of, or entitled to, an Eltate in Fee Simple, of and in all thofe Two-thirds of One-fourth Part of the Lands of Ballycollane, retaining Ninety-one Acres and Twenty Perches. Planfaiioh Meafure, fituate in. the Barony of Kilkea and Moone, in the County-of Kilakm \ and alfo of and in all that and thoie the Five Karts of the faid Lands of Bel-lycollane, the Whole in Six Parts to be divided, together with the Lhads of ■Newtown, in the Barcny of Kilkea and Moone aforefaid, containing in the Whole Four hundred and eighty-tveo Acres. One Rood arui Siac Perches, fubjed to a Chiefry of One Pound Six Shillings and £.ipht-pe nee, and a Quit Rent of Eleven Pounds Five Shillings and Five-pence, all which Lands were formerly theProperty of! Alebccmder.Muftaee.atrai n ted for Treafon j and alfo all thofe the feverai Towns and Lands of Rally Huhbart, containing Three hundred and feventy-three Acres.; BaJlyvas, containing Four hundred and twenty Acres ; NarrugbEg,. Bailycargyy arid Tudantjiown, cemaining together Six hundred Acres ; Rathfculidvi^ contain mg One hundred and twenty-two Acres, be the lame more or left, all lying in the Barony of Kilkea and Moone aforeiaid : And whereas the faid Jtff&y Paul being fo feized or intitled in Fee Simple of and in the faid feverai Towns, Lands, and Hereditaments* and undivided Parcs and ‘Shares, herein-before particularly deferibed, duly made and pubhfhed his laft Will and Teftament in Writing, bearing Date the Eighth Day oi Na-ivemher in the Year of our Lord One thoufand feven hundred and twenty, “	_	whereby.

• 480 GEO-RGlI III Cup. 150.

whereby, after giving to his Wife, Jblikabeth PM (finee deceafed), the Sum of Five-hundred Pounds Sterling per Annum during her Life, to be paid her Yearly out of his Heal Eftate, as her Deed of Settlement dire&edv and ordering that, in cafe he ftiould die without III he, all his Debts, Legacies, and Funeral Charges, fhould foe paid immediately after his Deceafe by his Real and Perfonal Eftate» to be fold or mortgsged-as his Ex ecu tort fhould think convenient; he we faid Teftator gave and bequeathed - ail what remained, after paying yearly his faid dear Wife's JointUre, and aH other his Debts as aforefeid, of his Heal and Perfonal Ettate tohfs Brothe^v JeJhua Paul, during his Life, Remainder to the Firft: and other Sons of the faid Joffua fucteftivdy i a Tail-male; and for Default of fueh I flue, and in cafe the faid Teftator fhould happen to die without Ifiue, he gaVe and bequeathed all his Real and Per fond I F.ftate to his Sifters, Miftrefs Rebecca Minchin, Miftrefs Deborah Annecy*, Miftrefs Hannah TVeiV/y thereto, by miftake, called Hannah O* Neale,and Miftrfefs Sarah Meredith, to be divided into Five Parts among them ; Two-fifths he left and gave to his Sifter "Deborah Annejky, and One-fifth to each of the other, of his Three Sifter^ that the faid Eftare fhould be at their own Difpofal to give it among their Children for ever; and all and every -the Lid Taftator’s Eftates thereinbefore limited, were thereby declared to be fubjeft to the Payment of all the feveral Debts and Legacies therein-before ^nd-therein-after mentioned; and after requefting and defiring that his Brother Jojhua Paul, would fell his Poft, and come over to Ireland to live, and giving feme finall pecuniary Legacies, amounting in all tb Ninety Pounds (which were not thereby intended to be charged on his Real Eft ate, but on his Peffonal Eftate only), the faid Teftator appointed the feid Jojhud Paul folc Executor of his fkid Will, and afterwards died on or about the Firft Day of January in the Year One thoufand feven hundred and twenty-one,without revoking or altering the fame, otherwife than by >a Memorandum in Writing, giving a further fmall pecuniary Legacy : And whereas the faid Jo/hita Paul, on or about the Ninth Day of February One thoufand feven hundred and twenty, duly proved the faid Will and Memorandum in Di& Majefty’s Prerogative Court in Ireland: And whereas the faid 'Jeffery Paul died without Ifiue, leaving the laid Jojkua Paul, his Brother and Heir at Law, and his faid Four Sifters, Rebecca Minchin, Deborah AnneJIey, Hannah Neill, and Sarah Meredith, all him' furviving; and.the faid Jo? Jhud Paul, on the Deceafe of the faid Teftator, Jeffery Paul, entered into Polfefiion of the Eftates fo devifed to him for his Life, as aforefaid, and continued in Polfefiion, and in the Receipt of the Rents, Iffues and Profits thereof until the'Time of Ms Deceafe, which happened on or about the Twenty-third Day of July One thoufand feven hundred and fixty-four, when he died without Ifiue, having in his Life Time, as Executor of the laid Jeffery Paul the Teftator, by and out of. his Perfonal Eftate, paid off all his Debts, Legacies and Funeral Expencgs: And whereas by Indentures of Leafe and Releafe, bearing Date reipe&ively the Nineteenth and Twentieth Days of April One thoufand feven hundred and feventy-one, tha Releafe made between Henry Banbury Efquire, John Carden Efquire, eideft Son and Heir at Law of John C rdcn and Rebecca Carden, otherwife Minchin, his Wife, both deceafed; and the Reverend Jofeph Bunburv Clerk, of the Firft Part; Minchin Carden, lJaul Carden, and William Carden Efquire; John Lapjttdkiri Efquire, and P rife ilia Lap-judkin, otherwife’ Carden, his Wife; Hich'.rd Kyffin Efquire, and Hannah Kyffin, otherwife Carden, his Wife; John Strong Efquire, and Mary Strong, 9	otherwife

2g20

GEORGII III. Cap,ljo,

otherwife Carden, his Wife j and Elizabeth Lockwood, other wife Carden, Widow ; Humphrey Mine tin, la re of Butherjlown, in the King's County Efquire; Paul Minchin, elded Son and Heir at Law of George Minchin Efquire, deceafed; Benjamin Hobert Gentleman, and Sophia Robert, other-wife Minchin, his Wife; Sarah Anderfon otherwife Minchin v his Wife, Sarah Anderfon, otherwife Minchin, and Ann Barnard, otherwife Minchin, Widow; Humphrey Minchin Efquire, elded Son and Heir at Law of Paul Minchin Efquire, deceafed, and Heir at Law of Jane Minchin ; Mary Hemfworth, otherwife Minchin ; and Elizabeth Mitchell, otherwife Minchin, deceafed, which faid Paul Minchin and George Minchin, deceafed, Humphrey Minchin Efquire, of Butherjlown, Rebecca Carden, Sarah Anderfon, Ann Barnard, Sophia Robert Jane Minchin, Mary Hemfworth, and Elizabeth Mitchell, were the only Children of the faid Rebecca Minchin, Widow, by Humphrey Minchin of Ballymakil aforefaid, Efquire, deceafed-, of the Second Part; and the Honourable Edward Stratford, elded Son and Heir Apparent of the Right Honourable John Lord Baltinglafs, of the Kingdom of Ireland, of the Third Part; and by Fines fur conuzance de droit come cco, tec. therein covenanted to be, and which were afterwards levied accordingly, after reciting, among other Things, that the faid Jeffery Paul, deceafed, was at the Time of his Qeceafe, feized in Fee Simple of and in the Towns and Lands of Raibviliy, Patrickswell, Bogh, other-wife Bough, Rnocklefoimore, Knocklifhimbegg, and Knockevagh, and of Yearly Fee-farm Rents iffuing out of Barnhill and Cook, fituate, lying, and being in the Barony of Rathvilly, and County of Caiherleugh aforefaid j and of and in the Towns and Lands of Rallivas, Ballybobcrt, otherwife Hoberts-town, and Bally colane, fituate in the Barony of Kilkea and Moone, in the County of Kildare, and of the Rights, Members, Privileges, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging; and that the faid Rebeua Minchin, Deborah Annejley, Hannah Neill,’.and Sarah Meredith, all deceafed, Sifters of the faid Jeffery Paul, became entitled to Eflates in Fee Simple in the faid Towns and Lands, and Fee-farm Yearly Rents aforefaid, expectant on the Deceafe of the faid Jofhua Paul, without IfTue Male, in the following Shares and Proportions (that is to fay): Two undivided Fifth Parts, Shares, or Proportions thereof to the faid Deborah Annejley, her Heirs and Afligns for ever ; One undivided Fifth Part, Share, or Proportion thereof to the faid Rebecca Minchin, her Heirs and Afligns for ever ; One undivided Fifth Part, Share, or Proportion thereof, to the faid Hannah Neilfi her Heirs and Afligns for ever; One undivided Fifth Part, Share or Proportion thereof, to the faid Sarah Meredith, her Heirs and Afligns for ever * and reciting that (lie, the faid Rcbecea Minchin, died on or about the Twelfth Day of January, One thoufand feven hundred and nfty-two ; and that the faid Towns and Lands of Rathvilly, PatrickJ'well, Bogh otherwife Bough,- Knockkfnmore, Knocklijhinebcgg, and Knockevab, were at the Time of the Deceafe of the faid JoJhua Paul, fet to and in the Pofieflion of fe-veral different Tenants, by and under Leafes thereof to* them made, then in being and undetermined, at certainYearly Rents; and the faid Lands of Barnhill and Cook were alfo at the fame Time fet to and in the Poffeflion of other Tenants, by and under Pee-farm Leafes to them made, of certain Yearly Rents iffuing thereout, amounting in the Whole to the Sum of Eight hundred and five Pounds Lighceeu Shillings and Four-pence Yearly, over andabove Quit Rent,Crown Rent,ChicfKent,andallotherR<-ntorKents payable thereout; and that no Partitions or Divifions of the laid Towns or

Lauds,-

Lands, or any Part theft*of, or of faid Fee-farm Rents, had then been riiade between the feveral Pcrfons entitled thereto $ and that ihe faid undivided Fifth Part, Share, or Proportion of the faid Towns and Lands, and of the Fee-farm and other Rents thereout referved and made payable as aforefaid, ot which the faid Rebecca Mincbin was feized, and to which His was entitled as aforefaid, and all her Eftate and Intereft in and to the fame, was then legally veiled in faid Henry Bunbury, Jofeph Bunbwy, John Carden, Mincbin Carden, Paul Carden, William Carden, Prifcilia Carden, Hcnn-h Kyfftn, Alary Strong, Elizabeth Lockwood, Hum-phrey Mincbin, late ofButherjlown, Paul Alincbin, Heir at Law of the faid George Alincbin, Sophia Hob set, Sarah Ar.derfon, Ann Barnard, and Hum-* phrey Alincbin, fieir at Law of them the faid Paul Mincbin, deceafed, cr fome or one of them j it is witnefled, that, for the Confiderations therein expreffed, all that and thofe One undivided Fifih Part.. Share, and Proportion of the faid Towns and Lands of Ratbvilly, PaUickfwell, Bogh, otherwife Bough, Knocklejhimore, Knocklijhinebegg, and Knockevagh ; and alfo One undivivided Fifth Part, Share, or Proportion of the Yearly Fee-farm Rents Bluing out of Barnhill and Coale, fituate, lying, and being in the County of Catherl ugh aforefaid ; and alfo all that and thofe One undivided Fifth Part, Share, or Proportion of the faid Towns and Landa of Ballyvas, Ballyhalert, otherwife Hoberlfiown and Ballycclane, fituate, lying, and being in the County of Kildare aforefaid; ard alfo One undivided Fifth Part, Share, and Proportion of and in the Appurtenances, were duly conveyed and allured unto and to the Ufe of the faid Edivatd Stratford, his Heirs and Affigns for ever : And whereas the faid Edward Stratford afterwards became a Peer of Ireland, by the Title of tRe Earl of Aldborough: And whereas the faid Earl of Aldborough duly made and published his lafl Will and Teflament in Writing, bearing Date the Fifth Day of. Oflober, in the Year One thoufand eight hundred ; and after flat--ing his Reifon for leaving his Wife Ann Eliza, foie Heircfs of all his Real and Perfon?.! Eftate, Goods, Chattels, Stock, Furniture, Books, Paintings, both in Great Britain and Ireland, Leafe and Freehold Lntefefts, Purchases, Carriages, and Horfe-, during the Term of her natural Life, the faid Teftator bequeathed, in Failure of Ilfuein and on the Deceafe cf his faid Wife, to his Nephews, John Wingfield, Charles Bowen, Aldborough HennA ker, Son to the General, and their Heirs, each in due Sncceffibn as named, with ufual Lknirations, each taking and bearing the Name and Arms of Stratford, and in Default thereof, to go to the next Siicceflors, the Whole of his Real, Personal and acquired Property, Houfts, Furniture, Goods, Plate, jewels, and every other Chattel, and*'Valuation, and Reverfion of his Entailed Eftate, in Failure oflffue Male in his B. other and Self: And the faid Teflator afterwards died on or about the Second Day of 'January in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and one, without having revoked or altered his Will, leaving his Wife, the faid Ann Eliza Countefs of Aldborough, him furviving, who, on the Deceafe of her faid Hufband, entered upon and took Pofleffion of his Real and Perfdnal Eftates and ££-feels fo bequeathed to her for her Life 2s aforefaid, and continued in Pof-feffion, and in the Receipt of the Rents, Hides and Profits thereof until the Day of her Deceafe, which happened on the Fourteenth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and two, without ever having had any IfTue : And whereas the faid Deborah Annefiey (the Second Sifter of the faid Tef-tator, 'Jcjfery PaulJ, on the Deceafe of the faid JoJhua Paul, entered upon and took PofTeffion of the faid Two undivided Fifth Parts or Shares \Loc. Per.']	y	S	of

2Q22

48° GE0RG1I III. Cap. 150.

of and in the faid Eftates fo devifed to her by the faid Will of the faid Jeffery Paul, and continued in Pofleflion, and in the Receipt of the Rents, Iffues and Profits thereof, until the Time of her Deceafe: And whereas the faid Deborah Annejley intermarried, in the Life-time of the faid Tef-tator, Jeffery Paul, with Francis Annejley Efquire, and died on or about the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thoufand feven hundred and fixty-one, leaving Two Children by her faid Hufband {videlicet), Deborah Doyne, (then the Wife of Robert Doyne Efquire), and Hannah Spring (then the Wife of Thomas Spring Efquire), her furviving, but without having made any Appointment or Dilpofition of her faid Two undivided Fifth Parts or Shares of and in the fame Eltates among!! her faid Children, which, on her Deceafe, defccnded to, and rhe faid Deborah Doyne, and Hannah Spring became feized thereof in Fee Simple, in equal Moieties, underand by virtue of'the Limitations contained in the faid Will of the faid Jeffery Paul, deceafed : And whereas the faid Deborah Doyne, on the D<-ceafe of her Mother, the laid Deborah Annejley, entered upon and took Polfeflion of the faid One undivided Fifth Part or Share of and in the fame Eftates whereof lhe became fo feized as aforefaid, and continued in Polfeflion, and in the Receipt of the Rents, Iflues, and Profits thereof, until the Time of her Deceafe : And whereas the faid Deborah Doyne intermarried with Robert Doyne, of Wells, in the County of Wexford Efquire, fince deceafed, and afterwards died on or about the Fourth Day of March, in the Year One thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, inteliate, where upon her undivided Fifth Part or Share of and in the fame Eltates defended upon Robert Doyne, late of Wells, in the County of Wexford Efquire, her eldeft Son and Heir at Law, who, upon her Deceafe, entered upon and continued in Pofleflion, and in the Receipt of the Rents, Ifliies, and Profits thereof, until the Time of his Death : And whereas the faid Robert Doyne, the Son, duly made and publiflied his laft Will and Tefta-ment in Writing, bearing Date on or about the Third Day of September, in the Year One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, and thereby, after difpofing of certain Eftates (being no Part of the Eftates of the Lid Jeffery Paul deceafed), gave and bequeathed unto his Wife, Mary Doyney~ and Executrix, all the Reft, Refidue and Remainder of all and fingular his Eftates, Goods, and Chattels, wherever he had any Power the^i or thereafter, and not therein fpecifically difpofed of and bequeathed ; and the faid Teftator afterwards died on or about the Firft Day of December, in the Year One thoufand fevon hundred and ninety-three, without revoking or altering his faid Will, leaving his Widow, the laid Mary Doyne, him furviving, who on the Deceafe of her faid Hulband, entered upon and took Polfeflion of the laid undivided Fifth Part or Share of and in the fame Eftates fo devifed by his iaid Will as aforefaid, and hath ever fince continued and now is in Pofleflion, and in the Receipt of the Rents, Iflues, and Profits thereof: And whereas the faid Hannah Spring, the other Daughter of the faid Deborah Annejley, on her Deceafe, entered upon and took Pofleflion of the faid undivided Fifth Part or Share of and in the fame Eftates, whereot (he became Io feized as aforefaid, and continued in Pofleflion, and in the Receipt-of the Rents, I flues, and Profits thereof, until the Time of her Deceafe : And whereas the faid Hannah Spring died on or about the Fifteenth Day of July, in the Year One thoufand ftven hundred and eighty-feven, inteftate as to her Real Eftates, leaving her Grand-daughter, Catherine Rice (the Wife of Stephen Edward Rice), her'

• ihere-nd ihe

ihr, in yo king {,

a and

in rt» -lines Elects,

: other on arid in ik lirnitj

itfeoff

,(iied

’icven

■r btf

W

4.3“ GEORGII III. Cap.It,6.

Heir at Law, htr fur vising: And whereas the faid Stephen Edward Rice intermarried with the laid Catherine Rice; and the faid Stephen Edward Rice and Catherine his Wife, on the Deceafe of the faid Hannah Spring, entered u^on and took Poflelfion of her faid undivided Fifth Part or Share of and in the fame Eftates ; and by Two Fines fur conuzance de droit come ceo, et cetera, and by an indenture of Bargain and Sale, bearing Date the Seventh Day of Auguf One thoufand feVen hundred and ninety-eight, and duly inmlled in the Court of Common Pleas in Ireland, the fame One undivided Fifth Part or Share now fhnds limited to fuch Ufe and Ufes as the faid Stephen Edward Rice, and Catherine his Wife, Ihould by Deed appoint, and until 3nd in Default of fuch Appointment, to the TJfe of the faid Catherine, her Heirs and Aligns for ever ; And whereas the faid Hannah Neill (the Third Sifter of the faid Jeffery Paul deceafed) intermarried, in his Life-time, with Benjamin Neill Cl rk, and afterwards died, on or about the Second Lay of D cember in the Year One thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three, in the Life-time* of the faid JoJhua Paul, the Brother of the faid Teftator, leaving only Two Children by her faid Hufband (videlicet), Martha Lady Baltinglafs (then the Wife of John Lord Baltinglafs), and Deborah Bailey, her furviving, but without having made any Appointment or Difpofuion of her faid One undivided Fifth Part or Share of and in the fame Eftates fo devifed to her by the faid Will of the faid Jeffery Paul deceated, as aforefaid, amongft her laid Children : And whereas, on the Deceafe of the faid Hannah Neill, the Intereft of the faid Hannah Neill, in One undivided Tenth Part or Share of and in the fame Eftates, defeended to, and devolved upon, the faid Martha Lady Baltinglafs, as one of the Two Daughters of the faid Hannah Neill; but the laid Hannah Neill having in her Life-time, made fome Appointment thereof in Favour of the faid Edward Earl of Aldborough, under which the faid Edward Earl of Aldborough had taken Poflellion thereof, the faid Edward Earl of Aldborough was permitted by his Mother, the faid Martha Lady Baltinglafs, to enjoy the fame during her Life-time ; and on the Death of the faid Martha Lsdv Baltiglafs, without having made any effe&ual Devife thereof, the fame defeended upon the faid Edward Earl of Aldborough, her eldeft Son and Heir at Law : And whereas the faid John Wingfield Stmt-ford, in Conformity to the Dire&ions of the faid recited Will of the faid Edward Earl of Aldborough, deceafed, did, in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and three, obtain His Majeftv’s Royal Licence to aftume and take the Surname and Arms of Stratford, and he hath fince the obtaining the faid Licence, been called by the Name of Stratford, and borne the faid Arms; and the faid John Wingfield Stratford is now, under and by virtue of the Limitations contained in the fame Will, and by common Recoveries duly fulfered, feized in Fee Simple of Three undivided Tenth Parts or Shares of and in the fame Eftates, and hath, ever fince the Deceafe of the faid Am Eliza Countefs of Aldborough, been in Pofleflion, and in the Receipt of the Rents, UTues, and Profits thereof: And whereas, on the Deceafe of the laid Hannah Neill, the other undivided Tenth Part or Share of and in the lame Eftates, defeended to, and devolved upon, the faid Deborah Bailey, her other Daughter, who thereupon became entitled to theFee Simple and Inheritance thereof,and to the Receipt of the Rents, Iftues, and Profits thereof: And whereas the faid Deborah Bailey afterwards intermarried with Henry P ret //V E fq u i r e, w h o died on or^bout the Tenth Day of January in the Year One thoufand feven hundred

3923

4-8* GEORGII III. Cap. i56.

clred and feventy ; and the faid Deborah P ret tie afterward* dulv made and publiftied her lad Will and Teftament in-Writing, bearing Dire on or about the T-Aenrv-fixth Day of September, in the Year One thoufand feven hundred and fevenry-two ; and thereby, after difpofing of Part of her Eff'e&s in Manner therein mentioned, bequeathed all the Reft and Remainder of ait her Real and Perfona! Fortune, not otherwife difpofed of by her faid Will, to her Son, John Bailey Efquire, to be given by him to his Son, Henry Bailey, or, in cafe he Ihould die before, to any Child he thougut fit; and the faid Teftatrix appointed her Son, Henry Pretlie,^ Executor of her faid Will, and afterwards died, on or about the Fifth Day of February, One thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, without revoking or altering1 her faid Will, otherwife than by a Codicil giving feveral pecuniary Legacies, leaving the faid John Bailey, her Heir tLaw, her furviving : And whereas, by Indentures of Le fe and Releafe, bearing Date refpe&ively on or about the Fifth and Sixth Days of July, in the Year One thouufcid eight hundred anti two, the Rdeafe made be* tween the faid Henry Bailey, of the Firft Part; the faid John Bailey, of the Second Part; and James Blacker of the Third Parr; the faid undivided Tenth Part or Share late of her the faid, Deborah Prcttie, of and in the fame Eftates, andfo bequeathed by her faid Will as aforefaid, was duly conveyed and alfuied by the faid Henry Bailey and John Bailey unto and to the Ufe of the faid James Blacker, his Heirs and Afiigns for ever, who is now in Poffellion, and in Receipt of the Rents, limes, and Profits thereof: And whereas the faid Sarah Meredith, the (Fourth Sifter of the faid Jeffery Paul), on the Death of the faid JoJhua Paul, entered upon and took Poifefiion of the faid One undivided Fifth Part or Share of aiid in the faid Eftates fo deviled to her by the faid Will of the faid Jeffery Paul, and continued in Poffeffion, and in the Receipt of the Rents, Iifues, and Profits thereof until the Time of her Deceafe : And whereas the faid Sarah Meredith intermarried, in the Life-time of the Teftator, Jeffery Paul, with Richard Meredith Efquire, who died on or about the Second Day of May, in the Year One thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three; and the faid "Sarah Meredith, after his Deceafe, duly made and publilhed her laft Will and Teftament in Writing, bearing Date on or about the Fourteenth Day of Septetnber One thoufand feven hundred and fix*y-five; and after giving certain Legacies, gave and bequeathed ail the Reft and Refidue of her Eftate, Effects, and Foitune, ot what Nature or Kind fo-ever, unto her Son, JoJhua Meredith, and appointed the faid JoJhua Meredith Executor of her faid Will; and the faid Teftatrix afterwards died, ■on or about the Third Day of April in the Year One thoufand feven hundred and feventy, without revoking or altering her faid Will, other-wife than by feveral Codicils, which only affected her Perfonal Eftate, leaving the faid JoJhua Meredith, her only Son and I Jeir at Law, her furviving : And whereas the faid JoJhua'Mereditht on the Deceafe of his Mother, the laid Sarah Meredith, entered upon and took Pofteftion of the faid One undivided Fifth Part or Share of and'in the fame Eftates where, of he became fo feized as aforefaid, and continued in Poffeffion, and in the Receipt of the Rents, Iffues, and Profits thereof, till the Time of his Deceafe: And whereas the faid JoJhua Meredith having intermarried with Sufannah Meredith, duly made and publilhed his laft Will and Teftament Writing, bearing Date on or about the Twenty-fifth Day of Au*vjl in 10	the

'•m

•a*

n&aj at he id Re

lid of |o to

ild ho

<Xx.

:F*h

Krda, Caditil 5 Her Wait, tfjW, adobe*

% aid un* ofitui

J »MD it net, «1 Pro-xfcoi ai upon toiiid

Jfirj

;iiks, the laid )#7 xccod three i biiihed iu! the

•j*S«i ,:Riod jnd to* 'll ddf' idled, ieven iithef* ifcte, 3 lot* -i Moot tht

tbi®

;td*

of hit «ith linen1

4S0 GEORG 11 III. Cap. 150.

the Year One thoufand feven hundred and i'evemy ; and thereby gave to his Coufuv Francis Annejley Hughes Efquire, and to his Friend Henry Beiagh Gentleman, and their Heirs, all his Eftates, Leafes for Lives,Freeholds, and Chattels real, in the Counties of Carlow, Kildare, King’s County, and County of the City of Dublin, or elfewhere, and all other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whereof he was, or at the Time of his Death fhould be, feized, of any Eftare of Freehold, in Poffeflion, Reversion, or Remainder, in Trull, and to the Ufes, Intents, and Purpofes therein-after mentioned, (that is to fay) ; to the Ufe of his Wife for her Life, if (lie fhould fo long continue- a Widow j and from and after her Death or Marriage, which fhould firfl happen, to the Ufe of his Son, JoJhua Paul Meredith, for his natural Life, without Impeachment of Wafle ; Remainder to his faid Truftees, in Truft, to preferve contingent Remainders during the Life of the faid JoJhua Paul Meredith ; Remainder to the Ufe of the Firfl and other Sons of the faid JoJhua Paul Me-rediih,2LT\d their Heirs in Tail-male in SuccefTion*.according to Seniority ; and for Default of iuch IiTue, to the Ufe of the Daughters of the faid JoJhua Paul Meredith, as Tenants in Common, and their Heirs ; and for Want of fuch Blue, to the faid TeftatoPs Daughters, Sarah, Ifabella, and Margaret, in Three equal Shares to be divided, for their refpeftive Lives ; with Remainder to the Ufe of the faid Truftees, and their Heirs, to preferve contingent Remainders during the Life of fuch Daughters, feverally and refpe&ively, yet to permit his faid Daughters to take the Profits of their refpe&ive Shares during their refpective Lives; and from and after their refpective Deaths, the Share of the Daughter fo dying, to the Ufe and Behoof of their refpective Firfl and other Sons, and their Heirs in Tail-male ; and for Default of fuch lflue, to the Iflue Female, as Tenants in Common, and to their Heirs; and for Default of fuch Blue of any of them, the Share of fuch Daughter to be to the Ufe of fuch other of the faid Daughters, or their Iflue, as shall be entitled to the Share appoin:ed for fuch other Daughter, and for fuch Eftates as aforefaid; and for Default of fuch Blue of all his faid Daughters, to the Ufe of the faid Teftator’s Sifter Dame Margaret Burton, and her Heirs, or fuch Perfon ns fhould at the Time of the faid Teftator’s Deceafe, be her right Heir : And the faid Teftator, by a Codicil to his faid Will, duly executed and attefted, bearing Date the Eighteenth Day of July One thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, after taking Notice that his faid Daughter Margaret had married Stephen Rice Efquire, againft his Confent, declared that his Will was, that if his Real or Freehold Eftates, 6r any Part thereof, fhould, by virtue of the Remainders limited by his faid Will, come to his faid Daughter Margaret during the Life of her prefent Hulhand, that the fame fhould be and remain to her foie and feparare Ufe, wherein her faid Hufband fhould have no Ufe, Eftate, or Benefit, or Power to demife or difpofe; and that her Receipts alone, and none other, fhoyld be fufficient Difcharges for the Rents, Blues, and Profits of the fame during the joint Lives of her and her faid Hufband: And the faid Teftator afterwards died, on or about the Firfl Day of February, in the Year One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, without revoking or altering his faid Will and Codicil, otherwife than by a further Codicil, thereby revoking an Annuity and Legacy thereby given: And whereas Sufannab Meredith, the Widow of the faid Teftator Jofbua Meredith, died on or about the Fifteenth Day of November, in the Year One thoufand feven hundred and [Loc. & Per-}	32	T	ninety-

2925

2^:6

48'GIORGII III. Cap. 150.

minety*nine, having been in Receipt of the Rents, IfTues, and Profits of the faid Eftate fo devifed by his faid Will as aforefaid, to the lime of her Deceafe; .and upon her Death, the faid JoJhua Paul Meredith became feized of an Eftate for Life, of and in the laid undivided Fifth Part .of the faid Eftate fo devifed by the Will of the faid JoJhua Meredith: And whereas the faid JoJhua Paul Meredith hath I (file Two Children now living ('videlicet), JoJhua Paid Meredith, and Sufannah, both now Infants, under the Age of Twenty-one Years.} and which faid Sufannah hath lately intermarried with, and is now the Wife of Charles Burton Efquire, •who is of full Age : And whereas the faid Sarah Meredith, One of the Three Daughters of the faid Teftator JoJJnia Meredith, is How living, and intermarried with Charles Dowling Medhcott. and has Iflue one Son, James Dowling Mcdlicott, of full Age : And whereas rhe faid Jfabella Meredith, One other of the Three D ughters of the faid Teftator Jofoua Meredithy intermarried with Jofeph Wright Efquire, and died feveral Years ago, without having ever had any IfTue : And whereas the faid Margaret Meredithy One other of the Three Daughters of the laid Teftator JoJhua Meredith, intermarried with Stephen Rice Lfquire, and hath IfTue by him, now living. One Son, Jofloua Rice Efquire, of full Age; and the faid Stephen Pace having died feveral Years ago, the faid Margaret intermarried with Robert Power Efquire, fince deceafed, and by whom (lie had no IfTue: And whereas by Articles of Agreement bearing Date the Firft Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and five, and made between the faid John 111ngfield Stratford, of the Firft Part; the faid James Blacker, of the Second Part: the faid Mary Doyne of the Third Part; the faid Jofoua Paul Meredith the elder, of the fourth Part; and tire faid Stephen Edward Rice, and Catherine Rice, his Wife, of the Fifth Part: Reciting, that great Inconveniencies exifted from the laid Effaces (all which faid Eftates are fet forth in the Second Schedule to this A£t annexed) being holden in common among fo many different Proprietors, and that it would conduce much to the Improvement of the faid Eftates, and be greatly for the Benefit of all Parties interefted therein, if a juft and equal Partition were had thereof, according to thrir feveral Rights and Interefts : And reciting, that all Parties were defirous to have an equal Partition made of the faid Eftates, according to their re-fpe&ive Eftates and Inteiefts therein ; and for that Purpofe had, at their joint Expence, according to their refpe&ive Eftates and lnterefts therein, employed Arthur Nevill Efquire, Land Surveyor, to view, examine, and value the Whole of the faid Eftatrs, nnd to furvey fuch Parts thereof as were let, on determinable Leafes, fo as to form a juft ana accurate Scheme and Valuation thereof, according to the Quantity, Quality, and Value ; and accordingly that he the faid Arthur Nevill had made a Survey of all fuch Pans of the faid Eftates as were then held upon determinable Leafes, and had made an Eftimate of the Value of fuch particular Denomination, deducing the 'Value of the fubfifting Tenures therein, as alfo all fuch Parts of the faid Eftates as were held by Tenancies from Year to Year, and of all fuch Parts of the faid Eftates as were then held at Perpetual Rents, created under Detnifes therein-before executed by the faid Jeffery Paul; and having fo furveyed and eftimated the faid Eftates, had, .at the Inftance of the Parties, and for their general Accommodation divided the lame into Five different Lots or JJivifions, diftinguifhmg the Xmie by different Numbers to each Denomination or Lot, the Number of

Acres

4§ft GEORGII III. Cap. 150.

Acres contained in each Denomination, and the eflimated Value thereof'by the Acre, making due Allowances for the Value of the exifting Leafe thereof; a Scheme of which Valuation and Allotment, as made by the faid Arthur Nmill, had been infpe&ed and approved by all the faid Parties, and a Copy thereof was thereunto annexed, figned by all Parties; and it was thereby covenanted and agreed by and between ail the laid Parties, that Five feveral Lots or Numbers, correfpondirg with the Numbers in the faid Scheme or Allotment, fliould be, within the Space of Three Months, written on Scrips or Scrolls of Paper or Parchment, and that One of the fiid Numbers or Lots fhould be drawn out by the faid John Wingfield Stratford; One other at the faid Lots or Numbers fhould be drawn out by the faid John tying fold Stratford and James Blacker, or one of them, for hinlfelf and the oth r of them ; One other of the faid Numbers by the faid Mary Doyne One other of the faid Numbers by the faid Stephen Edward Rice and Catherine his Wife ; and One other of the faid Numbers by the Lid Jfcfuua Paul Meredith the elder on Behalf of himfelf and his Son the laid Jf.ua Paul Meredith the younger ; and that the faid Denominations of the laid Lands eomprifed in the Scheme, Valuation, and Allotment thereunto annexed, and which are fet forth in the Firft Schedule to this Act annexed, and correfponding with the faid Numbers or Lots fo to be drawn as aforefaid., fliould be deemed, accepted, and taken as the Part or Share of the Per-fon or Perfons fo drawing the fame, to be he'd in Severalty, and to be conveyed in due Form of Law, according to their refpective Effaces and Interefts therein ; and as to the Number to be drawn, by the faid John Wingfield Stratford and James Blacker, as aforefaid, it was thereby covenanted and agreed, in order to Pave Trouble and Expence $o the Parties, by making unneceffary Sub-denominations of ail the faid Effates into Ten Parts, that the faid Number fhould be accepted and taken by them in full Satisfaction, and in lieu of the Two Tenth Parts of the faid Eflates to which they are entitled under the faid Hannah Neill, in Manner afore laid ; and it was thereby covenanted and agreed, that regular Deeds of Conveyance, and all necefijary Affurances in the Law, whether by Fine, Recovery, or othertvife, fuch as Counsel fliould advife neceflary for effectuating and conrp’eting the faid Partition fo to be made, as far as the Parties could effectuate the lame, fhould be prepared and executed with all due Difpatch; and that fuch Deeds and Affurances fhould contain the feveral neceffary Covenants and Conveyances for completing the fame, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof; and that the faid divided Shares of all the faid Parties fo to be conveyed and affured as aforefaid, fliould remain to the fame Uffs, Trufts, and Incumbrances to which the undivided Shares were fubject, and none other, and fliould be conveyed accordingly : And reciting, that the faid Eflates were fubjeCt to certain ChLf and Crown Rents, and which had been afcertained by the faid Scheme and Allotment thereunto annexed, at Thirty-fix Pounds Six Shillings and Eleven-pence Three Farthings for each Fifth Part of faid Estates : It was thereby covenanted and agreed upon and by all the faid Parties, that each of them would, at all 'l imes thereafter, pay their re-fpe&ive Shares of the faid Chief and Crown Rents, according to their Proportions aforefaid, and that due Provifoes in that Behalf fliould be made in the Deeds of Partition to be executed by the laid Parties., in pursuance thereof: And reciting, that on Account of the Minority of the faid Jofhua Paul Meredith the younger, no effectual Partition of the faid Lands could be made without a Special Aft of Parliament for that Purpofe:

4-8‘GEORGII III. dl/. 150.

It was/herefore, thereby covenanted, con eluded, and agreed on, that, as early as could be in the then next Sefiion of Padiament, an Application fhould be made to the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for an Aft of Parliament to confirm and effeftuate the faid Partition fo thereby agreed on, notwithftanding the Minority of the faid Jojhua Paul Meredith the younger; and that the d:vided Fifth Share of the faid Jofhua Paul Meredith, and Jojhua Paul Meredith, his Son, after fuch Partition, might be fettled to the fame Ufes as their undivided Fifth Share of the faid Eftates were at prefent fubjeft to ; and it was thereby covenanted, concluded, and agreed upon by all the Parties to thefe Pre-fenis. that the whole Expences of the faid Partition, including as well the Expence of the faid Survey and Valuation fo made by the faid Arthur Nevill as atorefaid, as aifo of the faid Agreement, and all other Deeds and Affurances for carrying the fame into complere Efteft, and aifo the Expences of procuring the faid Aft of Parliament, fhould be borne by all the faid Parties, rateably according to their feve al Shares of the faid Eftate; and that Sir John White, their Agent and Receiver of the Rents of the faid Eftafes, fhould be at Liberty, and was thereby authorized, to appropriate a Sum of Money out of the Rents of the faid Eflates, not exceeding Six hundred Pounds, for the Purpofe aforefaid, in the following Proportions (that is to fay), the Sum of One hundred Pounds to the faid Arthur Nevill, for all Expences of his aforefaid Survey, Scheme, Valuation, and Allotment ; and the Sum of Five hundred Pounds to the Solicitor of all the faid Parties, for all the other Expences of the faid Partition, including the Expence of foliciting and procuring the faid Aft of Parliament: Provided always, that nothing therein contained (hould be conifrued to communicate to any of the Tenants in Poffelfion of the faid Eflates, any other or further Intereft in their refpeftive Tenures than they are at prefent entitled unto : And whereas the faid feveral Lots were impartially, and to the entire Satisfaction of all the faid Parties to the faid Articles of Agreement of the Firft Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and .five, drawn by them in the M nner and Form mentioned and preferibed in and by fuch Articles; and upon fuch drawing, the Lot marked in the Fir It Schedule to this Aft,' Lot III. was drawn by the faid John Wingfield Stratford, as his feparate Lot, Share or Divifion of the f.iid Eflates, and was accepted by him in lieu and full Satbfaftion of his faid undivided Fifth Part or Share, to which he was entitled in Right of the faid Rebecca Minchin, deceafed, as aforefaid, to be thenceforth holden bv him in Severalty, fubjeft to the Yearly Rent of Thirty-fix Pounds SixShilingsand Eleven-penceThree Farthings for Chief and Crown Rents, being One Fifth Part of the Chief and Crown Rents payable out of the Whole Inflates •, and the Lot marked in the faid Firft Schedule to this Aft, Lot II. was drawn by the faid John Wingfield Stratford and the faid James Blacker, as their f parate Lot, Share, or Divifion of the faid Eftates, and was accepted by them in lieu and full Satisfaction of the One Fifth, or Two undivided Tenth Parts or Shares thereof, to which the faid John Wingfield Stratford and James Blacker were refpeftivcly entitled in Right of the faid Hannah Neill, deceafed, as aforefaid, to be thenceforth holden by them in Severalty fiom the other Shares of the fame Eftates, fubjeft in like Manner to the Yearly Sum of Thirty-fix Pounds Six Shillings and Eleven-pence ThreeFarthings, for their Proportion of the Chief and Crown Rents payable our of the Whole of the fame Eftates; .and the Lot marked in the faid Firft Schedule to this Aft, Lot V. was

drawn

2929

4-8° GEORG 11 III. Cap. iso.

drawn by the faid Mary Boyne, as her feparate Lot, Share, or Divifion of the fame Eftates, and was accepted by her in lieu and full Satisfaction of her One undivided Fifth Part or Share thereof, to be thenceforth holden by her in Severalty, fubjeft in like Manner to the Yearly Sum of Thirty-fix Poonds Six Shillings and Eleven-pence Three Farthings for her Proportion of the Chief and Crown Rents payable out of the whole Eftates; and the Lot marked in the laid Firft Schedule to this Aft, Lot I. was drawn by the faid Stephen Edward Rice, on Behalf of himfeif and the laid Catherine his Wife, as their refpeftive feparate Lot, Share, or Divifion of the faid Eftates, and was accepted by them in lieu and full Sati-faftion of their One undivided Fifth Part or Share thereof, to be thenceforth held by them in Severalty, fubjeft alfo to the Yearly Sum of Thirty-fix Pounds Six Shillings and Eleven-pence Three Farthings,payable thereout, as their Proportion of the Chief and Crown Rents payable out of the whole Eftates as aforefaid ; and the Lot marked in the faid Firft Schedule to this Aft, Lot IV. was drawn by the faid JoJhua Paul Meredith the elder, on Behalf of himfeif and the faid JoJhua Paul Meredith the younger, his Son, as their feparate Lot, Share, or Divifion of the faid Eftates, ant! was accepted by them in lieu and full Satisfaction of their One undivided Fifth Part or Share thereof, to be thenceforth held by them in Severalty, fub-jeft alfo to the like Yearly Sum of Thirty-fix Pounds Six Shillings and Eleven-pence Three Farthings, payable thereout, as their Proportion of the Chief and Crown Rents, being One Fifth Part of the Chief and Crown Rents payable out of the fame Eftates as aforefaid : And whereas the fe-veral Allotments andDivifions made by the faid Arthur Ntvill 'and where* of Lots were fo drawn as aforefaid) are to the entire Satisfaftion of all the faid Parties to the faid Articles dated the Firft Day of Nove?nber One thoufand eight hundred and five; and are refpeftively contented to abide thereby: And whereas it will be of great Benefit and Advantage to the feveral Parties interefted in the Premises, that the faid Partitions and Di-vifions fhould be eftablifhed and confirmed, but by Reafon of the Infancy of the faid JoJhua Paul Merediih the Son, the lame cannot be eft'efted without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: Wherefore Your Tvla-jefty’s moft dutiful and loyal Subjefts the faid John Wingfield Stratford,

Janies Blacker, Mary Boyne, Stephen Edward Rice, and Catherine his Wife,

JoJhua Paul Meredith the elder, on Behalf of himfeif and the faid JoJhua Paul Meredith the younger, his Inlant Son, Charles Burton junior, on Behalf of himfeif and the faid Sufannah Burton his Wife, Sarah Medlicott,

James Dowling Medlicott, Margaret Power, and JoJhua Rice, do moft humbly befeech Your Majefty, that it may be enafted ; and be it enacted, by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Con-lent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid Ar- Article* of tides of Agreement, bearing Date the Firft Day of November One thou- A-e-m n't fand eight hundred and five, and all and every the Agreements, Claufes, C0X;flrmed* Matters, and Things therein and thereby entered into, agreed upon, and contained, fhall be, and the fame are hereby ratified and confirmed.

II. And be it further enafted by the Authority aforefaid, That the faid Confirming feveral Partitions, Diviftons, and Allotments of the faid feveral Towns, tl,e A" ,l* -Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments fo devifed by the faid Jeffery Paul SdwUn thT as aforefaid, and which are now valued at an annual Rent of Three thou- Firtt Schsduls-fand fivft hundred Pounds Four Shillings and Feux-pence Halfoer.ny, and [Lie. & Per.']	32	£/	“	as

*93<»

48° GEORGII III. Cap. f$o.

as the fame now appear to be divided, parted, and feparated, in and bjt ihe i:\id ; ..ft Schedule to this Aft hereunto annexed, ftiall be, and the fame aie hereby ratified and confirmed, and {hall be good, valid, and ef* feclu.«i in the Law to all Intents and Purpofes.

Ailotrncnt^0? ;ii. &nd he it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That all thofe dr .. U1 "l ow s. Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, fituate, lying, ana being L*'1 1. °; th: in the Coun y of Carlow, in Ireland, called Bough Divifion, and now in lr Schedule. ^ j emire or Occupation of the Keprefentatives of Paul Mlncbin, de-ceafed, his Under Tenants or Afligns, and containing by EftimationTwo hundred and Forty-nineAcres One Rood and Thirty one Perches, or thereabout^ ; and all that Part of Rathvilly annexed to and included in the faid Divifion, held by William Ratvfon, containing Fourteen Acres and Twenty-nine Perches in the faid County of Carlow; and alfoall that Part of Rathvilly held by the Representatives of the faid Paul Mincbin, containing Seventeen Acres Two Roods and Five Perches, being the Towns, Lands, and Hereditaments fpecified and deferibed in the faid Lot marked I. of the faid Firft Schedule to this Aft annexed ; and all and fmgular Houfes, Ourihoufes, Edifices, Buildings, Barns, Stables, Yards, Waftes, Commons, Trees, Furzes, Woods, Underwoods. Ways, Waters, Wa-tercourfes. Liberties, Privileges, Eafements, Profits, Commodities, Emoluments, Hereditaments, and Appurtenances whatfoever, to the faid Towns, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments belonging, or in anywife appertaining; and the Reverfion and Reversions, Remainder and Remainders, Yearly and other Rents, Iflues, and Profits, of all and fmgular the fame Towns, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, fhall from and after the pafting of this Aft, be fettled, limited, and allured, and ftiall go and remain to the Ufes, upon and for the Trufts, Intents, and Purposes, and with, under, and fubjeft to the Powers, Provifoes, and Declarations to, for, upon, with, under, and fubjeft to which the faid One undivided Fifth Part or Share in which the faid Stephen Edward Rice, and Catherine his Wife, became interefted in and entitled to in Right of the faid Hannah Spring, deceafed, as aforefaid, of and in the faid Eftates and Hereditaments devifed by the faid Will of the faid Jeffery Paul, deceafed, did (land limited and fettled at or immediately before the palling of this Act, fubjeft only, neverthelefs, to the Payment of the Yearly Sum of Thirty-fix Pounds Six Shillings and Eleven-pence Three Farthings, as their Proportion of the Chief Rents and Crown Rents payable out of the Whole of the faid Eftates.

Allotment «>f IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforefaid. That all thofe def-rlbed'm Towns, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, lituate, lying, and being in Lot 11. oi the the County of Carlow, in Ireland, and now in the Tenure or Occupation of Fir .'i Schedule, the Reprefentatives pi William Lindon. hisUnderTenants or Afligns,and containing by Eftimation Four feveral Parcels of One hundredand ninety-one AcresTwo Roods andTwelve Perches, and Seventy Acres and Nine Perches, and One Acre and Thirty-fix Perches, and Two Acres One Rood and Seven Perches, making in the WholeTwo hundred and fixty-five Acres and Twenty-four Perches, or thereabouts ; and being the Towns, Lands, and Hereditaments fpecified and deferibed in the faid Lot marked II. of the faid Firft Schedule to this Aft annexed; and all and fingular, Houfes, Out-houfes. Edifices, Buildings, Barns, Stables, Yards, Waftes, Commons, Trees, Furzes, Woods, Underwoods, Ways, Waters, Watercourfes, Liberties, Privileges, Eafements, Profits, Commodities, Emoluments., Hereditaments,

48* GEORGII III. Cifii$o.	2931'

taments, and Appurtenances whatfoever, to the faid Towns, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments belonging, or in anywife appertaining ; and the Reverfion and Reverfions, Remainder and Remainders, Yearly and other Rents, Hues, and Profits, of all and Angular the fame Towns*

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, (hall, from and after the palling of this Ad, be fettled, limited, and allured, and (hall go and rema n to the Ufes, upon the Trulls, Intents, and Purpofes, and with, under, and fubjeft to the Powers, Provifoes, and Declarations to. for, upon, with, under, and fubjeft to which, the laid One undivided Fifrh, or the Two undivided Tenth Parts, or Shares of them, t he laid John Win*field Stratford and James Blacker, of and in the faid EHates and Hereditaments de-vifed by the faid Will of the faid Jeffery Paul, deceafed, did Hand limited and fettled, at, or immediately before the palling of this Act ; fubjeft ne-verthelefs to the Payment of the Yearly Sum of Thirty-fix Pounds Six Shillings and Eleven-pence Three Farthings, as their Proportion of the Chief Rents and Crown Rents payable out of the Whole of the faid Ellates.

V. And be it further enafted by the Authority aforefaid, T^hat all thofe Allotment of Towns, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, fituate,. lying, and being fc^d^Lot in the County of Carlow, in Ireland, and now in the Tenuie or Occu- in. of the pation of William Rawfion Efquire, his Under Tenants or Affigns, and con- ft Schedule* taini g by Eftimadon One hundred and eleven Acres One Rood and Four Peaches, or thereabouts ; and all that Parc of Coolf, containingOne hundred and feventy-eight Acres Three Roods and Fourteen Perches,’ now in the Pofieflion of	Newton,	under a Leafe for ever; and all that Part of

Knockevagh held by the faid Wiliam Rawfion, containing Sixty-feven Acres One Rood and T wenty-five Perches; and alfo all that other Part of Knockevagh held by the faid William Rawfion, and others, Tenants at Will, containing One hundred and feventy-nine Acres One Rood and Seventeen Perches, being the Towns,Lands, and Hereditaments fpecified and deferibed in the faid Lot marked III. of the faid Firft Schedule to this Aft annexed ; and all and Angular Houfes, Outhoufes, Edifices, Buildings,Barns,

Stables, Yards, Waites, Commons, 'frees, Furzes, Woods, Underwoods,

Ways, Waters, Watercourfes, Liberties, Privileges, Ealeinents, Profits, Commodities, Emoluments, Hereditaments, and Appurtenances whatfoever, to the faid Towns, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments belonging,, or in any wife appertaining; and the Reverfion and Reverfions, Remainder and Remainders, Yearly and other Rents, Hues, and Profits, of all and Angular the fame Towns, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments,

(hall, from and after the pafFmg of this Aft, be fettled, limited, and af-fured, and fhu.ll go and remain to the Ufes, upon and for the Trulls, Intents, and Purpofes, and with, under, and fubjeft to the Powers, Provi-foes, and Declarations, ro, for, upon, with, under, and fubjeft to which, the faid One undivided Fifth Part of the Share of the faid John Wingfield Stratford, of and in the faid Ellates and Hereditaments deviled by the faid Will of the faid Jeffery Paul, deceafed, did Hand Unfitted and fettled ac, or immediately brfore the palling of this Aft; fubjeft only, neverthelefs, to the Payment of the Yearly Sum of Thirty-fix Pounds Six Shillings and Eleven-pence Three Farthings, as his Proportion of the Chief Rents and Crown Rents payable out cf the Whole of the faid Ellates.

VI. And be fit further enafted by the Authority aforefaid, That all thofe Towns, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, fituate, lying, and fciibcdin Lot

*93*

48’ GEORG 11 HI. Cap. 150.

being In the County of Carlow, in Ireland,, now in the Tenure or Occupation of William Rawfon, and others, and his Under Tenants or Afligns, and containing by Eftimation One hundred and twenty Acres Two Roods and Twenty-nine Perches, or thereabouts; and alfo that Part of Knecklijhine-77wr<?,containingTwohundred and eighty-eight AcresOneRood andSixteen Perches, lately out of Leafe by the Death of '•Thomas Tench Efquire, but now in the Tenure or Occupation of Ann Lucas, being the Towns, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments fpecified and defcribed in the faid Lot markedIV. of the faid Firft Schedule to this Aft annexed; and all a d Angular Houfes, Outhoufes, Edifices, Buildings, Barns, Stables, Cottages, Yards, Waftes, Commons, Furzes, Trees, Woods, Underwoods, Ways, Waters, Watercourfes, Liberties, Privileges, Eafements, Profits, Commodities, Emoluments, Hereditaments, and Appurtenances wha foever, to the faid Towns, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments belonging or in any wife appertaining ; and the Rcverfion and Reverfions, Item under and Remainders, Yearly and other Rents, IfTues and Profits, of a!! and Angular the fame Towns, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments (hall, from and after the palling of this Aft, be fettled, limited, and allured, and fhall go and remain to the feveral Ufes, upon and for the feveral Trufts, Intents, andPurpofes, and with, under, and fubjeft to the Powers, Provifoes, and Declarations to, for, upon, with, under, and fubjeft to which, the faid One undivided Fifth Part or Share of the faid Teftator, Jojhua Meredith, of and in the faid Eftates and Hereditaments fo devifed by the faid Will of the faid Jeffery Paul, deceafed, as aforefaid, did ftand limited and fettled at, or immediately before, the palling of this Aft; fubjeft only neverthelefs to the Payment of the Yearly Sum of Thirty-fix Pounds Six Shillings and Eleven-pence Three Farthings for Chief Rents and Crown Rents, as their Proportion of the Chief and Crown Rents payable out of the Whole of the fame Eftates.

Allotment of VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforefaid. That all fcribed^Lot thofe Towns, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments fituate, lying, and v. of theFixft being in the County of Carlow in Ireland, now in the Tenure or Occu-Schedule. p3tion of Thomas Mocrehoufe, and others, his Under Tenants or Afiigns, containing by Eftimation One hundred and three Acres One Rood and Eighteen Perches, and other Part thereof in the Occupation of John and William Freeman, containing Ninety-four Acres, and Fourteen Perches, or thereabouts ; and alfo Barn Hill, containing One hundred and twenty-three Acres Two Roods and Ten Perches, or thereabouts, in the PofTeffion of Ann Ryan, by Leafe for ever-; and that Part Knockevagh, containing by Eftimation Fifty-one Acres Three Roods andThirty-feven Perches, or thereabouts-, in the Occupation of William Rawfon, and alfo Bally colane, Bal-lyvas, and Hubberts-town, containing by Eftimation One thoufand one hundred and ten Acres, fituate, lying, and being in the County of Kildare, held by Leafes for ever, by Robert Fifjer, and the Reprefentatives of William Vicars, being the Towns, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments fpecified and defcribed in the faid Lot marked V. of the faid Firft Schedule to this Aft annexed ; and all and fingular Houfes, Outhoufes, Edifices, Buildings, Barns, Stables, Cottages, Yards, Waftes, Commons, Furzes,Trees, Woods, Underwoods,Ways,Waters,Watercourfes,Liberties, Privileges, Eafements, Profits, Commodities, Emoluments, Hereditaments and Appurtenances whatfoever to the faid Towns, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments belonging, or in any wife appertaining; and the Reverfion 2	'	and

48' G\E 0 R G11 III. Cap. 150.

and Reverfions: Remainder and Remainders Yearly and other Rents, I (flies, and Profits, of all and fingular the fame Towns, La ds, Tenemtiitr, and Hereditaments, fhall, from and after the- pafling of this Aft, he feb* tied, limited, and allured, and fliall go and remain to the fereral Ufes, upon and for the feveral Ends, Intents, and Purpofes, and with, under, and fubje& to the fever -.1 Powers,Proviloes,Declarations, and/Wreemenr.', in and by the faid Will of the laid Telia tor Robert Doyne, defeated, exprefTed* declared, and contained, of and concerning his faid One undivided Filth Part or Share of and in the laid Mates and Hereditaments thereby de-vifed, and which were fo deviled by the laid Will of the laid Jffery Paul\ deceafed, as aforefaid, or fuch and fo many of them as Tha i be now fubfifting undetermined, and capable of taking Effcft ; lubjeft only never-thelefs, to the Payment of the Yearly Sum of Thirty-fix Pounds Six; Shillings and Eleven-pence Three Farthings fi r Chi f Rents and Crown Rents, being One Fifth Part of the Chief Rents and Ciown Rents payable out of the Whole of the faidEftates.

VIII. And whereas the Chief Rents and Crown Rents payable out of the Whole of the faid Eftates of the faid Jeffery Paul, deceafed, amount to the Yearly Sum of Onehundred and eighty-one Pounds Fourteen Millings and Eleven-pence; and upon the faid Partition it was agr ed, hat each Share or Divifion of the faid Eflates fhould be liable to pay One Fif.h Share or Proportion of the faid Sum, videlicet,. Thirty-fix Pounds Six Shillings and Eleven-pence Three Earth Tigs each : Be it therefore enadled. That each of the fain Shares or Divifions (hall be at all limes hereafter fubje& and liable tc p.^y the full Sum of Thirty-fix Pounds Six Shillings and Eleven-pence Three Farthings, on Account of the Chief Rents and Crown Rents now payable out of the faid Eflates; and that if at any Time hereafter, any of the Proprietor or Pioprietors of any cf the faid Shares fo chargeable with the Payment of the faid Sum of Thirty-fix Pounds Six Shillings and Eleven-pence Three Farthings, fhall refufe, cr negleft, or make Default in the Payment of his, her, or their juft Proportion of the faid Rents, according to the Proportion aforefaid, and bat any Proprietor or Proprietors of any other Divifion or Divifions • all be reforted to, and fhall pay more than his, her, or their juft roportion of the faid Rents, according to the Rate aforefaid, that then and in every fuch Cafe, it fliall and may be lawful for fuch Proprie:or 01 Proprietors fo paying more than his, her, or their juft Proportion of the Lid Rents as aforefaid, or any of them, to refort to the Share or Shares of the Proprietor or Proprietors fo negledling, refufing, or making Default .n the Payment of their refpe&ive Shares of the laid Rents, and to enter in or upon fuch Share or Shares, and there to dilbain for the Deficiency of fuch Rents due by fuch Defaulter or Defaulters, and the Diftrefs and Diftrefles then and there found to take, lead, drive, carry away, and impound, and in pound to detain and keep, or other wife to fell and difpofe of according to Law, until, or fo that the Proprietor or Proprietors fo paying more than his, her, or their juft Proportion of the (aid Rents as aforefaid, fhall be therecy or otherwife fully paid or fatisfied for the Deficiency or Deficiencies due by fuch Defaulter or Defaulters; and all Cofts, .Charges, Damages, and E\pences attending the Non-payment of fuch Deficiency or Deficiencies, and the Perfon or Perfons fo making fuch Diftrefs or Diftrefles, fliall not be deemed aTrefpaffer or Trefpailers for any Irregularity in making the fame.

[Loc.&Per.l	3:	3

IX. Whereas

*934	48*	GEORGII	III.	Cap.t$d.

ta<udb>&f«A	Whereas	it may fo happen, that the Title of the faid Jeffery Paid

Eviction Ml to fome Part of the Premifes fo deviled by him as aforefaid, may prove be made good, to be defeftive, and the Party or Parties drawing fuch Lot wherein fuch Part is comprifed or contained, or interelled therein, his, her or their Heirs, Fxecutors, or Adminiftrators, may hereafter, without any Default or Neglect on his, her, or their Part, or on the Part of the Perfon or Per-fons drawing fuch Lot wherein fuch Part is comprifed or contained, be deprived of the Poffeflion thereof, and his, her, or their Title thereto be e'-'ictai: Be it further enabled. That in any fuch Cafe, all the other Parties, their Heirs, Executors, and Adminiftrators refpeflively, (hall contribute and pay an equal Share in Satisfaction for the Lofs fuftained by fuch Eviction, and of the Colts which may be incurred in defending the Title to the Part evicted, to the Perfon or Perfons fo evicted as aforefaid, according to the Valuation of the fame refpeCtively contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed.

x. Provided always, That the Party or Parties fo evicted as aforefaid, tt eir propor. his, her, or their Heirs and Affigns, (hall abate a Share or Proportion of lion of the	the faid Valuation, and of the Colts, equal to the Sum contributed by

Lc "	fuch of the other Parties contributable to fuch Lofs; it being the true In-

tent and Meaning of this Aft, that each Share or Lot Ihuuld be as nearly equal as pofliblc, and as the Nature of the Cafe and Circumftances of the Property will admit.

Court of C» a.fiery

ti.HJ'iS if

XI. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled. That if at any Time before the Expiration of Twelve Calendar Months after the Expiration of this Aft, and before any Conveyance fhall be made of any of the faid Lots fo drawn as aforefaid, Application fhall be made by the Guardian or Guardians for the l ime being of the faid JoJhua Paul Meredith the Infant, by Petition or Petitions in a fummary Way, to His Majefty’s High Court ot Chancery in Ireland, praying that it may be referred to one of the Mailers of the faid Court, to inquire and certify whether the faid Allotments fo drawn for and on the Behalf of the faid JoJhua Paul Mere-dith the Infant, is or are unequal to, or lefs beneficial than the others, or fome of the faid Allotments; and if it fhall appear to the the faid High Court of Chancery in Ireland, upon the faid Mailer’s Report, that the faid Allotment is of lefs Value, or is lefs beneficial than the other Allotments, or any of them, it fhall be lawful for the faid Court of Chancery to direft fuch Sum and Sums of Money to be raifed for Equality of Partition, by Sale or Mortgage of a competent Part of the Allotment or Allotments from which the fame ought, in the Opinion of the Court, to be raifed, and to be applied according to the Rights of the Parties, under the Direft ion of the Court, and for the Purpofes aforefaid, to make fuch Orders and Directions in all Refpefts as the faid Court fhall think necef. fary, proper, or expedient; and in cafe there fhall be a Surplus of the Money to arife by Sale of any of the Lands hereby direfted to be fold, after anfweringthe other Purpofes herein-before directed, it fhall be lawful for the faid Court to order any Part of fuch Surplus Money to be applied for I quality of Partition as aforefaid, inftead of directing any Money to be raifed by Sale or Mortgage as aforefaid, fo far as fuch Money will extend.

j*pences of XII. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That in cafe the Ex-ibu Act. peaces preparatory to, and in obtaining and palling this Aft, fhall exceed £	the

■48* GEORGII III. Cap, xso.

Vhe Sum of Five hundred Pounds herein-before mentioned, then and in fuch Cafe, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Court of Chancery from Time to Time, if to the faid Court it (hall feem meet, to make an Order for taxing or fettling all further Coils, Charges, and Expences, which (hall have been incurred preparatory to, and in applying for and obtaining and palling this A61, or otherwife in carrying the Trults and Purpofes of this Act into Execution.

XIII. Saving always to the King’s moll Excellent Majefty, His Heirs and Succeflbr?, and to the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being, in re-fpefl of the Chief and Crown Rents due and to be claimed for, from, or out of the faid Hereditaments herein-before mentioned, or any of them ; and to the faid Charles Dowling Medlicott,. and to all and every other Person and Perfons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Succelfors, Executors, and Adminiftrarors (other than and except the faid y»hn Wingfield, Stratford, James Blacker, Mary Dcync, Stephen Edward Rice, and Catherine his Wife, and jojhua Paul Meredith the elder, and Jojhua Paul Meredith the younger, and Charles Burton junior, and Sufart-nab his Wife, and the refpedtive Iflue of the fa\&JoJhui Paul Meredith the younger, and Sufarnab Burton, Sarah Medlicott, James Dowling Medlicott, Margaret Power, and jojhua Rice Efquire, and all and every other Perfon and Perfons claiming through or under them, or any of them, under or by virtue of any of the Limitations, Devifes, Bequi-fts, or Claufes contained or expreffed in the faid feveral herein-before in Part recited Wills and Codicil of the Eighteenth Day of July One thoufand /even hundred and feventy-two, Indentures and Affurances, or any of them), all fuch Right, Title, Intereft, Benefr, Profit, Claim, and Demand whatfoever, of, in, to, or out of the faid EUates devifed by the faid Will of the faid Jeffery Paul deceafed, or any of them, or any Part thereof, as they or any of them had before ihe palling of this Act, or could or might have had and enjoyed, in cafe this A:t had never been made.

X!V. And beit further enacted. That this Aft Ihall be printed by the Printer to the King’s moil: Excellent Majefty, and a Copy thereof fo printed, fhall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Juftices, and others.

2936

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 150.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

LOTI.

Schedule of Eftates to be allotted to Stephen Edward Rice Efquire, and Catherine his Wife,

in refpeft of his original Fifth Part or Share.

Tenements.	Tenant’s Names.	Number of Acres.	Yearly Rent in Value.	Endurande cf Leafe or lenancy.
Bough Divificn - -Part of Rathvilly Part or ditto -	Representatives of Paul Minchin -William Rawfon -Reprefentatives of Minchin	149 1 31 i4 0 19  17 ^ 5	£'. s. d. 611 0 8 42 10 IO 46 9 I	nut of Leafe. Ditto.  Ditto.
One Fifth of Chief and Crown Rent		281 0 25 of the Whole	700 O 7j 36 6 iiv  663 13 ii*	

A. R. NEVILL, Land Surveyor.

LOT II.

Schedule of Eftates to be allotted to the Honourable John Wingfield Stratford, and James Blacker Efquire, in refpeft of their original Fifth Part or Share.

Tenements.	Tenant’s Names,	Number of	Yea ly Rent in Value.	or Tenancy.
Rathvilly -Pai t of ditto - -Ditto, Fair-green - - -Ditto, Weft of Street to Bridge- > garden - J	Reprefentatives of William Lindon Ditto  Ditto - -Ditto -	191 2 12 70 0 9 1 9 36 s 1 7	£. 1. d. SS° is 6 140 * 3 * 5 6 6 17 7	Out of Leafe. Ditto.  Ditto.  Ditto.
One Fifth of Chief and Crown Rent		265 0 24 f the Whole	"36 6 114	
£ 663 13 10k				

A. R. NEVILL, Land Surveyor.

LOT III.

Schedule of Eftates allotted to the Honourable John Wingfield Stratford, in refpeft of his original Fifth Part or Share.

Tenements.	Tenant’s Names.	Number of Ac its.	Yearly Rent ill Value.	Endurance cf Leafe
Patrick’s Well Divifion -Code -Knocjcevagh -Part »f ditto	William Rawfon - -Newton William Rawfon -William Rawfon and ethers -	178	3 14 67 1 *5  179	1 17	£. s. d 245 19 J2 43 10 0 141 11 0	Out of Leafe. Le.-.le for ever. Out of Leafe.
One Fifth of Chief and Crown Rent		536 3 20 700 1 o'  f the Whole - 3C 6 i'i  £ 663 14 G*		

A, R. NEVILL, Land Surveyor.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 150.

2937

LOT IV.

Schedule of Eftates to be allotted to Jolhua Paul Meredith Efquirc, in l-dpeS: of his original Fifth Part or Share.

Tenements.	Tenant’s Names.	Number of	Yearly Kent in Value.	Endurance of Leafe or J enancy.
•Knockevagh - • -  Knocklifliinemore * *	Wili am Rawfon and TJnderTenants Ann Lucas - - _ 1	-aS3 1 16	I- s d.  181 0 5 519 0 7	Out of Leafg. Ditto.
		409 0 5	700 I 0	
	One Fifth of Chief and Crown Rent of the Whole		- 36 6 uk	
		£ 663 14. O:		

A. R. NEVILL, Land Surveyor.

LOT V.

Schedule of Eftates to be allotted to Mrs. Mary Doyne, in refpect of her original Fifth Part or Share.

Number of Yearly Rent Acres. in Value.

Endurance of Leafe >r Tenancy.

Barnhill Divifion Ditto Barnhill

Part of Knockevagh Ballycolane, Ballyvas, and Hub-' berftown, in the County of Kildare, fet for ever, by Eltimatior mo Acres, at 360I. per Annum with tool- renewal Fine

|Thomas Moorehoufe

-	Ijchn and William Freeman

-	Ann Ryan William Rawfon

Out of Leafe. Ditto.

Leafe for ever Out of Leafe.

One-fifth of Chief and Crown Rent of the whole

A. R. NEVILL^ Land Surveyor*

[!«•. & Per]

■ 3 *r

SECOND

48® GEORGII III. Cap. 150,

2938

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Schedule of the whole of the Property of the Lands and Hereditaments formerly the Eftate of Jeffery Paul Efquire, deceafed.

: Endurance of Leafe >r Tenancy.

Bough Divifion Part of Rathvilly -Part ditto Rathvilly Part of ditto Ditto, Fair-green Ditto, Weft of Street to Bridge-Garden Patrick's Well Divifion Code

Knockevagh . Part jpf ditto Knockevagh

Barnhilf

Part of Knockevagh Ballycolane, 1-aliyvas,

Reprefertatives of Paul Minchin William Rawfon Repretcntatives of Minchin Reprefentatives of Will. Lindon Ditto

Ditto	-

^ Ditto	-	v

-	William Rawfon

•	William Rawfon

-	William Rawfon and others

■	William Rawfon

■	Ann Lucas

-	Thomas Moorhoufe

■	John and William Freeman

•	Ann Ryan	-

■	William Rawfon

\ Out of Leafe,

>	Ditto.

1 Ditto, i Ditto.

! Ditto.

I Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

>	Leafe for ever. • Out of Leafe.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Leafe for ever. Out of Leafe.

Deduct Chief Rent -

A. R. NEVILL, Land Surveyor*

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majefty. 1808.

i*jW.

; loft farm, jiOiitoflfli r'Ditto.

Ditta | Ditto.

flak form Out of Lt&

Lofefere®

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS

W*#*#**#*****######****####*#**#*#*******************

Cap. I51.

An Act for veiling Part of the Eflates of Paulin Huggett, an Inlant, in Trullees to be fold, and for applying the Money arifing therefrom in Part Difcharge of certain Incumbrances charged thereon.

[30th "June 1808.]

"V	7 HI, REAS Jab:: Huggett the Elder, late of the Parilh of Saint will of John

\/%/ Peter the Apoftle, in the Ifle of Thanet, in the County of Kent, Huggett.ioth w v deceafed, being feifed of or entitled unto Forty-fix Fifty- ■Dec* J78r* fourth Parts or Shares which, confidering the Entirety as Three thoufand one hundred and fifty Pounds, is equal to Two thoufand fix hundred and eighty-three Pounds fix fhillings and eight-pence, of and in a Piece or Parcel of Ground whereon the North Foreland Lighthoufe ftandcth, containing Three Acres or thereabouts, fituate in the Parilh of Saint Peter the Apoftle, in the Ifle of Phanet, in the Counry of Kent, and of and in the faid Lighthoufe 2nd other Ere&ions and Buildings thereon, and which Piece or Parcel of Ground, Lighthoufe, Erections, and Buildings are more particularly dcfcribed in the Firft Schedule to this Adi, fubjedl to an Annuity or Yearly Rent Charge of Twelve Pounds, payable to Sarah Huggett,

Widow, for her Life charged on fome Parts or Shares of the faid Premil’es by the Will of Robert Huggett, late of the faid Parifh of Saint Peter the Apoftle, deceafed, did by his laft Will and Teftament, bearing Date the Eighteenth Day of December One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one,

[Aw, & Per.]	33	A	-and

2946

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 157.

and duly executed as by Law is required for rendering valid Devifes of Real Eftates, give and devife One full and equal Moiety of his Parts and Shares equal to One thoufand three hundred and forty-one Pounds thirteen fhillings and four-pence in the faid Hereditaments to his Nephew 'Thomas Huggetty his Heirs and Afligns for ever, and the other Moiety or Half Part thereof unto and to the Ufe of his Executors thereinafter named, their Heirs and Afligns, upon Trull that they, or the Survivor of them, or the Heirs or Afligns of fuch Survivor, fhould, as foon as conveniently might be after his the faid Teftator’s Deceafe, either by Sale or Mortgage of the fame Moiety, raifc fuch Sum or Sums of Money as fliould be fufficient to pay off and difcharge all fuch Debts as his late Nephew John Huggett deceafed owed at his Deceafe, and as fhould be unpaid at the Deceafe of the Teftator: and in cafe of fuch Sale upon Truft, that his faid Truftees fhould Hand pofiefied of the Overplus of the Monies to arife by ftich Sale, (if any) after Payment of the faid Debts, in Truft for all the Children of his faid Nephew John Huggett deceafed, equally to be divided between them, if The Death more than one; and the faid Teftator appointed his faid Nephew Thomas of the faid Huggett (fince deceafed) and John Fagg, Gentleman, Executors of his ^ett" and2" Will: And whereas the faid John Huggett the Elder, departed this Life Probate of on or about the Seventh Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thou-his Will fand (even hundred and eighty-three, without having revoked or altered his granted t° fajd \vill; and upon his Deceafe the faid Thomas Huggett and John Fagg tors Thomas accepted the Executorfhip thereof, and duly proved the lame in the Pre-Huggettand rogative Court of the Archbilhop of Canterbury: And whereas John Fagg.	the faid Thomas Huggett,	the Nephew deceafed,	being feiled	of

Will of Tho-	or entitled in Fee Simple	under the laid recited	Will of the	faid

masHuggett, j0hn Huggett the Elder, and otherwife, unto Twenty-feven Fifty-fourth aift Auguft	parts or shares undivided,	equal to One thoufand	five hundred	and

3’	feventy-five Pounds of and	in the faid Piece or Parcel of Ground,	and

the Jjghthoufe and other Erections and Buildings (landing thereon, (fubjedt, as to fome Parts or Shares thereof, to the faid Annuity of Twelve Pounds,) in and by his laft Will and Teftament in Writing, bearing Date the Twenty-firft Day of Auguft One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, and executed and atiefted in fuch Manner as is by Law required for rendering valid Devifes of real Eftates, gave and devifed all and every his Parts and Shares of and in the faid Hereditaments, with the Appurtenances, unto his Wife Mary Huggett and her Afligns for her Life, with Remainder to Thomas Brown of Broadftairs in the faid Parifh of Saint Peter the Apoftle, Mariner, his Executors, Adminiflrators, and Afligns, for the Term of Five hundred Years, without Impeachment of Wafte, upon the Trufts therein and hereinafter mentioned, and lubjeft thereto, and to the Trufts thereof, to his Son Paulin Huggett and his Afligns for his Life, with Remainder to John Underdown and his Heirs during the Life of the faid Paulin Huggett, upon Truft to preferve contingent Remainders, with Remainder to all and every the Child and Children of his faid Son Paulin Huggett, lawfully to be begotten, and to the Heirs of the Body or Bodies ot fuch Child or Children lawfully iffuing, equally to be divided between fuch Children, (if more than One,) to hold as Tenants in common, with Crofs Remainders in Tail between them, with Remainder to all and every other the faid Teftator’s Sons or Son in Tail general as Tenants in common, with Crofs Remainders in Tail between them, with Remainder to the faid Teftator’s right Heirs for ever; and

the

2947

48° GEORGII Ilf. Cap. 151.-

the faid Teftator declared, that the fai l Term of Five hundred Years was fo devifed to the faid Thomas Brown upon Truft, as form as conveniently might be after his the faid Teftator’s Wife’s Death, by Aflignuent or Mortgage of the faid Term, and the Premifcs therein comprifed, to raife Five hundred Pounds for his Son Thomas Huggett, and Four hundred Pounds a-piece for every one of his other Children who fhould be living at his, the Teftator’s, Wife’s Death, except only fuch of them is fhould then have or be entitled unto the immediate Freehold of the faid Premifes comprifed in the faid Term by virtue of his faid Will: and whereas the faid Thomas Huggett, the Elder, intermarried with Mary White on or about the Ninth Day of March, in the Year One thoufand feven hundred and Sixty-nine : And whereas the faid Thomas Huggett, the Teflator, hath The Death departed this Life without revoking or altering his faid Will, leaving his of Thomas faid Wife, Mary Huggett, and Four Children (to wit) the faid Paulin Hug- PugSett* gett and Thomas Huggett, and Sarah, now the Wife of Thomas Hiller, of the faid Parifh of Saint Peter the Apoftle, Mariner, and Sufannah, now the Wife of Edward Pierce, of the Vill of Ramjgate, Cordwainer, him furviving, and leaving the faid Paulin Huggett, his Heir at common Law, and the faid Paulin Huggett, and Thomas Huggett, his Son, his Heirs, according to the Cuftom of Gavelkind : and the faid Mary Huggett and Thomas Brown duly proved the fame Will in the Prerogative Court of the ArchbilhopofCanterbury: And whereas by IndenturesofLeafeand Releafe, Indentures of dated refpe&ively the Fourth and Fifth Days of November, One thou- Releafe” fand feven hundred and eighty-four, and made between the faid John dated the 4th Fagg, the dien furviving Truftee named in the faid Will of the and 5th No* faid ’John Huggett, the Elder, deceafed, of the One Part, and the vemher*784‘ faid Mary Huggett, of the ocher Part; in confideration of Nine hundred and fifty Pounds, to the faid John Fagg, then paid by the faid Mary Huggett, the faid John Fagg did, as therein is expreffed, grant, releafe, and confirm unto the faid Mary Huggett, her Heirs and Affigns, One undivided Moiety or Half Part of Five undivided Seventh Parts, equal to One thoufand one hundred and twenty-five Pounds, and of One-third Part of Two other undivided Seventh Parts, equal to One hundred and fifty Pounds, making together the Sum of One thoufand two hundred and feventy-five Pounds, of the faid Scite of the Ncvth Foreland Lioht-houfe, and the Buildings, Land, and Appurtenances, to hold the fame unto and to the Ufe of the faid Mary Huggett, her Heirs and Affirms for ever; And whereas by Indenture, dated the Tenth Day of Novem- indenture of her, One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, and made be- Mortgage, tween the faid Mary Huggett, of the One Part, and John Gray, ,oth Novem-of the faid Parifh of Saint Peter the Apoftle, Gentleman, of the ber ,78*’ other Part, it is witnefied, that in confideration of Nine hundred Pounds, paid by the faid John Gray to the laid Mary Huggett, fne, the faid Mary Huggett, did grant and demife unto the faid John Gray, his Executors, Auminiftrators, and Affigns, all the Premifes comprized in the faid recited Indentures of Leafe and Releafe, of the Fourth and Fifth Days of November, One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, to hold the fame unto the faid John Gray, his Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afiigns, for the Term of Five hundred Years, without Impeachment of Waite, at a Pepper-corn yearly Rent, payable as therein mentioned, and fubjeft to a Provilo therein mentioned, for making void the faid Indenture, on Payment by the faid Mary Huggett, her Heirs, Executors,

Adrni-

2 <548

Indenture of Mortgage, fame Date.

Indenture of Affignment and further Mortgage, 15th December 1796.

4.8° GEOR.6II III. Cap. 151.

Adminiftrators, or Afiigns, unto the faid John Gray, his Executors, Adminiftrators, or Afiigns, of the Sum of Nine hundred Pounds, and Intereft for the fame after the Rate of Five Pounds for One hundred Pounds for a Year, as therein mentioned: And whereas by Indenture, dated the faid Tenth Day of November, One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, and made between the faid Mary Huggett and Thomas Brown, Executors of the faid Thomas Huggett, deceafed, of the One Part, and the faid John Gray, of the other Part; after reciting a certain Indenture of Leafe, dated the Eleventh Day of June, One thoufand feven hundred andj eighty-cne, granted by John Huggett the Elder, and John Huggett the Younger, to the Arid Thomas Huggett, deceafed, of Five undivided Seventh Parts, equal to Two thoufand two hundred and fifty Pounds, and one undivided Third Parc of Two other undivided Seventh Parts, equal to Three hundred Pounds, making together Two thoufind five hundred and fifty Pounds ofand in the faid Hereditaments hereinbefore deferibed, and other Hereditaments thereinmentioned, at the yearly Rents ofFifty-fix Pounds and Six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four-pence for Twenty-one Years, from the Tenth Day of OElober then next; and all'o reciting that for the better fecuring the Payment of the faid Sum of Nine hundred Pounds, and Intereft, to the faid John Gray, the faid Mary Huggett, and the faid Thomas Brown, at her Requeft, had agreed to afiign and fee over to the faid John Gray, the faid Indenture of Leafe and Premifes thereby demifed tor all the then Refidue of the faid Term of Twenty-one Years: It is, by the faid Indenture now in recital, witneffed, that the faid Mary Huggett, and (at her Requeft) the faid Thomas Brown, did afiign unto the faid John Gray, all the Premifes comprifed in the faid Indenture of Leafe of the Eleventh Day of June, One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, to hold the fame unto the faid John Gray, his Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afiigns, from thenceforth, for all the then Refidue of the faid Term of Twenty-one Years, fubjedt to the Rents and Covenants thereby and therein referved and contained, and alfo fubjedt to a Provifo therein contained, for making void the faid Indenture, on payment of the faid Sura of Nine hundred Pounds, and Intereft, as therein mentioned : And whereas by Indenture, dated the Fifteenth Day of December One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix, and made between the faid John Gray of the firft Part, the faid Mary Huggett of the fecond Parr, and John White, of Broadjiairs, in the Parilh of Saint Peter aforefaid. Mariner, of the third Part, in confideration of the Premifes, and of the Sum of Nine hundred Pounds, paid by the faid John White to the faid John Gray, and alfo in confideration of the further Sum of Four hundred Pounds to the faid Mary Huggett, then paid by the faid John White, (making together One thouland three hundred Pounds,) the faid John Gray, at the Requeft of the faid Mary Huggett, did afiign, and the faid Mary Huggett, did grant, ratify, and confirm unto the faid John White, his Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afiigns, all the faid Premifes comprized in the faid firft recited Indenture, of the Tenth Day of November, One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, to hold the fame unto the faid John White, his Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afiigns, from thenceforth for all the then Refidue of the faid Term of Five hundred Years, abfolutely freed from the Provifo contained in the faid firft recited Indenture of the Tenth Day of November One thoufand feven hundred and

eighty-

2949

48u GEORGII III. Cap. 151.

eighty-four; buc neverthelefs fubject to a Provifo therein contained, for making void the faid Indenture, on Payment by the faid Mary Huggett, her Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators, or Aftigns, unto the faid John White, his Executors, Adminiftrators, or Aftigns, of the Sum of One thoufand three hundred Pounds, and Intereft at Four Pounds Ten Shillings per Centumper Annum, on the Fifteenth Day of June then next : And whereas by Indenture dated the faid Fifteenth Day of December One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix, and made between the faid Mary Huggett and Thomas Brown of the firft Part, the faid John Gray of the fecond Part, and the laid John White of the third Part, the laid John Gray, at the Requeft of the faid M-ary Huggett and Thomas Brown, teftified as therein mentioned, did aftign, and the faid Mary Huggett and Thomas Brown did aftign, ratify, and confirm unto the faid John White, his Executors, Adminiftrators, and Aftigns, all the Pre-mifes comprized in the faid recited Indenture of the Eleventh Day of June One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, to hold the fame unto the faid John White, his Executors, Adminiftrators, and Aftigns, from thenceforth, for all the then Refidue of the faid Term of Twenty-one Years, fubjeft to the Rents and Covenants therein contained, freed from the Provifo contained in the faid fecond hereinbefore recited Indenture of the Tenth Day of November, One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, but fubjedt to the Provifo in the now reciting Indenture contained, for making void the fame Indenture, on Payment of the faid Sum of One thoufand three hundred Pounds, and Intereft at Four Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, as therein mentioned : And whereas by Indentures of Leafe and Releafe, dated refpec-tively the Twentieth and Twenty-firft Days of December One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix, and made between the faid Mary Huggett, of the One Part, and the faid Thomas Brown of the other Part, reciting the before-recited Indenture of theTenthDay of November, Onethoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, and before recited Indenture of the Fifteenth Day of December, One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix; alfo reciting that the faid Thomas Brown, joined with the faid Mary Huggett, in afiigning the faid Leafe to the faid John Gray as aforefaid ; and alfo in afiigning the fame from the faid John Gray to the faid John White, on the Promife and Agreement of the faid Mary Huggett to convey and aflfure the Fee-fimple of the faid mortgaged Premiles, to the faid Thomas Brown and his Heirs (fubjett to the faid Mortgage thereof to the faid John White, as therein-mentioned,) for the Security and Indemnity of the faid Thomas Brown, his Heirs, Executors, and Adminiftracors: it is, by the faid Indenture of Releafe now in recital, witnefied, that the laid Mary Huggett did grant, releafe, and confirm unto the faid Thomas Brown, his Heirs and Aftigns, all the Premifes comprifed in the faid firft recited Indenture of the Fifteenth Day of December, One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix, to hold the fame unco and to the Ufe of the faid Thomas Brownt his Heirs and Aftigns for ever, in Truft, neverthelefs for the faid Mary \Huggett her Heirs and Aftigns, until Default in payment of the faid One thoufand three hundred Pounds, and Intereft as aforefaid; and in cafe the faid John White, his Executors, Adminiftrators, or Aftigns, fhould demand of the faid Mary Huggett and Thomas Brown, or either of them, the Payment of the laid One thoufand three hundred Pounds, and Intereft} then upon truft that the faid Thomas Brown, his Heirs or Aftigns, Ihould fell the Fee-fimple of the laid mortgaged Premifes, [Lot. &? Per,']	33	B	either

Indenture of Affignment and further Mortgage, fame Datei

Indentures o! Leafe and

Releafe,

20th and 2ill

December

1795.

895©

#

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 151.

either together or in Parcels, as he or they lhould think fit; and upon further truft, to apply the Money arifing from fuch Sale towards dif-charging the faid'One thoufand three hundred Pounds, and Intereft, and to pay the Refidue thereof, (if any,) to and for the Ufe of the faid Mary Huggett, provided, that if after fuen Demand as aforefaid, the faid Mary lluggett lhould pay the faid One thoufand three hundred Pounds, and Intereft, then in truft, that the faid ‘Thomas Brown, his Heirs or A (Tigris, fhould convey the faid Premifes unto and to the Ufe of the faid Mary Huggett, her Heirs and Afiigns, difeharged of all further Trufts. Indentures of And whereas by Indentures of Leafe and Releafe, dated refpec-Leafe and tively the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Days of March, One thoufand feven Releafe» hundred and ninety-feven, the Releafe being made between the faid March" 1797. Mary Huggett, of the Firft Part, the faid Paulin Huggett, the Son of * the faid Thomas Huggett, the Teflator, of the Second Part, Michael Majcall, Yeoman, of the Third Part, and John Broom an, Banker, of the Fourth Part, the faid Mary Huggett, (as therein is expreffed,) granted, releafed, and confirmed unto the faid Michael Majcall, and his Heirs, One undivided Moiety or Half Part, equal to One thoufand five hundred and feventy-five Pounds, and Seventeen undivided Twenty-one Parts of the other undivided Moiety or Half Parr, equal to One thoufand two hundred and feventy-five Pounds, of and in all the Premifes deferibed in the faid Indentures of Leafe and Releafe, of the Twentieth and Twenty-fihft Days of December, One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix, to hold the' fame to the faid Michael Majcall, and his Heirs, as to the faid Moiety, for the Life of the faid Mary Huggett j and as to the faid other undivided Parts for ever, to the Ufe and Intent that the faid Mary Huggett, and her Afiigns, fhould, out of the fame Moiety and Parts, have and take during her natural Ufe, One Annuity or yearly Rent-charge of Forty Pounds; and as to the faid undivided Moiety fubjeft and charged with the faid Annuity of Forty Pounds, and the ufual Powers and Remedies for enforcing the Payment thereof, to the Ufe of the faid John Brooman, his Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afiigns, for Ninety-nine Years, if the faid Mary Huggett lhould fo long Jive* and as to the laid Seventeen undivided Twenty-one Parts of the other undivided Moiety of the lame Premifes in like Manner, fubjecl to and charged as aforefaid to the Ute of the faid John Brooman, his Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afiigns, for a Term of Two hundred Years, and after the Expiration or ocher fooner Determination of the faid Term of Ninety-nine Years, and fubjeet thereto and to the Trufts thereof, as to the faid One undivided Moiety, equal to One thoufand five hundred and feventy-five Pounds, to the Ufe of the faid Michael Majcall, and his Heirs and Afiigns, for the Life of the faid Mary Hug-gelt; neverthclefs, as to the Eftate and Intereft of the faid Michael Majcall, and his Heirs therein, in Truft for the faid Paulin Huggett, the Son of the faid Thomas Huggett, the Teftator, his Heirs and Afiigns, and to be conveyed and dilpoied of as he or they fhould, from Time to Time, diredt or appoint, and from and after the End or fooner Determination of the faid Term of Two hundred Years, and in the mean Time fubjedt thereto and to the Trufts thereof, and alfo fubjeet and charged as aforefaid: As to the faid Seventeen undivided Twenty-one Parts of tiie faid other undivided Moiety of the faid Premifes, to the Ufe of die fame Paulin Huggett and Michael Majcall, and the Heirs and Afiigns of the fame Paulin Huggett for ever, neverthdefa as to theEftate •• Cg	r	a	,•	.	mod

48»GEORGII III. Cap. 151.	2951

and Intereft of the faid Michael Mafcall therein, in Truft: for the fame Paulin Huggett, his Heirs and AfTigns; and it is by the faid Indenture of Releafe now in recital, declared, that the faid Term of Ninety-nine Years, determinable as aforefaid, and Two hundred Years were thereby declared to be fo limited as aforefaid to the laid John Brooman, his Executors, Adminiftrators, and Alfigns, upon Truft, for better fecuring the Payment of the faid Annuity or yearly Rent-charge of Forty Pounds, unto the faid Mary Huggett, and her Affigns, during her Life, and fub-ject thereto, to permit the faid Paulin Huggett, the Son of the faid Thomas Huggett, the Teftator, and his Heirs and Afligns, (according to their Eftate and Intereft therein refpectively,) to receive and take the Rents and Profits of the fame Premifes, until the faid Annuity of Forty Pounds fhould be in arrear as aforefaid; and it is, by the faid Indenture of Releafe now in recital, declared, that after the Trufts of the faid Terms of Ninety-nine Years and Two hundred Years Ihould be performed, or Ihould become unnecefiary and incapable of taking Effect; and the Charges of theTruftee or Truftees for the Time being, in the Performance of the faid Trufts, Ihould have been fully paid, the Lid Terms of Ninety-nine Years and Two hundred Years of and in the faid Premifes, or fo much thereof as Ihould not have been mortgaged, fold, or otherwife difpofed of for the Purpofes aforefaid, Ihould ceafe and determine : And whereas the faid Mary, the Widow of the faid Thomas Hug- The peatt, gett departed this Life on or about the Thirty-firft Day otAugujl One thou- of Mary land eight hundred and two, leaving the faid Paulin Huggett, the Son of Huggett, the faid Thomas Huggett, the Teftator, her Heir at Law; and the faid Paulin Huggett and Thomas Huggett, his Brother, her Heirs, according to the Cuftom of Gavel Kind; and the faid Annuity of Forty Pounds, fe-cured to her by the faid laft herein before in Parc recited Indentures of Leafe and Releafe, hath been fatisfied, and the Trufts of the faid Term of Two hundred Years have been fully performed, and the Charges of the Truftees thereof paid: And whereas the faid Paulin Hugget, the Devifee for Life, in the Will of the faid Thomas Huggett, did in his Lifetime, on or ^aal‘a about the Thirteenth Day of February One thoufand eight hundred and hls^o four, fatisfy and pay unto his Sifters, Sarah the Wife of the faid Thomas HU- Sifter* ths ler, and Sufannah the Wife of the faid Edward Pearce, the faid feveral Le- Legacies of. gacies of Four hundred Pounds a-piece, fo given and bequeathed to them as* 4co,‘ eaclu aforefaid: And whereas the faid Thomas Brown made and duly executed his laftWilland Teftament, in Writing, dated the Twenty-third Day of July One thoufand eight hundred, and thereof appointed his Wife Lydia Brown and his Sons Thomas Brown and Robert Brown, his Executrix and Execu • tors; and departed this Life without revoking or altering the fame, and T-Le Will of inteftate as to the Real Eftates, of which he was a Truftee, leaving the faid	^

Thomas Brown,rhe Son, and Robert Brown, his Heirs, according to the 0f July 1800* Cuftom of Gavel Kind ; and upon the Deceafe of the faid Thomas Brown, the Teftator, the faid Thomas Brown, the Son, and Robert Brown, accepted the Executorfhip of his faid Will, and duly proved the fame in the Prerogative Court of the Archbifliop of Canterbury: And whereas by Indenture, bearing Date the Thirteenth Day of February One jhouland eight hundred and four, purporting to be made between Sarah Hiller the faid Thomas Hiller and Sarah his Wife, and Edward Pearce and and Sufannah Sufannah his Wife, the faid Sarah and Sufannah, being therein further Pear€e pctcribed, of the Firft Part; the faid Thomas Brown the Son, and Robert 5?r

Brown, '

2952

4.8*GEORGII III. Cap. 151.

Brown, of the Second Part; and the faid Paulin Huggett, the Son of the faid Thomas Huggett, the Teftator, of the Third Part; the faid Parties of the Firft Part did thereby acknowledge the then Receipt of their faid fevcral Sums of Four hundred Pounds and Four hundred Pounds, and thereof and therefrom did difcharge the fame Paulin Huggett and his Heirs, and the faid Thomas Brown, the Son, and Robert Brown, their Executors, Adminiftrators, and Aftigns,and the faid Hereditaments: And whereas the faid Sool.of ifaac Baulin Huggett, the Son of the faid Thomas Huggett, the Teftator, in order White to	to enable himfelf to pay and difcharge the	faid feveral Legacies of Four hun-

t'rtha/?T	dred Pounds and Four hundred Pounds,	borrowed and took up at Intereft

upon his Bond, and Two feveral Promiflfory Notes, from IJaac White, of Broad Stairs, in the Parilh of Saint Peter the Apojlle, Mariner, the Sum of Paulin Hug- Fight hundred Pounds: And whereas the faid Paulin Huggett, did, in like gett of the Manner, (to wit,) on or about the Twentieth Day of October One thoufand ^col^n h^s	hundred	apd	f°ur>	fatisfy	and difcharge the faid Legacy or Sum of Five

Brother Tho-	hundred Pounds, given and bequeathed	to his Brother the faid Thomas

mas.	Huggett, the Son, by the Will of the faid	Thomas Huggett, their Father, by

giving and executing to the faid Thomas Huggett, the Legatee thereof, his. Bond or Obligation, in Writing, for fecuring the due Payment of a like Sum of Five hundred Pounds, with Intereft at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to the faid Thomas Huggett, the Legatee, his Executors, Adminiftrators, or Afligns, on a ccrtainDay therein mentioned : And whereas by a certain Deed Poll, bearing Date on the Twenty-firft Day of October One thoufand eight hundred and four, and purporting to be made between . the faid Thomas Huggett, the Legatee, of the firft Part, the faid Thomas i8o4°ft0bCr Brown, the Son, and Robert Brown, of the fecond Part, and the faid Paulin Huggett, the Son of the faid Thomas Huggett, the Teflator, of the third Part; the faid Thomas Huggett Party hereto, did acknowledge the then Receipt of the faid Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and thereof and therefrom did difcharge the fame Paulin Huggett, his Heirs, Executors, and Adminiftrators and the laid Thomas Brown, the Son, and Robert Brown, their Executors, Death'of and -Adminiftrators, ar)d Afligns, and the faid Hereditaments: And whereas the John white, Joi°n White hath departed this Life, having firft dulymade and publifned 10th Feb.	his laft Will and Teftamenr, in Writing, bearing Date on or abouc the

1798.	Tenth Day of February One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eighr,

and appointed the faid Ifaac White Executor thereof, who hath duly proved the fame, and taken upon himfelf the Burthen of the Execution thereof: Tho^T111 °f W^ereas	Thomas	Huggett, the Legatee in the Will of his Father,

Hugget* the ^ Thomas Huggett, deceafed, departed thisLife without Iftue, and inte-- 6	ftate as to his Real Eftates, leaving the faid Paulin Huggett, his Brother, his

Heir at Law, and alfo Heir according to the Cuftom of Gavelkind; and having firft duly made and executed his laft Will and Teftamenc in Writing, bearing Date the T wenty-fecond Day of October One thoufand eight hundred and four, and appointed his Uncle, che laid Ifaac White, and his Brother, the faid Paulin Huggett, deceafed. Executors thereof: And whereas the laidIfacfo White alone, duly proved the fame Will, on the Twenty-fixtli Thomas^ Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and fix, being then the only fur-WtfWrarited vlv^ng Executor, in the Prerogative Court of the Archbifhop of Carrier-to lfaae	bury, and took upon himfelf the Execution thereof: And whereas the faid

White,	Paulin Huggett, the Devifee for Life, named in the faid Will of the faid

TheDe«th of Thomas Huggett, the Father, deceafed, departed this Life on or about the Fourteenth Day of November, One thoufand eight hundred and five, with-mitattW-’ Put having difeharged the faid Bonds and Securities for tire laid feveral

Sums

That Paul

Huggett

borrowed

Sifter’s gacies. Payment by

Releafe by the (aid Thomas Huggett of his Legacy,

Legatee, teftate as to his real Eftate.

Will, datH 2id Ottober 1804* Probate of

48^ GEORGII III. Cup. 15^*	2953

Sums of Four hundred Pounds, Four hundred Pounds, and Five hun- ?ng difcharg-dred Pounds, and Interelt, or any Part thereof, to the laid Ifaac White ^ jjaea^0nds and Thomas Huggett, the Legatee, or either of them : And whereas the White anti faid Paulin Huggett intermarried with Sufannah Gwynn on or about the Thomas Fourth Day of December One thoufand eight hundred, and hath left Huggett. llfue by her, Paulin Huggett, an Infant, his only Child and Heir at The Mar-Law, and Heir according to the Cuftom of Gavelkind: And whereas Adminiftration of the Goods and Chattels, Rights and Credits, of the gett. faid Paulin Huggett, deceafed, hath been granted by the Prerogative Court Adminiltra-of Canterbury to the faid Sufannah Huggett, fince which, at the Requell don to Paulin of the faid Ifaac White, fhe hath paid off and difeharged to him the faid Ifaac White, the laid Two feveral Sums of Four hundred Pounds Sufacnah*0 and Four hundred Pounds, making together the faid firfl-mentioned Sum Huggett his of Eight hundred Pounds, together with all Arrears of Interelt due VVltlow» an<* thereon : And whereas there is now actually due and owing to the faid heftTlfakc Sufannah Huggett, as Adminiftratrix of her faid Hufband as aforefaid, the White of faid Two feveral Sums of Four hundred Pounds and Four hundred Pounds, 800I. and making together the faid Sum of Eight hundred Pounds, and the Sum of Intereft*

One hundred and feventy Pounds for Interelt due thereon, from the faid Thirteenth Day of February, One thoufand eight hundred and four, to na£ Huggett" the Thirteenth Day of May, One thoufand eight hundred and eight, and 800I. with an the further Sum of Five hundred Pounds for which the faid Sufannah Arrear of Huggett, under the Bond of her laid Huiband, became indebted to the faid InCereft; Ifaac White, as Executor of the faid Thomas Huggett, the Legatee, and the Jher'sumof Sum of Eighty-feven Pounds and ten Shillings for Interelt due thereon, 5ool.\vithan from the Twentieth Day of Otlober, One thoufand eight hundred and Arrear of four, to the Twentieth Day of April, One thoufand eight hundred and Intereft* eight, making together in the whole the Sum of One thoufand three Thac‘3°oI. hundred Pounds principal Monies, and the Sum ot Two hundred and Secured?11 fifty feven Pounds and 1 en Shillings for Interelt due thereon : And Mortgage to whereas the faid Sum of One thoufand three hundred Pounds, fecured to John White the laid John White by the faid Indenture of Mortgage of the Fifteenth vvas due £o Day of December, One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix, is now due ii^Executor. and owing to the faid Ifaac White, as his Executor, upon or by virtue of the fame Security; but all Interelt for the fame hath been paid to the Eleventh Day of Oftober lalt. And whereas Twenty-three Fifty-fourth T!l2t Parts or Shares only, equal to One thoufand three hundred and forty-one f^erede"' Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence, ofand in the faid Piece or Parcel vifedby the of Ground, and of the faid Light-houfe, Erections, and Buildings, were Wiilof John devifed by the faid Will of the laid John Huggett, to the faid Thomas Hu2Seit-Huggett, his Nephew, and John Fagg, and Seventeen Forty-fecond Parts or Shares, only equal to One thoufand two hundred and feventy-five Pounds, of and in the faid Piece or Parcel of Ground, and of the faid Light-houfe, Erections and Buildings, were conveyed by the faid John That Pau]in Fagg to the faid Mary Huggett, and her Heirs, fo that the faid Paulin Huggetmhe Huggett, the Infant, is now leifed of or entitled to Twenty-feven Fifty- infant was fourth Parts or Shares, equal to One thoufand five hundred and feventy- feifed of . five Pounds, as is mentioned in the Second Schedule to this A6t, of and Fee^Tan and in the faid Piece or Parcel of Ground, and Light-houfe, Erections, and to 17/42dsin Buildings, under the Will of the faid Thomas Huggett, the Father, in Fee Simple. Fee-tail, and to Seventeen undivided Forty-fecond Parts or Shares thereof equal to One thoufand two hundred and feventy-five Pounds, as is alfo mentioned in the faid Second Schedule, as the Heir of his laid Father, in \_Loc. & Pei-.]	33 C	Fee.

2954

480 GEORGII III. Cap. 151.

Fee-fimp!e: and which faid feveral Parts and Shares before Hated to lie verted in the faid Paulin Huggett, the Infant in Fee-tail and Fee-fimple, with the feveral Parts and Shares of the Eftate outftanding or verted in the real Reprefentatives of John Fagg and in Thomas Brown, as is flawed in the faid Second Schedule, conltifute the Entirety of the Premifes. Contraft for And whereas the faid Sufannah Huggctt, on behalf of the faid Pau-fannah7Hu'	having had an advantageous Propofal made to

gelt on Be-^* ^er hy the Commlflioners and Governors of the Royal Hofpital for Sea-half of Paulin men at Greenwich, in the County of Kent, for the Purchafe of the faid Huggett the feveral Parts and Shares of the faid Paulin Huggett, the Infant, of and Infant to the jn the faid Hereditaments and Premifes, did execute an Agreement, in ers and* Gq1-" Writing, bearing Date the Thirty-firft Day of December, One thoufand vemors of eight hundred and feveri, and made between the faid Sufannah Hug-Greenwich gett, of the One Parr, and the faid Commiflioners and Governors of Hcfpital. ljle other part, whereby it was agreed between them, that in confidera-tion of the Sum of Two thoufand eight hundred and fifty Pounds to be paid by the faid Commiflioners and Governors, and for other the Confiderations therein-mentioned, the faid Sufannah Huggett (hould and would, at the Expence of the faid Coinmiflioners and Governors, procure a good and lufficient Conveyance in Fee Ample, (Tubjeft to the faid Annuity or yearly Rent-charge of Twelve Pounds a Year, payable to Sarah Huggett, Widow, for her Life, charged on fome of the fame undivided Parts or Shares of the faid Hereditaments and Premifes, and other Parts or Shares thereof,) to be made and executed to the laid Coinmiflioners and Governors of the faid undivided Parts or Shares of the faid Paulin Huggett, the Infant, of and in the fame Piece or Parcel of Ground, Light-houfe, Erections, Buildings, and Premifes: That it would	Kerens it will be very beneficial to the faid Paulin Huggett the In-

be very be- fant that the faid Agreement for the Sale of the faid Parts and Shares, He-neficial to the reditaments and Premifes, fliould be carried into Execution, and that fo Infant that much 0f the faid Purchafe-Money, of Two thoufand eight hundred and flioukTbe^ fi^y Pounds, as ihall be coming to the faid Paulin Huggett the Infant, for carried into die Purchafe of the feveral undivided PaTts or Shares of the laid Premifes E xecution, whereof or whereto he is feifed or entitled in Fee Tail, amounting to the and that the Sum 0p Qne thoufand five hundred and feventy-five Pounds, fhould be ap-flioulYbe plied towards difeharging the faid Incumbrances refpe&ively affe&ing the applied in fame Parts or Shares of the lame Premifes, and that fo much of the faid difeharge of Purchafe Money, of Two thoufand eight hundred and fifty Pounds, as b"ances Hiall becoming to the faid Paulin Huggett the Infant for the Purchafe of the faid feveral undivided Parts or Shares of and in the faid Premifes

whereof or whereto the faid Paulin Huggett the Infant is feifed or entitled in Fee Simple, amounting to the Sum of One thoufand two hundred and feventy-five Pounds, Ihould be applied in difeharge of the faid Incumbrances affecting the fame Parts and Shares of the faid Premifes; but by reafon of the Infancy of the famt Paulin Huggett the fame cannot be effe&ed without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: Wherefore your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal Subjects the faid Sufannah Huggett, for and on behalf of the faid Paulin Huggett,(the Infant,) and the Commifli-oners and Governors of the Royal Hofpital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent Humbly befeech Youi mod Excellent Majelty, That it may be enabled, and be it ena&ed by the King’s molt Excellent Majelty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid Twenty-feven undivided Fifty-

fourth

2955

4H0 GEORGII III. Cap. 151.

fourth Parts or Shares, equal to One thoufand five hundred and feventy-five Pounds, of or belonging to the faid Paulin Huggett the Infant, and whereot or whereto the laid Paulin Huggett the Infant is fo as aforefaid feifed of or entitled to an Eftate in Fee Tail general of and in all that Piece or Parcel of Land or Ground, containing by Eftimation Three Acres, more or lefs; and alfo of and in all that oflagonal Mefluage or Tenement ere£led and built on Part of the faid Piece or Parcel of Land, for the Purpofe of the North Foreland Lighthoufe, and the Out-houfes,

Edifices, and Buildings thereto adjoining or belonging, heretofore in the Tenure or Occupation of Robert OJbotJlon Efquire, and now of the Com-miffioners and Governors of Greenwich Hofpital, fituatein the faid Parilh of Saint Peter the Apojlle, and more particularly deferibed in the firft Schedule to this Act annexed ; and alfo the faid Seventeen Forty-fecond Parts or Shares, equal to One thoufand two hundred and feventy-five Pounds, of or belonging to the faid Paulin Huggett the Infant, and whereof or whereto he is fo as aforefaid feifed or entitled in Fee Simple of and in the faid Piece or Parcel of Ground, Light-houfe, Edifices, and Buildings, and all other the Parts or Shares (if any) of him the faid Paulin Huggett the Infant, of and in the faid Piece or Parcel of Ground and Light-houfe,

Edifices and Buildings, (hall, from and immediately after the palling of this Ad, be veiled in and fettled upon, and the fame are hereby from thenceforth veiled in and fettled upon John B.ys of Margate, in the Parilh of Saint John the Baptift, in the faid lfle of Thanet and County of Kent,

Gentleman, and Jofepb Martyr, of Greenwich in the County of Kent,

Gentleman, their Heirs and Ailigns, to the Ule of the faid John Boys and Jofepb Martyr, their Heirs and Ailigns for ever, fubjedl, as to fuch Parts ^he shares or Shares thereof as are liable thereto, to the faid Annuity or Yearly of the infant Rent Charge of Twelve Pounds, payable to the faid Sarah Huggett during veiled in her Life as aforefaid, but freed and difeharged of, from, and againll all rruftees” and every the Ufes, Ellates, Devifes, Bequells, Limitations, Trulls, Remainders, Reverfions, Provifoes, Powers, Charges, and Incumbrances whatfoever in or by the faid Will of the faid firll named Thomas Huggett, or the faid firll recited Indentures of the Tenth Day of November One thoufand feven hundred and eighty four, and the Fifteenth Day of December One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix, or the faid. recited Indentures of Leafe and Releafe of the Twenty-firfl and Twenty fecond Days of December One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix, or the faid recited Indentures of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Days of March One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, and upon the Trulls, and to and for the Ends, Intents, and Purpofes hereinafter mentioned, expreffed, and declared of and concerning the fame; (that is to fay), Upon Trull, Upon Truft that they the faid John Boys and Jofepb Martyr, or the Survivor of them, upon Pay-or his Heirs, do and lhall, upon Payment by the faid Cotnmilfioners and Governors of the Royal Hofpital for Seamen at Greenwich aforefaid of the Money Ao Sum of One thoufand five hundred and feventy-five Pounds, the Propor- convey’the tion of the faid Sum of Two thoufand eight hundred and fifty Pounds, fame to the payable in refpeft of the faid feveral Parts or Shares of and in the faid l’urctul£rs* Piece or Parcel of Ground, Light-houfe, and Premifes, with the Appurtenances, whereof or whereto the faid Paulin Huggett the Infant is feifed or entitled in Fee Tail general under the Will of the faid firll-named Thomas Huggett unto the faid Sufannah Huggett as Adminiltratrix of the faid Paulin Huggett, deceafed, or to the Adminiitrator or Adrninillrators ■Tor the Tune being of the fame Paulin Huggett, in part Difcharge of

2956	4-8°GEORGII	III.	Cap. 151.

the faid Sums of Five hundred Pounds, Four hundred Pounds, and Four hundred Pounds, the Legacies bequeathed by the faid Will of the faid firft-named Thomas Huggett, and which were paid or fecured to be paid by the faid Paulin Hugett, deceafed, as aforefaid ; and alfo of the Sum of One thoufand two hundred and feventy-five Pounds, the Proportion of the faid Sum of Two thoufand eight hundred and fifty Pounds, payable for or in refpeft of the faid feveral undivided Parts or Shares of and in the faid Piece or Parcel of Ground, Light-houfe, and Premifes, with the Appurtenances, whereof or whereto the faid Paulin Huggett the Infant is feifed or entitled in Fee Simple as aforefaid, unto the laid Ifaac White, as the Executor of the faid John White, or to the Executors or Adminiflrators for the Time being of the faid John White, in part Difcharge of the faid Sum of One thoufand three hundred Pounds, fecured by the faid Indenture of Mortgage of the Fifteenth Day of December One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix, to convey and allure the faid feveral undivided Parts or Shares hereby veiled in and fettled upon the faid John Boys and Jofeph Martyr and their Heirs, of and in the faid Piece or Parcel of Ground, Light* houfe, Hereditaments, and Premifes, with the Appurtenances, unto and to the Ufe of the laid Commillioners and Governors of the Royal Hof-pital for beamen at Greenwich aforefaid, and their Succeflors for ever.

II.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforefaid, That the Receiptor Receipts of the faid Sufannah Huggett,or the Adminillrator or Admi-niftrators for the 'Time being of the faid Paulin Huggett, the Son of the faid firft-named Thomas Huggett, and of the faid Ifaac Wbite, or of the Executors or Adminiftrators for tne Time being of the faid Ifaac White, for any Sum or Sums of Money payable to them refpedively under or by virtue of this Adi, lhall be a iufficient and effectual Dilcharge or fufficient and effectual Difcharges for the fame relpectively, or for fo much thereof as lhall be therein cxprefled to be received ; and that the faid Commillioners and Governors of the faid Royal Hofpital for Seamen at Greenwich aforefaid, and their Succelfors, and alfo the faid John Boys and Jofeph Martyr, and the Survivor of them, his Executors and Adminiftrators,and each and every of them, lhall not afterwards be accountable for any Lofs, Mifapplication, or Nonapplication, or be obliged or concerned to fee to the Application of the Money therein acknowledged or mentioned to be received.

That the	HI. And be it further enabled, by the Authority aforefaid. That all the

Charge of	Colls, Charges, and Expences of applying for and obtaining and palling

procuring the this Act, and of making and completing the Conveyance hereby diredled paid by^the lo mac^e 10	Commillioners	and	Governors	of	the	Royal	Hol-

Purchafers. pital f°r teamen at Greenwich aforefaid, lhall be paid, fuftained, and borne by the faid Commiflioners and Governors, and their Succeflors ; and that no Part of the fame Colts, Charges, and Expences lhall be paid by the laid Paulin Huggett the Infant upon any Account whatever.

.	IV. Saving always to the King’s moll Excellent Majefty, his Heirs and

Claulf. Succeflors, and to all and every other Perfon and Perfons, and Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Succelfors, Adminiffra-tors, and Affigns, (other than and except the faid Paulin Huggett the Infant, and the Heirs of his Body, and his Heirs at Common Law, and according to the Cuftom of Gavelkind, and all and every other Perfon and Perfons claiming or to claim any Eftate, Right, Title, Intereft, Inheritance,

That the Receipt of Sufannah Huggett, or the Adrnini-flr«tor for the

ofTbom'a? Huggett and of faid Ifaac White fhall be a Dif-

2957

4-8* GEORGII lit Cap. 151.

lance, Ufe, Truft, Claim, or Demand whatfoever, of, in, to, or out of the laid Parts and Shares of the faid Piece or Parcel of Ground, Light-houfe, Hereditaments, and Premifes, or any Part or Parts thereof, under or by virtue of the faid Will of the laid firft named Thomas Hu?gett, or under or by virtue of the faid recited Indentures of the Tenth Day of November One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, or the faid recited Indentures of the Fifteenth Day of December One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix, or the faid recited Indentures of Leafe and Releafe of the Tvventy-firft and Twenty-fecond Days of December One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix, or the faid recited Indentures of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Days of March, One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, and the right Heirs, and Heirs according to the Cultom of Gavelkind of the faid firlt-named Thomas Huggett,) all fuch Eftate, Right, Title, Intereft, Pofiibility, Property, Claim, and Demand whatfoever, which they or any of them had, held, or enjoyed before the palling of this Aft, or could or might have had, held, or enjoyed, of, into, from, out of, or upon the faid Parts and Shares hereby veiled in and fettled upon the faid John Boys and Jofeph Martyr, their Heirs and- Affigns, in cafe this Aft had not been made.

V. And be it further enafted, That this Aft fhall be printed by the Printer to the King’s moll Excellent Majelty, and a Copy thereof, fo printed, fhall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Juftices, and others.

The FIRST SCHEDULE to which this A& refers:

Name of Place.

Saint Peter the Apoltle in the Ifle of Thanet, in the County of Kent.

Name of Tenants.	Premifes.	Quantity.
The Com mif-	Twenty-feven Fifty-	3 Acres,
fionersand Go-	fourths and Seventeen	more or lefs.
vernors of the	Forty-feconds of and	
Royal Hofpital	in an oftagonal Mef-	
for Seamen at	fuage ufed as a Light-	
Greenwich, in	houfc or Sea Mark, and	
the County of	commonly called or	
Kent.	known by the Name of the North Foreland Light- houfe, and the Scite and Ground whereon the fame flandeth, together with the Out-houfes, Buildings, Land and Premifes,	
	and alfo the free Ufe	1
\	and Benefit of all	!
	Roads, Ways, and PalTages for Horfes, Carriages, and other-wife heretofore ufed therewith and belonging thereto.	1  1  !  A. P.
l'er.-]	13 D	

Yearly Rent. £• «.

9° 9 9

THE

48t,GEORGII III. Cap. is

2958

The SECOND SCHEDULE to which this Aft refers, confidering as a Balls that the Entirety of the faid Premifes are <

The Shares to which the Infant is intitled in Fee Tail The Share to which the Infant is: intitled in Fee Simple The Shares outftanding in Thos.

Brown, Efq.

The Shares outftanding in the real Reprefentatives of John Fagg, in Trult for the faid Thomas Trown

£■ 315° ° IN0 WILLIAMS.

- ■	;v

EONPON. Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majefiy. 1808,

:qual to £3150.

j. ||ths, or Jf|ths, equal to | il-nds, or |f|ths, equal to ^ y7\ ths> equal to

\ 3 7Tthj, equal to

	£■		d
*	'STS	0	0
	l27S	0	0
	233	6	8
-	66	‘3	4

GEORGII III. REGIS.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO



Cap. 152.

An AS for inclofing Lands in the Pariih of Kirk-Smeaton,	in the Weft Riding of the County of

York.	[30th	June 1808.]

WHEREAS there are in the Pariih of Kirk-Smeaton, and within the Manor of Kirk-Smeaton, in the Weft Riding of the County of York, feveral Open and Common Fields, Paftures, Commons, Waites, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, containing by Eftimation, Nine Hundred Acres, or thereabouts, and alfo feveral in-cloied Lands and Grounds: And whereas Jofeph Madocks, and William Alexander Madocks Efquires, are Lords of the laid Manor of Kirk-Smeaton : And whereas the Reverend Richard Paver, Clerk, is the Redtor of the Rectory of Kirk-Smeaton aforefaid, and as fuch is entitled to all the Great and Small Tithes ariling within the faid Pariih, and the faid Reftor is alio entitled to certain Glebe Lands in the faid Pariih, and the Right Honourable Earl Fitxvnlliam is the prefent Patron of the faid . Re&ory And whereas the laid Jofeph Madocks, and William Alexander Madocks, and the Reverend Richard Perryn, Clerk, and divers other Perfons are Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds in the faid Open and Common Fields,, and the Lands and Grounds of the faid feveral Proprietors lie greatly intermixed and difperfed, and are other wile inconveniently fituare, and the Proprietors of all the faid Open and Common Fields, Paftures, Commons, Waites, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds are defirous that the -fame ihould be divided and allotted unto and among them proportionately, and according to the Value of their refpe&ive Ellates, Rights, and [Loc. & Per."}	33	E	Interefts





2962	4-8°GEORGII	III.	Cap. 152.

Interefts therein, and that fuch Allotments fliould be inclofed, and held i:i Severalty, and alfo that, in confideration of an adequate Compenfation all the Lands and Tenements in the faid Parifli, as well open as inclofetl, fliould be difeharged from Tithes; but the feveral beneficial Bur poles afore-faid cannot be effected, without the Aid of Parliament: May it therefore pleafe your Majefly, That it may be enafted, and be it enacted by the Kings moft Excellent Majeffy, by and with the Advice and Confenr of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this prefent Parlia-CoTmiluon- merit affetnbled, and by the Authority of the fame, that William White-cr appointed. Gf Jjrothcrlon, in the faid County 'of Fork, Gentleman, fhall be, and he is hereby appointed foie Commiffioner for ferting out, dividing, and allotting all the faid Open and Common Fields, Paftures, Commons, Waffes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, and for putting this Aft into Execution, in iuch Manner, and fubjeft to fuch Regulations, are hereinafter contained, and with fuch of the Powers, and fubjeft to fuch of the Rules, Orders, Direftions, Authorities, Regulations, Re-ftriftions, and Provifions contained in an Aft palled in the Forty-firff Year of the Reigri of His prefent Majelly, intituled. An Ad for ccn-folidattng in one Ad certain 'Provifions ufunlly inferted in Ads of Inch fare, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the feveral Fads ufu-ally required on the pqffing of fuch Ads, as are not controuled by or repugnant to any of the Claufes, Provifions, or Regulations contain* ed in this Aft.

II.	And be it further enabled. That if the faid William Whitelock fhall die, or refufe to aft, or become incapable cf acting as a Commiffioner in the Execution of this Aft, bt fore all the Powers, Authorities, and Trufts hereby repofed in the faid Commiffioner fliall be fully executed and performed, it fliall and may be lawful for the Majority in Value of the Proprietors of Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or their refpeftive Agents or Attomies prefent at a Meeting to he holdeu for that Purpofe, by Writing, under their refpeftive Hands, to nominate and appoint one other fit and proper Perfon not intereffed in the Premifes, to be a Commiffioner in the Place of the faid William Whitelock, provided that Ten days Notice of the Time, Place, and Purpofe of fuch Meeting ihall be given by Six or more of the faid Proprietors, in like Manner as hereinafter is directed with refpeft to the Attendances or Sittings of the faid Commiffioner, and that fuch Attcnaings or Sittings fhall be held in the Parifh of Kirk-Smeaton aforefaid, or within the Diitance of Eight Miles from the faid Parifh , and if any Commiffioner or Commiffioners, who fhall be appointed in the Place of the faid William Whikiock, fliall die, refufe to aft, or become incapable of afting as aforefaid, fuch future Vacancies fhall, in like Manner, be filled up by the Majority in Value of the faid Proprietors, and fo from Time to Time as there fliall be Occafion ; and if any fuch Commiffioner fhall negleft to attend Three fucceffive Sittings of the Commiffioners, unlefs prevented by Sicknefs, fuch Negleft ihall be deemed and taken to be a Refufal to aft in the Execution of this Aft, and every Perfon who fhall be nominated and appointed a Commiffioner in Manner aforefaid, fliall have the like Powers and Authorities in the Execution cf this Aft, as if he had been appointed a Commillion-er in and by this Aft.

III.	And be it further enafted. That it fliall and may be lawful for the laid Commiffioner, by and with the Approbation of the Majority in

-*	Value

Power Toap-

CoromiSon-

jjointed. P

296

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 152.

Value of the Proprietors, or iheir known Agents or Attornies, prefent at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpole, in like Manner as is hereinbefore dire&ed with refpeft to the Meeting for appointing a new Commiflioner, teftified by Writing under their refpeclive Hands, to appoint One or more fit and proper Perfon or Perfons not interefied in the Premifes, to be Surveyor or Surveyors for the Purpofes of this Act, and on any future Vacancy, in like Manner to appoint fome other Surveyor or Surveyors, and fo from Time to Time, as often as there fhall be Occafion ; and every fuch Surveyor (hall, at the Fir ft Sitting of the Paid Commiflioner, after his Appointment, take and fubferibe an Oath in the Form hereinafter let forth.

IV. And be it further .enacted. That no Perfon fhall be capable of a&ing as a Surveyor, in the Execution of this Ad, until he lhail have taken and fubferibed an Oath, in the Form following, viz.

‘ J do fineerely protnife and fvvear that I will act in the Execution of the Surveyor’s ‘ Powers, Authorities, and Trlifts repofed in me'as a Surveyor, by vir- Oath.

‘ tue of an Ad patted in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King ‘ George the Third, intituled 4 An Ad for inclofing Lands in the 4 Parifh of Kirk-Smeaton, in the Weft Riding of the County of Tork *

4 truly, impartially, and honeftiy, according to the bell of my Skill,

4 Judgment, and Ability, without Favour or Affedion, Prejudice or c Malice, to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever.

6	So help me GOD/

V.	And the.C.onimilTioner is hereby authorized to adminifter the faitl Oath to the (aid Surveyor, and the Oath fo taken and fubferibed by each Surveyor, {hall be enrolled with the Award of the Commiflioner.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That it fhall be lawful for the faid Co Commiflioner, and he is hereby required to caufe a Notice in Writing, cr’! under his Hand, fpecifying the Time and Place of his Firft Sitting for executing this Ad, to be affixed on the Principal Door of the Church of Kirk-Smeaton afo re 'aid, on fome Sunday before Divine Service, Ten Days at Ieaft before fuch Silting; and a;lfo to caufe the.like Notice to be given of every, fuch fubfequent Sitting, (Sittings by Adjournment only excepted,) and rt fiitil be lawful for the faid Commiflioner to adjourn his Sitting--, from Timfe to Time, as he fhall fee Occafion, for the Execution of this Ad; and all the Sittings of the faid Commiflioner lhail be held at fome Place within the Parifii of Kirk-Smeaton aiorefaid, or within the Diftance of Eight Miles therefrom.

nmifiion-

Stttmgs.

VII.	And be It further enacted, That in cafe any Difpate or Differ- CommiHimt. ence (half happen to arife between the Parties, that now are or (hall before the making of the Award hereinafter-mentioned, be intereifed in the faid intended Divifion and Inclofure, or any of them touching or concerning the refpeffive Shares or Proportions which they or any of them fhall claim in the faid hands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclofed as aforefaid, or touching or concerning the refpeftive Shares and Proportions, which they or any of them ought to have, of or in the faid intended Divifion and Inclofure, it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffion-tr, and he is hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the fame, provided that nothing herein contained (hall authorize the faid Commiflioner to determine any Diljpute or Difference which may arife,

touching

2964

Mrv aw^rd Cota.

Power to O' fputrd

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 152.

touching or concerning the Title of any Perfon or Perfons to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatfoever.

VIII.	And be it further enacted. That in cafe the Paid Commiflioner {hall, upon the hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to him in purfuance of the Paid ACl, or of this A&, fee caufe to award any Cods, it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiflioner, and he is hereby empowered, upon Application made to him for that Purpofe, to fettle, a fiefs, and award fuch Cofts and Charges, as he (hall think reafonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whofe Favour any Determination of the faid Commillioner fhall be made, by the Perfon or Perfons whofe Claim or Claims, Objection or ObieCtions, fhall be thereby difallowed or over-ruled ; and in cafe the Perfon or Perfons who (hall be liable to pay fuch Colls and Charges, fhall negleCt or refufe to pay the fame on Demand, then and in fuch Cafe it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiflioner, and he is hereby authorifed and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, directed to any Perfon whomfoever, to caufe fuch Cofis and Charges to be levied by Difirefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons fo negleCting or refufmg to pay the fame;, rendering the Overplus, (if any,) upon Demand, to the Perfon or Perfons whofe Goods and Chattels (hall have been fo diflrained and fold, after deducting the Cofis and Charges attending fuch Difirefs and Sale.

IX.	Provided always and be it further enaCled, That if any Perfon or Perfons making any Claim or Claims to any Lands or Hereditaments intended to be divided or affeCled by this ACl, or any Rights or Interefls therein, or objeCling to any fuch Claim or Claims, fhall be diflatisfied with the Determination of the faid Commiflioner, and fhall be defirous of having fuch Claim or Claims, Rights and Interefls, refpeCtively tried at Law'-, and the Perfon or Perfons fo defirous of having the fame tried at Law, fhall by themfelves, or their refpeClive Stewards, Receivers, Attornies, or Agents, give or caufe to be given, Notice thereof in Writing, to .the faid Commiflioner, within Two Calendar Months next after fuch Determination fhall have been fo made by the faid Commiflioner, (of which Notice, the faid Commiflioner is hereby required, immediately on Receipt thereof,- or as foorr after as conveniently may be, to give Information to the adverfe Party or Parties, or his, her, or their refpeClive Stewards, Receivers, Attornies, or Agents, by Writing, under his Hand, to be delivered to or left at the ufual' Place of Abode of fuch Party or Parties, Stewards, Receivers, Attornies, or Agents, as aforefaid,) then, but not afterwards, it fhall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons giving fuch Notice as aforefaid, their refpeClive Heirs, Succofiors and Afligns, and he, fhe, or they is and are hereby required to proceed to a Trial or Trials at Law', of the fame in a feigned ACtion or ACtions for that Purpofe to be commenced, in any of His Majefly’s Courts of Record at Wejiminjlcr by the Perfon or Perfons giving fuch Notice as aforefaid, againlt any Pcifon or Perfom; interested in the Paid Divifion who fhall make fuch QUjeCUon or Objections, within Two Calendar Months, next after fuch Notice fhall he given to the faid Commiflioner as aforefaid; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch ACtion or AClions, fhall.forthwith name an Attorney or Attornies, who fhall file Common Bail, or appear and accept One or more Iflue or I flues, whereby.all fuch Claim or Claims, and Rights and Interefls, may be properly tried and determined, fuch

5t	Iflue

2965

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 152.

IiVue or I flues to be fettled by the proper Officer of the Court wherein fuch ASion fhall be brought; if the Parties differ about the fame, and the VerdiS or VerdiSs which (hall be given in the faid ASion or ASions fhall be final and conclufive to all Perfons whomfoever; and after any VerdiS or Verdifts fhall have been obtained, and not fet afide by the Court, the faid Commiflioner fhall and he is hereby authorized and required to conform thereto ; but if no fuch ASion or ASions at law fhall be brought or commenced by the Perfon or Perfons giving fuch Notice, within the Time aforefaid, or if fuch ASion or ASions fhall not be proceeded in to a Trial or Trials, within Eight Calendar Months, from the Day of giving fuch Notice, by or on account of the NegleS or Default of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs there:n, then and in fuch Cafe the Determination of the Commiffioner fhall be final, binding and conclufive unto and upon all Parties whomfoever ; provided that it fhall be lawful for the Court in which any ASion commenced, in purfuance of this AS, fhall be depending, upon fufficient Caufe fhewn, to pur off the Trial of fuch ASion, or to award a new Trial therein, although the Time herein before limited for the Trial of fuch ASion may be thereby exceeded. Provided alfo, that if any of the Parties, in any ASion to be brought in purfuance of this AS, fhall die pending the fame, fuch ASion fhall not abate by rea-fon thereof, but fhall be proceeded in as if no fuch Event had happened.

X.	And be it further enaSed, That allTnidofures and Encroachments which fhall have been taken in, and mad'd' from, the laid Lands and Grounds hereby direSed to be divided and inclofed (fade and except fuch as have been peaceably and quietly enjoyed for the Space of Twenty Years laft part, or upwards, without any Interruption or Payment of any Acknowledgement') fhall be deemed Part and Parcel of the faid Lands and Grounds to be divided and inclofed in purfuance of this AS ; and in cafe ary Difference or Drfpute fhall arife, touching any fuch Incloftires or Encroachments being deemed Part or Parcel of the faid Lands and' Grounds fo to be divided and inclofed, fuch Differences or Difputes fhall be examined into, and determined by, the faid Commiffioner.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enaSecl, That nothing herein contained (bail authorife fuch Commiffioner to fet out, allot, or inclofe any. of the faid Commons, Waftes, or other Commonable Lands and Grounds adjoining the great Turnpike-Road leading from London to Edinburgh, within Thirty Feet from the Centre of the fame.

XII.	And be it further enaSed, That the faid Commiffioner fhall fet out, and appoint, and allot fuch and fo many Gravel Pits and Stone Quarries, as he fhall think neceffary, for the Ufe and Benefit of the Proprietors and Occupiers of the feveral Allbtments which fhall be fet out in purfuance of this AS, and of all the Lands and Tenements in refpeS of which any fuch Allotment fhall be made, to be ufed in or upon fuch Allotments, Lands, and Tenements refpeSively, or for making and repairing the Public Highways and Roads in the faidParifh, or to be fet out

, in purfuance of the laid AS, and this AS, but not for Sale, or for any other Ufe orPurpofe; and the faid Commiffioner fhall, by his Award, order and direS how and in what Manner the fame fhall be refpeSively worked for the general Advantage of the refpeSive Perfons interefted

A&ions not to abate by Death of the Parties.

Encroachments, except thofe made for Twenty Years, to be deemed Part of the Lands to be divided.

Lands not to be inclofed within thirty Feet of the Centre of the Turnpike Road.

Commiflt oners to fet out Gravel Pits and Mortar Pits, and how to be enjoyed.

2966

Dirtfting Lands to be fold for paying the Ex-pcnfes of ob taining and executing thi Aft.

48° GEORGII ill. Cap. 152.

Xin. And be it further enaded, That the faid Commiflioner fhall, in the next Place, mark and fet out fuch Part and Parts of the faid Commons and Waite Grounds as will, by the Sale thereof, be fully fufficient to defray and difcharge all the Colts, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and palling of this Ad, and of furveying, admeafuring, planning, valuing, dividing, fencing, and allotting the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclofed by virtue thereof, and all the Charges of the faid Commiflioner, his Afliftants and Servants, and all the other neceffary Expenfes of the feveral Perfons to be employed by the faid Commiflioner in and about the Premifes, and all the Expenfes of forming, completing, and repairing the Public Carriage Roads and Highways to be fet out and appointed by the faid Commiflioner, and of ring-fencing the Allotments for Tithes, and all other Expenfes of carrying this Ad into complete Execution, fubjed to the Provifo hereinafter contained refpeding the faid Open and Common Fields; and the faid Commiflioner fhall, and he is required to fell the Lands and Grounds fo marked and fet out in fuch Allotment or Allotments as to him fhall feem right and proper, to any Perfon or Perfons, for the belt Price or Prices that can be gotten for the fame, by private Contrad, or by public Audion or Audions, to be holden for that Purpofe, of which Six Weeks previous Notice fhall be given j and the Perfon or Perfons fo purchafmg the fame fhall immediately pay, by way of Depofit, into the Hands of the faid Commiflioner, or unto fuch Perfon or Perfons as he fhall dired or appoint. One-tenth Part of his, her, or their Purchafe Money, and pay the Remainder thereof within Three Calendar Months next after or at fuch other Time as the faid Commiflioner fhall appoint; and in default thereof, the Money fo depofited fhall be forfeited, and fhall be applied towards carrying this Ad into Execution ; and the Allotment or Allotments for which the whole of fuch Purchafe Money fhall not have been fo paid, or for which there fhall be, no Bidding at fuch Audion, fhall be again put up to Sale, and fold in Manner aforefaid, for the belt Price or Prices that can be gotten for the fame, or be fold by the faid Commiflioner by private Contrad, for any Sum or Sums not lefs than the remaining Nine-tenths of the Price or refpedive Prices for which the fame was or were refpedively before fold, or the Amount of one Bidding above the Sum or refpedive Sums at which the fame was or were refpedively put up in the faid former Audion ; and every Allotment for which the full Purchafe Money fhall be paid fhall immediately thereupon be abfolutely difcfrarged of and from all Common and other Right thereon or therein, and be yelled in Fee-fimple in, and be inclofed and thenceforth held in Severalty, by and at the Expence of fuch Purchafer or Pur-chafers thereof refpedively, as his, her or their private and abfolute Property, and fhall be allotted accordingly by the faid Commiflioner; and the laid Purchafe Money fhall be applied by the faid Commiflioner in defraying fuch Cofts^ Charges, and Expenfes as aforefaid; and the Overplus ot fuch Purchafe Money, (if any), after defraying fuch Colts, Charges, and Expenfes, fhall be equally distributed amongft the feveral Perfons interefled in the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds in proportion to their feveral and refpedive Rights and Interefls therein ; and fuch Money fhall be paid to fuch Perfons, or applied and difpofed of by the faid Commiflioner, in Manner direded by the faid Ad, made in the Forty-firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefly, whenever any Sum of Money is to be paid for the Purchafe or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements, or

Hereditaments

2967

4»°'GEORGII III. Cap. 152.

Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and .which Sum of Money ought to be laid out in the Purchafe of other Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments to be fettled to the fame Ufes.

XIV.	And whereas the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, in Right of his An Allot-Duchy of Lancajier is] feifed to himfelf, his Heirs and Succeffors, of the menttobe Honour of Pontefratt, in the County of Tork, in which Honour the

faid Lands and Grounds are fituate, lying, and bting; be it further Lord of the enabled. That it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiflioner, and he Honour of is hereby authorifed and required to fet out and allot unto the King*s Pontefraft-molt Excellent Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, in Right of his Duchy of Lancajier, as Lord of the Honour of Pontefraff, fuch Plot or Plots of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, as (hall in the Judgment of the faid Commiflioner, be equal to One-thirty-ftxth Part of the Wafte Lands within the faid Manor of Kirk-Smeaton, as a Compenfation for the Right and Intereft of the laid King’s Majefty in, over, and upon the Wafte Lands within the Manor hereby dire&ed to be divided and allotted; and the faid Commiflioner (hall, and he is hereby required, within Three Months after the Execution of the Award, to make an Extract on Parchment, under his Hand, of fo much thereof as (hall contain an accurate Defcription of the Allotment or Allotments which (hall be made to His faid Majefty, together with fuch Regulations or Provifions relative to fuch Allotment or Allotments, or to any other Rights or Interefts of His faid Majefty, as may be contained in fuch Award, and (hall annex to fuch Extract a Map or Plan of fuch Allotment or Allotments, and tranfmit the fame to the Clerk of the Council of His Majefty’s Duchy of Lancajier, for the Time being.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Direfling Commiflioner, and he is hereby authorifed and required, to divide, fet Jow t

out, and allot all the Refidue of the Open and Common Fields, Paftures,	c

Commons, Waftes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, dire died and intended to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Aft, in Manner following, that is to fay, the faid Commiflioner (hall fet out and allot unto and for the Lords or Lord of the Manor of Kirk-Smeaton fuch Plot or Plots of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, as (hall, in the Judgment of the faid Commiflioner, be equivalent to One-Thirty-fixth Part of the Wafte Lands within the faid Manor, as a Compenfation for the Rights and Intereft of the Lords and Lord of the faid Manor in and to the Soil of all the Wafte Lands within the faid Manor hereby directed to be divided and allotted ; and the faid Commif-fioner (hall i’et out unto and for the Reftor of the faid Parifh of Kirk-Smeaton, previous to any Allotment for Sale as hereinbefore expreffed, fuch Plot or Plots of the faid Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, as (hall, in the Judgment of the faid Commiflioner, be equivalent to One-fifth Part of all the Open, Arable, or Tillage Lands, and One-ninth of all the Common Pafture, Commons, Waftes, and other Commonable Lands, and One-feventh Part of all the ancient inclofed Lands, within the faid Pari(h, which are fubjeft and liable to the Payment of Tithes to the faid Re&or, and which lhall remain after the Roads, and other public Conveniences hereby directed to be fet out in the 6 f	fame

968

48* GEORG 11 III. 'Cap. i fa.

fame Parifh; fhall be deducted therefrom; and fuch Allotment or Allotments, when fo afligned, fet out, and allotted to the faid Re&or and his Succeflbrs, fliall be, and be deemed to be a full Satisfa&ion and Compen-fation to the faid Re&or and his Succeflbrs for all Tithes both great and fmall, and all Modufes, and all other ecclefiaftical Dues and Payments whatsoever (Mortuaries, Eajler Offerings, and Surplice Fees excepted) yearly ifiuing, arifing, renewing, increafing, or payable out of or from all the Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, and out of all and every of the Mefluages, Tenements, Gardens, Orchards, and old Inclofures within the faid Parifh; and fuch Allotment or Allotments, when fo afligned, fet out, and allotted, fhall be, and be deemed and taken to be Freehold, and fhall be ring-fenced, and which Fences to be made in a proper and effe&ual Manner, on the out-fide, with Polls, double Rails, Quickfets, and the neceffary Gates, by and under the Dire&ion of the faid Commtffioner, at the Expense of the faid Proprietors ; and that the Allotments fo to be made to the faid Rector and his Succeflbrs in lieu of Tithes of the Open Lands and Ancient In-clofed Fields fhall be made out of and from the faid Open Arable Lands, Pafture, Commons, and Wafte Grounds; and laftly, the faid Commit fioner fhall fet out and allot all the Refidue and Remainder of the faid Open and Common Fields, Pa flu res, Commons, Waftes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby directed or intended to be divided or allotted, unto, for, or among the faid JofepJj Madccks, and William Alexander Madocks, Richard Perryn, and the feveral other Proprietors, their refpedtive Heirs, Succeflbrs, or Afligns, or the Perfon or Perfons feifed for their refpedtive Edates, for the Time being, and all other the Proprietors of Lands or other Hereditaments therein for which no Allotment or other Compenfation is herein fpecially directed to be made, in fuch Quantities, Parts, Shares, and Proportions as the faid Commiffioner fhall adjudge an.d determine to be a juft Equivalent, Compenfation, and Satif-faclion, for their faid feveral Lands and other Hereditaments, in proportion to the refpe&ive Values thereof, fubje£fc neverthelefs to fuch particular Directions as are herein contained, or referred to concerning the fame. And in fetting out all fuch Allotments as aforefaid, the faid Commifiion-tr fhall have due Regard to the Quantity, Quality, Situation, and Convenience thereof; and fhall lay the lame as contiguous as may be to the Mefluages, Buildings, and inclofed Lands of the Proprietors to whom fuch Allotments fhall be made.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further tenacted. That the faid Ccm-miffioner fhall, and he is hereby authorized and required to divide fuch Rtfidue as aforefaid of the faid Commons and Waftes among the feveral Parties interefled, in Manner following (that is to fay), one Moiety or equal Half Part thereof amongfl the feveral Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who, at the Time of making fuch Allotment, fhall be Owners of ancient Mefluages and Cottages or Frontfteads, having Right of Common on the faid Commons and Waftes, and the other Moiety thereof among the Owners of ancient inclofed and open Field Lands in the faid Parifh having Common Rights upon the faid Commons and Waftes.

Forexoncrat- XVII. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That in cafe the SfurcT'1 ^>roi>rietor or Joint Proprietors of any Mefluages, Cottages, Bomefteads, *	.Gardens,

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 152.	2969

Gardens, Orchards, or Inclofed Lands or Grounds, in the faid Parifli of &c- of Pro-Kirk-Smeaton, (hall not be entitled, upon the faid Divifion, to a luilicienc J'a'“norSo°en Quantity of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and FicldVrc/per-allotred to exonerate the faid Meffiiages, Cottages, Homefteads, Gardens, ty. Orchards, or inclofed Lands or Grounds from Tithes, then, and in £uch Cafe or Cafes, the Commiflioner (hall, and he is hereby authorized and empowered to charge the Proprietor or joint Proprietors thereqf refpeftive-ly with fuch Sum or Sums of Money as (hall, in the Judgment of the faid Commiflioner, be a juft and full Compenfation and Satisfadion for the Fee-fimple of the Tithes thereof refpedively, according to tHe Pro. portions aforefaid, and fuch Sum and Sums of Money (hall be paid by fuch Proprietor or joint Proprietors refpedively, to the (aid Commiflioner, to be by him applied in fuch Manner as he (hall think proper, towards defraying the Expences of obtaining this Ad, and carrying the fame into Execution, and in cafe of Non-payment thereof, at the Time appointed by the Commiflioner for that Purpofe, the fame lhall be raifed and levied, in fuch Manner as is provided for raifing and levying the Expenfes of obtaining and executing this Ad, in cafe of Negled or Refqfal to pay the fame. Provided that in cafe more Money (hall be paid to the faid Commiflioner, in refped of Tithes, than will be required to defray fuch Expenfes as laft aforefaid, the Surplus Money (hall be divided and apportioned among the Proprietors of the feveral Allotments to be fet out in purfuance of this Ad, in fuch Shares and Proportions as the faid Commiflioner (hall dired, and the Shares of fuch of them as (hall be Tenants of their Eftates in Fee-fimple, (hall be paid to them refpedively, and the Shares of the other Proprietors in fuch Surplus Money (hall be applied in Manner direded by the faid Ad, in Cafes where any Money is to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments, or any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be fettled to the fame Ufes.

XX.	And be it further enaded, That the feveral Allotments herein Allotment direded to be made to the faid Redor, and his Succeflors, lhall be in full be made to Sarisfadion and Difcharge of and from all Tithes both great and fmall, be^ii™of° and all Modufes and other Ecclefiaftical Dues and Payments whatfoever, all his Tithes. (Mortuaries, Eajler Offerings, and Surplice Fees excepted), iflfuing, ari-

ling, renewing, or payable to the faid Redor, and his Succeflors, from and out of fuch of the Lands and Grounds by this Ad direded to be divided, allotted, and enclofed, and out of fuch of the feveral Meflua-ges, Tenements, Gardens, Orchards, and old Inclofures, lying and being within the faid Parifli of Kirk-Smeaton, for which fuch Satisfadion or Compenfation (hall have been made in Manner aforefaid.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That until the Exe- Re&or to be cution of the Award to be made by the faid Commiflioner, or until fuch entitled to other Time pievious thereto, as the faid Commiflioner (hall, by Writing Tithes, until under his Hand, dired or appoint, and until Satisfadion and Compenfa- ^Compen-tion (hall have been made as aforefaid, the faid Redor and his Succeflors fation. ‘ (hall be entitled to, and (hall have, receive, and enjoy all his and their refpedive Tithes, in fuch Manner as he and they refpedively could or might

have had, received, and enjoyed the fame, in cafe this Ad had not been made.

2>97°

Authorizing the Cotnaiif-fior.er tn make Ex.

Expends of Exchanges and Partitions to be paid by the Parties interred.

For fufpend-

ffuilhing

Common

Rights.

48" GEORGII III. Cap. 152.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That when the Proprietor or Pro-piietors of any Lands or other Hereditaments, which (ball be allotted or exchanged by virtue of this A£t, (hall hold their Paid refpecHve Lands or Hereditaments by different Tenures or for different Eftate?, or under different Titles, the Paid Commiffioner fhail, upon the Requeft of fuch refpec-tive Proprietors, in Writing under their Hands, afeertain and diffinguifh the Lands or other Hereditaments held by each of fuch Tenures for each of fuch Eflates, and under each of fuch Titles refpe&ively, and (hall, accordingly in his faid Award, fet out and diffinguifh diffinct and feveral Allotments for fuch refpe&ive Lands or other Hereditaments.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That it fhail and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioner to fet out, allot, and award any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatfoever, within the faid Parifh of Kirk-Smcaton, in lieu cf and in exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatfoever, within that Parifh, or within any adjoining Parifh, Hamlet, or Townfhip, fo as all fuch Exchanges be afeerrained, fpecified, and declared in the faid Award of the faid Commiffioner, and be made with the Confent of the refpe&ive Owners or Proprietors, or Cejiui qne Trujls, being beneficially entitled for not lefs than a Life Effate of and in the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments w hich fhail be fo exchanged, or with the Confent of the Guardians, Truftees, Feoffees for charitable and other Ufes, Elufbar.ds, Committees, or Attornies of, or a&ing for any fuch Proprietors or Owners as aforefaid, who, at the Time of making luch Exchange or Exchanges, fhail be refpectively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, or under any other legal Difability, or who fhail be beyond the Seas, or othervvife difabled to act for themfelves, himfelf, or herfelf, (fuch Confent to be teffified in Writing under the common Seal of any Corporation aggregate, and under the Hands of the other confent-ing Parlies refpectively) ; and that all and every fuch Exchange and Exchanges fo to be made fhail be good, valid, and effe&ual in the Law, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever: Provided neverthelefs, that no Exchange (hall be made of any Lands or Hereditaments held in Right of any Church, Chapel, or other ecclefiaffical Benefice, without the Confent of the Patron thereof, and the Bifhop of the Diocefe, refpectively teffified as aforefaid.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That all Coffs,' Charges, and Expenfes attending the making and completing any Exchanges and Partitions, fhail be paid and borne by the feveral Perfons making any fuch Exchanges or Partitions, in fuch Manner, and in luch Proportions, as the faid Commiffioner fhail order and direft.

XXV.	And be it further ena&ed, That it fhail and may be lawful to and for the laid Commiffioner, and he is hereby empowered, at any Time or Times before the Execution of the faid Award, by giving Thirty Days’ Nofice in Writing, under his Eland, to be affixed upon the Doors cf the Parifh Church oi Kirk-Smcaton aforefaid, fuch Notice to be given previouflv to Old Lady Day, and otherwile not until after Old Midfummer Day, in any Year, to order and direct all or any Part of the Rights of Common in, over, ar.d upon the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds or any Part thereof, to beextinguifhed, or the Exercife thereof to be fufpended, for and during fuch Time as fhail be expreffied in fudi Writing j and that

all

2971

4.S0 GEORGII III. Cap. 152.

all Tccfi Rights of Common as the faid Commiffioner fhall, by fuch Writing, order and direft to be extinguiflied, or the Exercife thereof to be furpended as aforefaid, fhall, from the Time of affixing fuch Writing on the faid Church Doors, ceafe, determine, and be extinguiflied, or the •Exercife thereof be fufpended accordingly, any Law, Ufage, or Cuflom to the contrary thereof notvrithftanding.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful to Authorizing and for any Perfon or Perfons beneficially interefted in the faid Inclofure

(other than and except only the faid Reftor for the Time being, and thofe th-ir Alloc-to whom Allotments or Allotment may be made in trull for any College, ments before Chapel, School, Hofpital, or other public Ufe or Charity), at any Time ll‘c Award, before the Execution of the Award to be made by the faid Commiffioner, to fell, or mortgage, or convey all or any Part of fuch Eftate, Right, Title,

Intereft, Lands, Allotments, and Property as he, fhe, or they now have or hath, or fhall or may hereafter have in or to any Right of Common in or upon the faid Common Fields, Waite and other Commonable Lands, or in or to any Allotment or Allotments to be made in refpeft thereof by virtue of this Aft feparate and apart from the Eftate in Right whereof he, flie, or they is, are, or fhall be fo entitled or interefted } and that in cafe of any fuch Sale previoufly to the Execution of fuch Award, it lhall be lawful for the faid Commiffioner, and he is hereby authorized and required, at the Requeft of the Vendor or Vendors, fignified in Writing to theCom-mifiioner, under the Hand or Hands of fuch Vendor or Vendors, to allot the fame at once and direftly to the Purchafer and Purchafers thereof refpeftivcly, who fhall and may immediately thereupon have, hold, ufe, and enjoy the Allotment or Allotments purchafed by him, her, or them as aforefaid, in as full, large, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, and upon the fame Tenure as the Vendor or Vendors thereof could or might have done and held the fame in cafe fuch Sale had not been made, but fubjeft neverrhelefs to the feveral Rules, Orders, Condi-diiions, and Reftriftions contained in or authorifed by this Aft; and that the Expenfes attending fuch Sale or Sales fhall be paid by the Purchafer or refpeftive Purchafers when and as the Commiffioner fhall order and direft.

XXVII.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons, en- Allotments titled in Fee-fimple to any Allotment or Allotments of the faid Open that may hap-Fields and other Commonable Lands, fhall, by any Writing under his, pent® be fold her, or their Hand or Hands, to be delivered to the faid Commiffioner at °£e any of his Sittings previoufly to preparing the Draft of his Award, fignify lotted to the that he, fhe, or they hath or have fold and difpofed of his, her, or their Purchaiera Allotment orAllotments to any Perfon or Perfons to be named and de- jv Awf'd** feribed in fuch Writing, and fhall defire the lame to be fet out, allotted, ra wa‘ and appointed to the Perfon or Perfons fo purchafing the fame, the faid Commiffioner, in every fuch Cafe fhall, and he is hereby authorifed to fet

out, and allot, and appoint the faid Allotment or Allotments of the Perfon or Perlons who fhall have given fuch Notice, to the Perfon or Perfons mentioned in fuch Notice to be the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof, and fuch Allotment and Allotments, fo fold and difpofed of, fhall in every fuch Cafe, from and after the Execution of the faid Award, become, and the fame is and are hereby declared to be veiled in Fee-fimple in the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame fhall have been by fuch Notice in

Writing

2972

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 152.

Writing as aforefaid fo fignified and declared to be fold and difpofed of and his, her, and their Heirs and Afiigns, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

Fencing the XXVIII. And be it further enacted. That the Plot or Plots of Land lot meats	which hi Manner aforefaid {hall be allotted to the Reftor of Kirk-Smeaton

for his Glebe Lands, and Tithes of or belonging to the faid Redory, fliall be inelofed and fenced round the Boundaries thereof with Ditches and Quickfet Hedges, or other proper Fences, to be made in fuch Time and Manner, and at the Expen fe of fuch of the Proprietors of the Lands and Tenements to be exonerated from Tithes by virtue of this Aft, and in fuch Proportions as the faid Commiflioner fhall direft; and the faid Commiflioner fliall direft what Parts and Proportions of the faid Fences fhall belong to and afterwards be kept in Repair by the faid Reftor, and his Succeffors, and the other Proprietors of Allotments refpeftively; and the feveral other Allotments to be made by virtue of this Aft fliall be inelofed, hedged, ditched, and fenced, at the Expenfe of the refpeftive Proprietors to whom fuch Fences fliall be allotted or direfted to belong, with Quickfets, and in fuch other Manner, and within fuch Time as the faid Commiflioner fliall, by his faid Award, or^any other Writing under his Hand, direft or appoint.

For deter- XXIX. And be it further enafted. That it fliall be lawful for the mining Commiflioner, at any Time previous to the Execution of the faid Award, Rack*Rent *n C2i'es where he in his Difcretion fliall deem it neceflfary or expedient for the due Execution of this Aft, by any Writing or Writings under his Hand, to determine and make void all or any of the Leafes, or Agreements for Leafes, at Rack Rent, or from Year to Year then fubfifting, of all or any Part or Parts of the Lands or Grounds in the faid Parifh of Kirk-Smcaton which are hereby direfted to be divided and allotted, and which fliall be exonerated from Tithes refpeftively by virtue of this Aft, and of all other Lands and Hereditaments demifed, or agreed to be demifed by or comprifed in fuch Leafes and Agreements refpeftively, either as to the whole, or as to fome Part or Parts only of the Hereditaments comprifed in fuch Leafes and Agreements refpeftively, and at fuch Time or Times in the Year as the faid Commiflioner fhall in his Difcretion think mod convenient and expedient, according to the Circumftar.ces of the Cafe; and in all Cafes where any fuch Leafes or Agreements fliall be fo determined as aforefaid, the faid Commiflioner fliall afeertain and declare whether any, and what Sum and Sums of Money in grofs ought to be paid, or any and what Deduction or Abatement in the referved Rent or Rents ought to be made by the LefTors or Landlords, to the Lefiees or Tenants, as a Compenfation or Satisfaction for fuch total or partial De-termination of their refpeftive Leafes or Agreements; and fuch Sums in grofs and reduced Rents, fo afeertained and declared as aforefaid, fliall refpeftively become payable or commence at fuch Time or Times, and in fuch Manner as the faid Commiflioner fhall direft and appoint; and all fuch Sums in grofs fhall be charged upon the Lands in refpeft of which the fame fliall be payable, and fliall and may be levied and recovered in like Manner as is herinafter provided or mentioned with refpeft to the levying and recovering the Expenlcs of pafling and executing this Aft; and all fuch reduced Rents fhall, after the Commencement thereof, be payable and reco-vcrable in like banner as the Rents originally referved would have been 2t	payable

2973

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 152.

payable and recoverable if this Ad had not palled ; and in all Cafes where fuch fubfilling Leafes or Agreements fhall continue, as to the Whole or any Part or Parts of the Hereditaments therein comprifed, it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiflioner in like Manner to afcertain and declare whether any and what additional Rent or Rents ought to be paid by the Leffees or Tenants to the Leflbrs or Landlords for or in refped of any Improvement in the annual Value of the Hereditaments comprifed in fuch Leafes or Agreements refpedively, by reafcn of the fame being divided and allotted, exonerated from Tithes, and exchanged refpedively by virtue of this Ad; and fuch additional Rents fo afcertained and declared as lafl aforefaid, (hall commence at fuch Time or Times as the faid Commiflioner fhall direct and appoint, and fhall afterwards be payable and recoverable in like Manner as the Rents originally referved would have been payable and recoverable if this Ad had not palled ; and it {hall be lawful for the faid Commiflioner in like Manner to fettle, afcertain, and declare the Courfe of Hufbandry to be ufed by fuch Leffees or Tenants during the Remainder of their fubfifting Leafes or Agreements in all Cafes where they fhall deem it neceffary and proper fo to do.

XXX.	And be it further enaded, That from and after the pafling of Commifilon-this Ad, until the Execution of the Award of the faid Commiflioner, all ^uhte^he the Open and Common Fields hereby directed to be divided and allotted Cultivation*1 fliall be fubjed and liable to fuch Diredions and Regulations as the faid 0f the Lands Commiflioner fhall, from Time to Time, by Writing under his Hand, until the Di-appoint, as well with regard to the flocking as to the ploughing, folding, vlUon* tilling, fovving, and laying down the fame; and it fliall and may be

lawful to and for the faid Commiflioner to order and direct fuch Sum and Sums of Money inrefpedt thereof to be paid by any Perfon orPerfons imerefted in the faid Open and Common Fields, his, her, or their Tenant or Tenants, as he, the faid Commiflioner, fliall think reafonable, and alfo to afiefs the Value of the Crops, Seeds, Manure, and Fxpenfes of Dref-fings, Ploughings, and other Working of the Arable Lands, to be divided and inclofed in purfuance of this Ad, and to direct what Ihould be paid, and by whom, for and in refped thereof, as in the Cafe between Outgoing and Incoming Tenants ; and in cafe any Perfon or Pcrfons who fliall be direded to pay any Sum or Sums of Money, on any of the Accounts aforefaid, fliall negied or refufe to pay the fame on Demand, then and in fuch Cafe, it fhall and'may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioner, and he is hereby authorized and required, to raife and levy the lame for the Ufe and Benefit of the Perfon orPerfons entitled thereto, by fuch Ways and Means as the Cofts, Charges, and Fxpenfes of obtaining and executing this Ad, in cafe the Money ariflng by the Sale of fuch Lands as aforefaid fhall be infufficient for fuch Purpofes, may be railed and levied.

XXXI.	And be it further enaded. That the Award to be made by the Direaingthc' faid Commiflioner, in Manner direded by the faid former Ad, fhall. Award to be within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months from the Execution thereof, enrolled.

be enrolled in the public Regifter Office at Wakefield, in the faid Weft Riding of the faid County of Tork\ and the Regiltrar of the faid Office, or his Deputy, for the Time being, is and are hereby direded to caule the faid Award to be enrolled in one of the Books ufed for enrolling Bargains and Sales of Lauds in the faid Office accordingly, and a true Copy (to be figned by the faid Commiflioner) of the Map or Plai*annexed to fuch Per.J	33	H	Award,

4.8" GEORGII III. Cap. 152.

Award, {hall be alfo lodged at the fa id Regifler Office at the Time of the Enrolment of the faid Award, and there kept for ever; and the faid Award, together with the Map or Plan thereto annexed, (hall, immediately after the Enrolment of fuch Award, be put into and kept in a Tin Box, and be lodged for fafe Cuftody in the Pari (It Church of Kirk-Smeaton aforefaid, for ever, for the Infpeftion and Perufal of the feveral Perfons interefted therein, or their refpeftive Agents, (who (hall be at Liberty to infpeft and perufe the fame, on Application for fuch Purpofe, at all feafonable Times), and to make Copies or Ext rafts therefrom • and the faid Regiftrar (hall be entitled to fuch Fees for the Enrolment of the faid Award as he is entitled to for enrolling any Bargain and Sale; and the faid Regiftrar, or his Deputy, for the Time being, fliall permit any Perfon or Perfons whomfo-ever, from Time to Time, within the Office Hours of Attendance, to perufe the Enrolment of the faid Award at the Regifler Office, and to infpeft and examine fuch Copy of the faid Map or Plan, paying for the fame, to fuch Regiftrar or his Deputy, One Shilling, and no more ; and fliall, from Time to Time, upon Eequeft to him made, by any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, caufe a true Copy of the Whole, or any Part or Parts of the Enrolment of the faid Award, to be made and written out from fuch Enrolment, and fliall from Time to Time, when requefted, certify the fame, under his Hand, to be a true Copy from fuch Enrolment; for which the faid Regiftrar, or his Deputy, making the fame, fliall be paid after the Rate of Four Pence per Sheet, reckoning Seventy-two Words to each Sheet, and r.o more : and the faid original Award, or a true Copy of the Enrolment thereof, or any Part thereof,'fo certified under the Hand of the faid Regiftrar, or his Deputy for the Time being, as aforefaid, (hall from Time to lime, be allowed and admitted as legal Evidence in all Courts whatfoever.

XXXI!. And be it further enacted, That no Cattle, Sheep, or Lambs fliall be kept on any of the Allotments to be made by virtue of this Aft out of the faid Open and Common Fields, Commons and Wafts Grounds during the Space of Seven Years next alter the Execution of the faid Award, mile Is the Perfon or Perfons fo keeping the fame (hail firft at his, her, or their own Expence, make and maintain a Fence fufficient to guard the young Quick Fences round fuch Allotments from being cropped, hurt, or damaged by fuch Cattle, Sheep, or Lambs, whether fuch Quick Fences be planted or fer by the Owners or Occupiers of fuch Allotments as aforefaid, or by the Owner or Occupier of the Allotment or Allotments adjoining thereto.

XXXII!. And be it further enacted. That the Commifiioner who fhall aft in the Execution of this Aft, fliall be allowed and paid the Sum of Three Guineas for each Day he fhall aftually attend and be employed as a Commiffioner in the Execution of this Aft, or fliall necefiarilv travel from Home to attend his Sittings, or when returning Home after having attended fuch Sittings, in full Satisfaction for his Trouble and Expencea in the Execution of this Act.

XXXIV.	And be it further enafted, That all the Cofts, Charges, and

Experices of foliciting and pa fling this Aft, and of furveying, admeafurino, ami valuing, as well the faid Open and Common Fields, Paitures, Commons, Wafl.es, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby direfted ie be divided and‘■allotted,.as the faid inclofed Lands and Tenements hereby

direfted

2 9 75

4.8°GEORGII III. Cap. 152.

directed to be exonerated from Tithes, and of dividing and altering the fame Open and Common Fields, Paftures, Commons, Waftes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, and of forming and making the public Roads, public or common Drains, Sewers, Water-courfes, Watering Places for Cattle, Wells, Bridges, and other Conveniences which (hall be fet out by virtue of this Act, and of making fuch Exchanges as aforefaid, and of preparing and enrolling the faid Award, and all other the Gods, Charges, and Expenses of the faid Commiffioner, and of the feveral Perfons employed by him, either before or after the Execution of the faid Award, in, about, or concerning the Execution of this Act,' and not herein otherwife directed to be paid, Avail be paid, borne, and defrayed by the King’s Majefty, and all other the Owners of, or Perfons interefted in, as well the fame Open and Common Fields, Failures, Commons, Wafles, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which Avail be rtfpedively exonerated from Tithes, and exchanged by virtue of this Act (except the Rector of Kirk-Svisaton, in refpect of the Glebe Lands and Tithes, of or belonging to the faid Redory,) in proportion as near as may be to their refpedive Eftates and Interells (due Regard being had to the Expences occafioned by each Perfon’s Eftates, and alfo to the Value and Improvement thereof,) and the Shares and Proportions of the faid Colts, Charges, and Expences to be borne by the faid refpec-tive Owners and Perfons interefted, Avail be fettled and afcertained by fuch Commiffioner, and Aiall be paid to fuch Perfon or Perfons, at fuch Time or Times either before or after the Execution of the faid Award, as the faid CommiAioner Avail direct or appoint by Writing, under his Eland, affixed on the principal Doors of the Pat ifiv Church of Kirk-Smea-ion aforefaid ; and in cafe any Perfon or Perfons Avail refufe or neglect to pay his, her, or their Share or Proportion of the faid Colts, Charges, and Expences, according to fuch Direction or Appointment as aforefaid, the laid Cofovmiflioner Avail and may raife and levy the fame, by fuch Remedies, Ways, and Means, as are provided or mentioned in and by the laid Ad of the Forty-firlt Year of the Reign of His prefent Majelty.

XXXV.	And be it further enaded, That it Aiall and may be lawful Tenants for to and for the ITufbands, Guardians, Truftees, Committees, or Attornies	to

of any of the Owners or Proprietors of any of the Lands hereby authorifed Charge their to be divided or allotted, or of any inclofed Lands within the faid Eftates with Parillv, being under Coverture, Minors, Lunatics, beyond Seas, or under the Expences any other Difability, and for any of the faid Owners or Proprietors being Tenants in Tail, or for Life, or Lives, or Years determinable on a Life ce'rU^ Re-or Lives, or on any other Contingency, or otherwife interefted as afore- Unctions, faid (except the Rector of the faid Parifli of Kirk-Smeatoii) to charge fuch Lands and Premifes with fuch Sum or Sums of Money as the faid Coramiffioner Avail by Ms Award, or by Writing under his Hand, either before or after the Execution of fuch Award adjudge neceffary to pay and defray the Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining this Ad and carrying the fame into Execution, and of charging the faid Lands as aforefaid, fo that the fame Avail not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds for every Acre of fuch Lands, and to grant, mortgage, leafe, or demife, or othei wife, fubjed the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments fo to be charged unto fuch Perfon or Perfons as Avail advance and lend the fame reipeCtively, his, her, or their Executors,

Adminiftrators,

29.76;

Proprietors to pay their

•wn Ex-fcnees at

Money advanced for puffing the Aft to be repaid with

Tei

> be of the

they were

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 152.

Adminiftrators, and Affirms, for any Term or Number of Years; or in cafe any Perfon in Poffeffion who (hall or may be liable to and^ charged with a Share of the Expences as aforefaid, or enabled by this Aft to charge fuch Lands with the fame, (hall choofe to advance, pay, and difeharge fuch Sum or Sums of Money, then it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiffioner by any Deed or Writing under his Hand and Seal, to be attefted by Two or more credible Witnefles, in like Manner to grant, mortgage, furrender, leafe, demife, or otherwife fubjeft the faid Lands and Premifes to fuch Perfcn or Perfons refpeftively paying and difeharging the fame, his, her, or their Executors, Adminiftrators, and Affigns for any Term or Number of Years to and for the Payment of fuch Sum and Sums of Money fo advanced, paid, and difeharged by him, her, or them, with lawful Intereft for the fame, to commence on the Termination of his, her, or their Right in the Premifes; fo that every fuch Grant, Mortgage, Leafe, or Demife, be made with a Provifo or Condition to ceafe and be void, or with an exprefs Truft to be furrendered or re-af-figned when fuch Sum or Sums of Money thereby to be fecured fhall be fully paid and farisfied, and alfo with a Covenant to pay and keep down the Intereft, fo that no Perfon or Perfons afterwards becoming pofleffed or entitled to any fuch Lands and Premifes fhall be liable to pay any further or larger Arrear of Intereft than for Six Calendar Months preceding the Time when the Title to fuch Poffeffion fhall have commenced, and that every fuch Charge, Grant, Mortgage, Leafe, or Demife fhall be good, valid, and effeftual in the Law, for the Purpofes thereby intended.

XXXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That the faid Proprietors, their Attornies and Agents, fhall pay their own Expences, when they or any of them fhall attend the faid Commiffioner, at any Sitting to be holden in purfuance of this Aft.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted. That the Money which fhall be advanced or lent for the Purpofe of obtaining and palling this Aft fhali be repaid, w ith lawful Intereft, to the Perfon or Perfons who fhall advance or lend the fame, his Executors, Adminiftrators, or Afligns, out of the firft Monies which fhall be raifed for defraying the Expences of palling and executing this Aft.

XXXVIII.	And it is hereby further enafted and declared, That the feveral Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which fhall be refpeftively allotted and exchanged by virtue of this Aft, fhall, upon the Allotment and Exchange thereof refpeftively, go and remain to the fame Perfons for the fame hftates and Interefts, and to the fame Dies, upon the fame Trufts, and to and for the feme Intents and Purpofes, and be under and fubjeft to the fame Powers, Provifoes, Limitations, Conditions, Covenants, Agreements, Debts. Charges, Incumbrances and Provifions of every Kind, and in the fame Manner as the Hereditaments, in refpeft whereof the fame Lands, 'Tenements, and Hereditaments, fhall be refpeftively allotted and exchanged, would belong or hand, or be limited to or upon, or fubjeft unto, if fuch Allotment and Exchange thereof had not been made, or this Aft had not been pa fled, but fuch Allotments fhall, neverthelels, be fubjeft to fuch Charges and Incumbrances thereon as fhall be made in pur-luance of this Act.

at

XXXIX. And

480 GEORGIA III.	Cap. 152.	2977

XXXIX.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Commiflioner {hall, Commloa. and he is hereby required to keep, or caufe to be kept, a juft and true cri; to ac' Statement and Account of all Sums of Money which (hall be raifed or 000 ' received and laid out, or expended by him or his Order, or for his Ufe, under or by virtue or in the Execution of this Aft, and of what fliall be due and owing to him lor his own Trouble or Expcnces, and (hall truly and regularly enter all the Particulars of fuch Statements and Accounts, in a Book to be provided for that Purpofe; and fuch Accounts fliall, at leaft once in every Year from the palling of this Act, till fuch Accounts {hall be finally allowed, together with the Vouchers relating to the fame, be examined and lettled by Rickard Paver, of Kirk-Smeaton aforefaid.

Clerk, who is hereby appointed Auditor for that Purpofe; and in cafe of his Death, or Refufal to ad, by fuch other fit and proper Perfon as fliall be appointed Auditor in his Stead, by the Majority in Value of the faid Proprietors, at a Meeting to be holden in like Manner as is hereinbefore direded with refped to the Meeting of the faid Proprietors, for the Purpofe of appointing a Commiflioner in the Place of the faid William Whitclock; and fuch Auditor for the Time being fha.ll from Time to Time ftate in Writing under his Hand the Balance of the faid Accounts, in fuch Book as aforefaid ; and that no Charge or Item in fuch Accounts fliall be binding on the Parties concerned, or be valid in Law, unlefs the lame fliall be duly allowed by fuch Auditor ; and alfo that fuch Book of Accounts fliall be kept at the Office of the Clerk of the faid Commiflioner, and fliall be open to the Infpedion of any of the faid Proprietors or their Agents, at all reafonable Times during the Progrefs of the laid Divifion and Inclofure, and until the faid Accounts fhall have been finally fettled and allowed; and in cafe the faid Commiflioner or his Clerk fhall refufe or negled fo to do. the Commiflioner and Clerk refpedivelv fo refufing or neglecting, fhall for every fuch Refufal or Neglect, forfeit and pay to any Perfon who fhall fue for the fame, the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wefiminjler} by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe.

XL. And be it further enacted. That if any Perfon or Perfoiis fliall Po -.cV to ap-think himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved by any Thing done in pur-fuance of the faid Ad of the Forty-firit Year ot His prefent Majelty, or of this Ad, (other than and except fuch Claims, Matters, and Things as are by the faid Ad or this Ad directed or authorifed to be afcertained, fettled, tried, or determined by the Verdid of a Jury, or where by any of the Provifions of the faid Ad or this Ad, the Determinations, Ads, or Proceedings of the faid Commiflioner are direded to be final and conclufivej, he, fne, or they may appeal to any General or Quarter Seflions of the Peace, which fhall be hoiden for the Weft Riding ot the County of Tork, within Three Calendar Months next after the Caufe of Complaint fliall have arifen, giving Notice, in Writing, of every fuch Appeal, by affixing fuch Notice, exprefling the Caufe of Complaint, upon the principal Door of the Parifh Church of Kirk-Smeaton aforefaid, Twenty Days at leaft before fuch General or Quarter Seflions; and the Jullices ot the Peace aflembled at fuch General or Quarter Seflions, or at any fubfequent General or Quarter Seflions to whicti the faid Juftices fliall adjourn any fuch Appeal, either for the want of fuch Notice having been given as aforefaid, or for any other Caufe which to the faid Juftices fhall feem a fufficient Caufe to adjourn fuch Appeals are hereby authorifed to hear and deter-[loc. y Per. j	33I—K	mine

2978	48d GEORGTI lit. Cup. 153.

mine the fame, and to make fuch Order therein, and award fuch Damages and Cofts as to them, in their Difcretion, (hall feem reafonable, and by their Order or Warrant, to levy the Damages and Cofts which (hall be fo awarded, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties awarded to pay the lame, rendering the Overplus, (if any), upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels, alter deducing the reafonable Charges of every fuch Diftrefs and Sale ; and the Order and Determination of the faid Juftices upon fuch Appeal, {hall be final and ccnclufive to all Parties concerned, and {hall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any Procefs or Writ whatfoever, into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminfter, or elfewhere.

How Notices XLI. Provided always, and be it enadled, That all Notices neceiTary giyen° ^ and requiftte t0 be given by the laid Commiflioner in purfuance of the faid Adi or this Adi, (except fuch as are otherwife particularly diredled by this Adi) {hall be given by Advertifement in the Doncajler Gazette, if then publifiled ; if not, then in fame other Newfpaper or Newfpapers printed and circulated in the faid County of Tork.

General	XL1I.	Saving	always	to	the King’s molt Excellent Majefty, his Heirs

av,ng* and Succefiors, as well in Right of his Crown, as of his Dutchy of La.i-cajler; and to all and every other Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Succefiors, Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns, (other than and except the King’s Majefty, and the refpedlive Perfons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments of Land, or other Compenfation, {hall be made or provided by virtue of this Adi, and his, her, and their Heirs, Succefiors, Executors, Ad-miniftrators and Afligns, and alfo all Perfons in Remainder claiming or to claim under fuch Perfon or Perfons, in refpedl of the Intereft or Property for which fuch Allotment or Compenfation {hall be made, and except fuch other Rights and Interefts as the Intent and Purpofes of this Adi {hall require to be barred, deftroyed, or extinguiftied) all fuch Eftates, Rights, and Interefts as they or any of them had or enjoyed, of, in, and to or in refpedl of the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby direcled to be divided and inclofed, before the palling of this Adi, or could or might have had or enjoyed, if this Adi had not been made.

This A& to XL1II. And be it further enadted, That this Adi fliall be printed by the the^Kin^ ^”nter t0 King’s moll Excellent Majefty, and a Copy thereof, fo Printer!8 * printed, {hall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Juftices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moll Excellent Majefty. 180&.

nstat

t citls li-dbj ii la

s piistel

in Hein otisi. Point« tuftraton, rdpefiiit or Alb iibjiii. iiin, ii Big or to ■ IVopeny itspifuti

Ail Hull , Rights, I nr or in jlelands hepifcg tind.W

jotics,

*r.vHA>’>

i.

ANNO QUADRAGESlMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

******************************************************

Cap. 153.

An Aft for incloiing Lands in the Borough and Parifh of ‘Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucefter, and for vetting the after or latter Math of a Meadow called Severn Ham, within the faid Borough and Parifh, in Truftees for certain Purpofes.

[30th yune 1808.]

WHEREAS there are within the Borough and Parifh of Tewkf-bury in the County of Gloucefter, a certain Open and Common Field called Oldbury Field, and certain Common Meadows called Oldbury Meadows, Lilly Croft, and Lilly Croft Meadow, and alio a large Open and Common Meadow called Severn ham: And whereas the Bailiffs, Burgefles, and Commonalty of the Borough of Tewkejbury aforefaid are Lords of the Manor and Borough of Tewkejbury aforefaid: A nd whereas the King’s molt Excellent Majelty, in Right of His Crown, is Patron of the Vicarage of Tezvkejbury, and Robert Knight Clerk is Vicar of the faid Vicarage : And whereas the faid Robert Knight as Vicar of the faid Vicarage is entitled to certain Pieces or Parcels of Land fituate is the faid Field called Oldbury Field, containing together about One Acre and Three Quarters, which are Part of the Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided, allotted, and inclofed : And whereas the faid Robert Knight is or claims to be in his own Right Impropriator of the Gfeat and Small Tithes yearly arifmg, renewing, and irtcreafing out of and from Part of the faid yield called Oldbury Field, and the faid Meadows galled Oldbury Meadows; and John Dipper Gentleman is or claims to be Impropriator of the Great Tithes of Part of the faid Meadow called [Lee. & Per ft	33 L	Severn

2986

General In clofme Ait

4«U. j . cj

Com mi Hi c •rs.

Election of new Conui «onxrs*

48° GfiORGH III;- Cap';oft.

Severn Ham: And whereas the faidRobert Knighti Henry Fqwlk Efquiret the Governors of the Free Grammar School in Tewkejhuty, and others, are the Owners and Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds within the faid Field called Oldbury Field, and the faid Meadows called Oldbury Meadozvs, Lilly Croft, and Lilly Croft Meadow, or fome-or one of them; and Thomas Tkwdefwell Efquire, the Right Honourable George Earl of Fffex, die Ho-nourable Henry Auguflus Berkeley Craven, and others, are '.he Owners and Proprietors of the Lands within the faid Meadow called Severn Ham ; and the Properties of the faid feveral Proprietors in fuch Field and Meadows are very much intermixed and difperfed in fmall Parcels, and inconveniently fituated, and are therefore incapable of much Improvement in their prefent State: And whereas an Ad was palled in the Forty-firfl Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An Act for corfdidating *c tn One Aft certain Provijions ttfually inferted in Adis cf Inclofare; a?id for facilitating the Mode of proving the feveral Facts ufually required on the puffing of fuch AMs : And whereas the BurgefTes or Freemen of the Borough of Tewkefbury aforefaid, refident within the faid Borough, for the Time being, and the Occupiers for the Time being of certain Houfes fituate within the faid Borough, are • entitled to a Right of Common for a limited Number of their own Cattle only, in, over, and upon the faid Field c.rtled Oldbury Field, when the fame is not fov/n with Corn or Grain, in the Meadows called Oldbury Meadows, Lilly Croft, and Lilly Croft Meadow, from the Fourth Day of Septe?nber to the Second Day of February, both in-clulive, and in the faid Meadow called Severn Ham, from the Twelfth Day of Augvjl to the Thirteenth Day of February in every Year, both inclufive: And whereas the Rights of Common on. the faid Field, Meadows, and Lands, have become of little Value to the feveral Perfons entitled to Rights of Common thereon, and it would be highly advantageous to all Parties interefted therein, if fuch Rights of Common were altogether extinguilhed, and the faid Field, Meadows, and Lands exonerated from Tithes upon a full Campenfation being made for the fame, and if fuch Field, Meadows, and Lands were divided and allotted, and if the fame (except the faid Meadow called Severn Ham) were inclofed, and if the after or latter Math of the faid Meadow called Severn Ham were inverted in Truftees for the feveral Purpofes herein-after mentioned : But as fuch Purpofes cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament, may it therefore pleafe Your Majefty, that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confeut of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That Thomas Fulljanrs, of Hasjield Court, in the Parifh of Hasfield, in the County of Gloucejler, and Thomas Smith, of Cheltenham in the fame County, Gentlemen, and their Succeffors, to be eleebed in Manner hereinafter mentioned, /halt be and they are hereby appointed Commiffioners for dividing and allotting the faid Common Fields, Meadows, and Lands, and for inclofing the fame (fave and except the faid Meadow called Severn Ham) and for carrying into Execution trie feveral Powers and Authorities given to them by virtue of this Ad, and alfo fuch of the Powers, Authorities, Diredions, Claufes, and Provifions contained in the faid recited Ad parted in the Forty-firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, as are not varied, altered, or otherwife provided -for in and by this Ad.

II. And be it further enaded, That in cafe the faid Thomas Fulljames and nf* Thomas Smith? or either of them, or any Perfon or Perfons to be nomi-10	nated

4.8* CEORGII UL Cap. 153.	2987

nated and appointed by virtue of this Ad a Commifiioner or Conwriif-fioners in his, their, or Neither of their Room or Stead, ft all die, refufe to ad, or become incapable of acting m the Execution of this and the faid recited Act. then and in every (uch Cafe the major Part in Value of. the Perions interefte'i in the faid Divilicn, Allotment* and Inclofure re-, ipedivcly, who ftall be prefent at a Meeting to be hoiden for that Pur-pofe within Thirty Days next after any fuch Death, Refufal, or Incapa-^ city as aforefaid (of which Meeting at lead Ten Days previous Notice ftall be given in the Borough of Tewkejbury aforefaid, and inferred in fame Newlpaper or Newfpapers piinted and circulated within the faid County of Gloucejier), (hall and may by any Instrument or Inftruments in Writing under their Hands nominate and appoint another Perfon or Per-fons (not interefted in the faid intended Divifion, Allotment, and Indofure refpedively) to be a Coinmiflioner or Commiflioners (as the Cafe may be) in the Room or Stead of fuch Commifiioner or Commiflioners fo dying, refufmg to ad, or becoming incapable of ading as aforefaid; and every Commifiioner fo to be nominated and appointed as aforefaid ftall, after taking the Oath preferibed in that Behalf, have the like Power and Authority for carrying this and the faid recited Act into Execution, and fiiall be fubjed and liable to the like Rules, Regulations, and Reftric-tions as if he had been originally nominated a Commifiioner in and by this Ad.

. III. Provided always, and be it enaded, That if either of the faid'

Commiffioners hereby appointed ftall refufe or negled to atiend at tfaeTcommhfion-Firfl Meeting direded to be hoiden for carrying this and the faid recited p** to attend Ad into Execution, and duly qualify himfelf by taking the Oath by the faid recited Ad preferibed in that Behalf, or if either of the faid Commiflioners, pcmtmemi-or.their Succefiors to be appointed as aforefaid, ftall at any Time after the faid Firft Meeting wilfully abfent himfelf from any Two following fuc-cellive Meetings appointed to be hoiden by virtue of this Ad (fuch Meetings being known to him either by his being prefent at the Appointment thereof, or Notice thereof in Writing having been given to him or left ar His laft or. tifual Place of Abode by the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Commiflioners, and fuch Commifiioner not being prevented by Sicknefs or other reafonable Caufe, to be allowed by the other Commifiioner, from attending at fuch Meetings); cr if any Commifiioner, to be nominated and appointed in Manner by this Ad direded, ftall not attend and qualify himfelf to ad as a Commifiioner in the Execution of this and the faid recited Ad, at the Firft Meeting after his Nomination or Appointment (fuch Meeting to be appointed by the furviving. or remaining Commif-liontr for carrying this and the faid recited Ad into Execution) or ftall thereafter wilfully, abfent himfelf from any Two following fucceflive.Meetings to be hoiden by virtue of this Ad (fuch Meetings being known to him either .by his being prefent at the Appointment thereof, or Notice thereof in Writing having been*given to him, or left at his laft or ufual Place of Abode, by the Clerk or Clerks, to the faid Commiflioners, and fuch Commifiioner not being .prevented by Sicknefs or other realcnable Gauf '. to be allowed by-the oilier Gonimifitcner, from attending at luch .Meetings), then and in every fuch Cafe fuch Abfeiice or Non-attendance fhail be deemed, and taken-to be a- Refufal - toad within the- Intent and Meaning of this Ad.

IV. And

2988	4-8'GEORGII III. Cap.i53.

Appointment IV. And, for the Purpofe of fettling and determining any Difpute of * BiiTerenre that may ariie between the faid Commiffioners, touching or concerning any Matter or Thing to be by them done or executed in purfu-arceof the faid recited Ad and this Ad ; be it further enaded, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, by any Writ, ing under their Hands, to nominate feme Perfon (not interefted in the faid Divifion, Allotment, and Inclofure refpedively) as an Umpire ; and all Differences and Difputes that may arife between the faid Commiffioners, touching or concerning any of the Matters or Things to be by them done or performed in the Execution of the faid recited Ad and this Ad, or either of them, dial’ be by them referred to the faid Umpire ; and in cafe fuch Umpire fo nominated or appointed by the faid Commiffioners, fhall die, refufe, or negled to ad as fuch Umpire, within the Space of Fourteen Days after Application made to him for that Purpofe, or fhall become incapable of ading in the Execution of this Ad, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners to nominate and appoint, by any Writing under their Hands, any other Perfon (not interefted in the faid Divifion, Allotment, and Inclofure refpec-tively) to be fuch Umpire; and fo from Time to l ime, as often as any Perfon fo nominated and appointed an Umpire fhall die, refufe, or negled to ad, or become incapable of ading in the Execution of this Ad ; and if the faid Commiffioners fliall differ or difagree in Opinion as to the Perfon fo to be appointed an Umpire as aforefaid, or whenever any fuch Appointment of an Umpire (hall be neceffary, fhall negled or refufe to appoint the fame for the Space of Two Calendar Months, then and in every fuch Cafe the major Part in Value of the Perfons interefted in the faid Divifion, Allotment, and Inclofure refpedively, who fnall be prefent at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpofe (of which Meeting the like Notice fhall be given as is herein-before direded in Cafes of Meetings for the Appointment of anew' Commiffioner or Commiffioners) fhall and may by Writing under their Hands, nominate and appoint fome other Perfon ^not interefted in the faid Divifion, Allotment, and Inclofure refpedively) to be fuch Umpire as aforefaid ; and every fuch Umpire, fo nominated and appointed, is hereby authorized and required to hear and determine all fuch Differences and Difputes; and the Judgment and Determination cf the faid Umpire therein fhall be deemed, confidered, and taken to be the Determination of the faid Commiffioners, and fhall be final and con-clufive upon the faid Commiffioners, and upon all other Perfons concerned in the faid Divifion, Allotment, and Inclofure refpedively, fo far as the Judgements and Determinations of the laid Commiffioners are in fuch and the like Cafes by the faid recited Ad or this Ad declared to be final and conclufive.

Umpire 10 be V. Provided always, and be it enaded, That no Perfon fhall be capa-fwonu ble of ading as an Umpire in the Execution of this or the faid recited Ad until he fhall have taken and fubicribed an Oath in the Form or to the Effed following ; (that is to fay)

£ T A. B. do fwear. That I will faithfully, impartially, and honeftlv, ‘ 1 according to (he beft of my Skill and judgement, execute and per-e form the feveral Powers and Authorities veiled and repofed in me as an

*	Umpire, by virtue of an Ad paffed in the Forty.eighth Year of the

*	Reign of King George the Third, intituled, {here Jet forth the Title of this

‘ AcTj

4-8“ GEORGII III, C&pi. 153.	2989

‘ 48] according to Equity and good Confcience, and without Favour or c Affection, Prejudice or Partiality, to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever,

‘ So help me GOD/

Which Oath the faid Commiffioners, or either of them, are and is hereby authorized and required to adminider to the laid Umpire ; and the feverai Writings appointing fuch new Umpire or Umpires (hall be added or annexed to, and inrolled and depofited with, the Award of the faid Com-miflioners, and a Copy of the Inrolment thereof ffiall be admitted as legal Evidence.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Commiffioners /hall and they are hereby required to give or caufe to be given publick Notice in ‘ ^ fome Newfpaper or Newfpapers printed or circulated within the faid County

of Gloucejier, and alfo Notice in Writing figned by them, by affixing or caufing to be affixed the fame on One of the principal outer Doors of the Parifh Church of Tewkejbury aforefaid, on fome Sunday immediately before Divine Service, of the Time and Place of their Firft and every fubfequent Meeting for executing the Powers of the faid recited Act and this Aft,

Fourteen Days at halt before every fuch Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted) ; and all Meetings of the faid Commif&oners mill be holden within the faid Borough of Tewkejbury and in cafe both of the faid Commiffioners /hall not attend at the Time and Place appointed for any fuch Meeting, dr to which fuch Meeting /hall-be adjourned as afore-faid, then and in every fuch Cafe it ffiall and may be lawful to and for the Commiffioner who /hall attend, and to and for the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Commiffioners, in cafe neither of the faid Commiffioners ffiall attend, to adjourn fuch Meeting to any future Day, not exceeding Fourteen Days from the Day of fuch Adjournment, to be holden at the fame Place, or at fome other Place within the faid Borough, as to the Commiffioner,

Clerk or Clerks, making fuch Adjournment, ffiall feem molt cbnvenient; and the faid Commiffioner, Clerk or Clerks, making fuch Adjournment, is and are hereby required to give Notice to the abi'ent Commiffioner or Commiffioners Ten Days at lead before the Day appointed for Rich Meetings.

VII.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That all other publick No-

tices neceffary or requifite to be given by the faid Commiffioners, in pur- g[^a.° fuance of this or the faid recited Aft, and the Manner of giving which is not hereby particularly direfted, ffiall be given by Advertifement in the Newfpapers called The Gloucefter Journal and Gloucejier Herald, or One of them if then publiffied, and if not, then in fome other Newfpaper printed or circulated in the faid County of Gloucejier.

VIIL And be it further enafted, That all Inclofures or Encroachments Encroach-which at any Time within Twenty Years now lad pad have been-made upon the faid Common Field, Meadows, and Lands, ffiall be deemed Part i i <i deeme.i thereof, and ffiall be divided and allotted accordingly as Part thereof ; and in cafe any Difput? or Difference fhall arife touching any fuch Inclofure or Encroachments, or the Extent thereof, fuch Difpute fhall be determined by the faid Commiffioners.

IX. And be it further enafted, That if any Difpute or Difference ffiall arife between any of the Perfons intereded or chiming to be intereded in Dilutes.

[Loti	Perl] 33 M	the

*996

Coramiflion-awaid ^ofts.

Parties may try their Rights by an 111 ire at Law.

48* GEORGII III. Cap'. 153.

tTit faid Common Field, Meadows, and Lands, or in any Part or Parts thereof, or in the laid Divifion or Allotment, or touching or concerning the Telpe(Stive Rights and Interefts which they, or any of them, (hall have or claim to have in. over, and upon the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclofed lefpectively by virtue of this Act, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the faid Divifion, Allotment* and Inclofur.e refpe<Stively, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Coinmiffioncrsv aad they are hereby authorized and empowered to examine into, hear, and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained fhall authorize or empower the faid Commiffioners to determine the Title to any MeiTuagCs, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatfoever..

X. And be it further enadted. That in cafe the faid Comioiffioners fhall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to theul in purfuance of this or the faid recited Act, fee Caufe to award any Colts, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the fajd Commiffioners, and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpofe, to fettle, aflefs, and award fuch Coils and Charges as they fhall think reafonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whofe Favour any Determination of the faid Commiffioners fhall be made, by the Perfon or Per-fons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, whofe Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, fhall be thereby difaliowed or over-ruled 3 and in cafe the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who fhall be liable to pay fuch Coils and Charges, fhall. negledt or refufe to pay the fame on Demand, then and in every fuch Cafe it ihall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands directed to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, to caufe fuch Coils and Charges to be levied by Diilrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, fo neglecting or refufmg to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, whofe Goods and Chattels ihall have been fo diftrained and fold, after deducting the Coils and Charges attending: fuch Diilrefs and Sale.	'

XL And be it further ena&ed. That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons* Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, interefted or claiming to be intereiled in the faid intended Divifion, Allotment, and Inclcfure, refpectively, ihall be diffatisfied with any Determination of the faid Commiffioners, or of the faid Umpire, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of the Right to the Soil of the faid Common Field, Meadows, and Lands, or of any Rights of Common, or other Rights or Interefts, in, over, or upon the faid Field, Meadows, and Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclofed refpectively, or any Part thereof, then and in every fuch Cafe it ihall and may be lawful to and for the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, fo dift'atisiied, to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matters fo determined by the faid Commiffioners, or by the faid Umpire, at the then next or at the following Affizes to be holden for the County of Gloucejlcr 3 and for that Pur-pofe the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who fhall be diffatisfied with the Determination of the faid Commiffioners,

2^1

48*-GE 0 RGII III. Cap.153.

■milTioners, or of the laid Umpire, lhall eaufe an Adion or Adion316 be brought upon a feigned Iiiue, againll the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, in whofe Favour fuch Determi* nation fhall have been made, wiihirl Six Calendar Months next after fuch Determination of the faid Commiffioners, or of the laid Umpire; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Adion or Adions lhall, and he, Ihe, and they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who lhall appear thereto or file common Bail, and accept One or more Iffue or Iffues, whereby fuch Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on, may be tried and determined (fuch llfue or Ilfuts to be fettled by the proper Officer or Officers of the Court in which the faid Adion or Adions fhall be commenced, in cafe the Parties lhall differ about the fame); and the Verdid or Verdids which lhall be given in fuch A&ion or Adions fh&ll be final, binding, and conclufive upon all and every Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, unlefs the Court wherein fuch Action or Adions lhall be brought fhall let afidefuch Verdict or Verdids, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it lhall be lawful for the Court to do, as is ufual in other Cafes, and after fuch Verdid or Verdids fhall be obtained, and not fet afide by the Court, the faid Coir.miilioners lhall and they are hereby required to ad in Conformity thereto, and to allow or difallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of fuch new Trial or Trials : Provided always, that in cafe the Determination of the faid Commiffioners or Umpire, touching any Claim or Claims, or any Rights of Common, or other lnterefts in, over, or upon the faid Field, Meadows, and Lands hereby direded to be divided, allotted, and inclofed refpedively, or any Part thereof, fhall not be objeded to, or being objeded to, fuch Adion or Adions at Law (hall not be brought and proceeded in within the Time, and in the Manner for that Purpofe mentioned, fuch Determination lhall be final and conclufive upon all Parties.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further, enaded. That no fuch Dif- Actions not ference, Suit, Adion, or Proceeding, as aforefaid, nor any Difference, pryce’djng3 Suit, Adion, or Proceeding, touching or concerning the Title to any of Commar-Lands, Tenements* or Hereditaments, lhall impede, delay, or hinder “oners*

the faid Commillioners from proceeding in the Execution of the Powers veiled in them by the faid recited Ad and this Ad ; but the faid Divifion,

Allotment, and Inclofure refpebtively lhall be proceeded in notwithfranding fuch Difference, Suit, Adion, or Proceeding.

XIII.	Provided always*, and be it further enaded, That if any Perfon ^

or Perfons in whofe Favour any fuch Determination as aforefaid fhall have parties before been made, and againft whom any fuch Adion or Adions might have Aefiem* been brought if living, lhall die before any fuch Adion or Adions fhail fJ^Vo be have been brought, and before' the Expiration of the Time herein-hefore carried on limited for bringing fuch Adion or Adions, it Avail be lawful for the f" thd/nd' Perfon or-Perfons, Bodies Politick ov Corporate, who might have brought Names, fuch Adion or Adions againft the Perfon or Perfons lo dying, to bring the fame within the Time fo limited as aforefaid againfl fuch Perfon or Perfons as if adually living* and to ferve the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Commiffionsrs with Procefs for commencing fuch Adion or Adions in the fame Manner as the Party or Parties might have been lerved therewith if living; and it lhall therein alfo be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs dr other Perfon or Perfons who fhall claim the Benefit of fuch Determi-2	nation

J99*

P«rfons in Pofl'eflion not to be molefted without due Courl'e of Law,

For making D.aini, FeuCei/ Sec.

Such Proportion of Ex-

Comniilfion-ers lhall direct

48* GEORG1I III. Cap. 153.

nation as aforefaid to appear, and defend fuch A£tion or A&ions in the Name or Names of the Perfon or Perfons fo dead, and Proceedings lhall be had therein in the fame Manner as if fuch Perfon or Perfons had been actually living, and the Rights of all Parties lhall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of fuch Action or Actions.

XIV.	Provided alfo,and be it further ena£ted,Thal nothing in thisAft contained lhall extend to enable the faid Commiffioners to determine any Right between any Parties contrary to the Polfeffion of any fuch Parties, except in Cafes of Encroachments made within the Period of Twenty Years, as herein-before mentioned; but in cafe the faid Commiffioners lhall be of Opinion againlt the Rights of the Perfon or Perfons fo in Polfeffion, they lhall forbear to make any Determination thereupon until the Polfeffion IE; 11 have been given up or recovered from fuch Perfon or Perfons by Ejectment or other due Courfe of Law.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed, That it lhall and may be lawful for the faid Commillioners to fet out, appoint, order, and dired all fuch Arches, Ditches, Fences, Common Drains, and Water-courfes, as they lhall think uleful and necdTary to be made in, through, or upon the faid Field, Meadows, and Lands hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclofed refpeCtively, and of fuch Dimenlions, with fuch Materials, and of fuch Depth and Width, and in fuch Directions as they lhall think proper j aud the faid Commiffioners lhall and they are hereby required, in and by their Award, to order, direCt, and appoint by whom and at whofe Expence, at what Times and in what Manner, the faid Arches, Ditches, Fences, Common Drains, and Water-courfes lhall be made, and thereafter repaired, fcoured, cleanfed, and maintained.

XVI.	And be it further enaCted, That no Leafe or Leafes to be made by virtue of the faid recited ACt of the faid Land in the faid Field called Oldbury Field, or of any Allotment to be made to the faid Vicar in lieu thereof, in Right of his Vicarage, lhall be good, valid, or effectual, unlefs the Confent of the King’s molt Excellent Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, as Patron of the Vicarage of Tewkejbury aforefaid, lhall be had and obtained thereto previous to the Execution of fuch Leafe or Leafes.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That thefeveral Owners and Proprietors of, and Perfons interefted in the faid Field, Meadows, and Lands to be divided, allotted, inclofed, or exonerated from Tythes rcfpe&ivelv, or of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be exchanged by virtue of this Act, lhall pay, bear, and defray fuch Part or Proportion of the Colts, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and paffmg of this Ad, and of preparing and depofiting the faid Award, and of the Copies thereof, and of furveying, admeafuring, planning, valuing, draining, dividing, fencing, allotting, and inclofmg the faid Field, Meadows, and Lands to be divided, allotted, and mclofed refpedively by ▼irtue thereof, and of all the Charges of the faid Commiffioners, their Affiftants, and Servants, and of all the other neceffary Expences of the Several Perfons to be employed by the faid Commillioners in and about the faid Field, Meadows, and Lands, and of all the Expences of forming, completing, and repairing the publick Carriage Roads and Highways to be fet out and appointed by the faid Commiffioners, to, over, or upon the faid

Field,

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 153.

Field, Meadows, and Lands (not hereby otherwise provided for) to fuCh Perfon and Perfons, and at fuch Time and Times, either before or after the Execution of the fald Award, as (hall be fettled, adjufted, determined, and .directed by the faid Cotnmiffioners by any Writing under their Hand.-?, to be affixed on One of the principal outer Doors of the Pariffi Church of Tewkejbury aforefaid, on fome Sunday, at leaft Ten Days before the Time appointed for Payment thereof, and the Determination of the faid Cum-miffioners (hall be final and conclufive ; and if any or either of fuch Owners or Proprietors, or Perfons aforefaid, lhall refufe or negleCt to pay his, her, or their Share or Proportion, or refpe&ive Shares or Proportions of fuch Charges and Expences, or any Part thereof, within the d ime to be limited by the faid Commiffioners for the Payment thereof, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they lhall appoint to receive the fame, then and in fuch Cafe the faid Commiffioners ihall and may, and they are hereby authorized, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals directed to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, to caufe the fame to be levied by Dilb efs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons fo refufing or neglecting to pay, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels, after deducing the Coils and Charges of taking and felling fuch Diflrefs ; or otherwife it ihall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, or fuch other Perfon or Perfons as they ihall appoint, to enter into and upon the MeiTuages, Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo refufing or negledting to pay as aforefaid, and to receive and take the Rents, Iffues, and Profits thereof refpeCtively, until thereby or therewith, or otherwife, the Share or Shares, Proportion or Proportions of the faid Coils and Charges fo to be direded, ordered, or appointed by the faid Commiffioners to be paid by fuch Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid, and alfo all the Coils, Charges, and Expences occafioned by or attending fuch Entry upon, or Perception of, the Rents and Profits of the fame Premifes, ihall be refpe&ively paid and fa-tisfied : Provided always* that the Proprietors of Lands in the faid Meadow called Severn Ham ihall not, as fuch Proprietors, be liable to the Payment of any Part of the Expences of inclofing the faid Field called Oldbury Field, and the faid Meadows called Oldbury Meadows, Lilly Croft, and Lilly Croft Meadow, or any or either of them.

XVIII.	And be it further enaCled, That the faid Commiffioners ihall and they are hereby authorized and required, after fetting out the feveral Roads and Ways in Manner dire&ed by the faid recited Ad, to fet out, allot, and award unto and for the faid Robert Knight, or the Perfon or Perfons being Impropriator or Impropriators of the Great and Small Tythes yearly arifing, iffuing, renewing, and payable out of and from fuch Part or Parts of the faid Field called Oldbury Field, and of the faid Meadows called Oldbury Meadows, as is or are fubjeCl and liable to the Payment of Tythes to the faid Robert Knight, as fuch Impropriator as aforefaid, fuch Plot or Plots (Part of the Land fo fubjeCl to Tythes as aforefaid, or of other Lands in the fame Field and Meadows belonging to the fame Proprietors) as in the Judgement of them the faid Commiffioners (Quantity, Quality, and Situation conHdered) fhall be equal in Value to One-fifth Part of the Arable or Tillage Lands, and One-ninth Part of the Meadow or Paflure Lands fo fubjeCl to Tythes as aforefaid; and fuch Allotment or Allotments fhall be and be deemed and taken to be, and fhall be had and hoi den by the laid Robert Knight or the Perfon or Perfons being fuch Impropriator or Impropriators as aforefaid, for and in lieu of, and [Loc. & j?et\\	33 N	as

Allotment In lien of Great •nd Small Tythts of Tali:,Me Psits of O Id-la.:rv Field and Meadows.

2994

Allotment in lieu of Great Tythes of Tythable Pa; t of Severn

Tvthe Allotment in Old-bur^1 to be

48“GEORGII III. Cap. 153.

as a Conipenfation and Satisfaction for all the Great and Small Tythes arifing, iffuing, renewing, and payable out of or from fuch Part or Parts of the faid Field called Oldbury Field, and of the faid Meadows called Oldbury Meadows, as is or are fubject and liable to the Payment of Tythes to the faid Robert Knight as fuch Impropriator as aforefaid.

XIX.	And be it further enadted, That the faid CommiiTioners lhall in the next Place fet out, allot, and award unto and for the faid John Dipper, or the Perfon or Perfons being Impropriator or Impropriators of the Great Tythes yearly arifing, iffuing, renewing, and payable out of and from fuch Part or Parts of the laid Meadow called Severn Ilam, as is or are fubjeCt and liable to the Payment of Great Tythes to the faid John Dipper, as fuch Impropriator as aforefaid, fuch Plot or Plots (Part of the Lands fo fubjeCt to Tythes as aforefaid), or of other Lands in the fame Meadow belonging to the fame Proprietors, as in the Judgement of them the faid Commif-lioners (Quantity, Quality, and Situation confidered) fhall be equal in Value to One-ninth Part of the Lands in the laid Meadow called Severn Ham., fo fubject to Great?Tythes as aforefaid; and fuch Allotment or Allotments fhall be and be deemed and taken to be, and lhall be had and holden by the faid John Dipper, and the Perfon or Perfons being fuch Impropriator or Impropriators as aforefaid, for and in lieu of, and as a Conipenfation and Satisfaction for all the Great Tythes arifing, iffuing, renewing, and payable out of and from fuch Part or Parts of the faid Meadow called Severn Ham, as is or are now fubjeCt to the Payment of fuch Tythes to the faid John Dipper, as fuch Impropriator as aforefaid.

XX.	And be it further enaCted, That the Lands and Grounds fo fet out, allotted, and awarded for and in lieu of and as a Compensation and Satisfaction for fuch Great and Small Tythes refpeCtively as aforefaid, fhall be limited, fettled, and affured, to, for, and upon fuch and the fame Eftates, Ufes, Trflfts, Limitations, Intents, and Purpofes, as fuch Great and Small Tythes refpeCtively lhall Hand limited, fettled, and affured, and be fubjeCt and liable to at the Time of making fuch Allotments refpeCtively.

XXI.	And be it further enadted, That the Expences of making and keeping in Repair, for the Space of Seven Year's, the Boundary Fences for the Inclofmg and Ring-fencing the Allotment or Allotments to be fet out to the faid Robert Knight, or fuch Impropriator or Impropriators as aforefaid, in lieu of the faid Great and Small Tythes arifing, iffuing, and renewing out of and from fuch Part or Parts of the faid Field called Oldbury Field, and of the faid Meadows called Oldbury Meadows, as is or are fubject to the Payment of Tythes to the faid Robert Knight (except on fuch Part'or Parts as the faid Commifiioners lhall order and diredt to be fenced by fome other Proprietor or Proprietors) lhall be deemed and confidered as Part of the Expences of carrying this A Cl into Execution, and be borne and paid accordingly, by the Perfons refpeCtively intereffed in the faid Inclofure.

Allotment in XXII. And be it further enadted, That the faid Commillioners lhall, i;eu of Rights ancj they are hereby required, in the next Place, to mark and fet out fuch on Oldbury Part or Parts of the faid Field called Oldbury Field, and of the faid Meadows &c. called Oldbury Meadows, Lilly Croft, and Lilly Croft Meadows as will in the 8	Judgement

2995

48°GEORGII IN. Cap.

Judgement of the faid Commiflioners be equal in Value to the Rights of Common in, over, and upon the fame, by this Aft directed to be extin-guifhed; and the faid Commiflioners fhall and may, and they are hereby p,,t th?recf authorized and required, to fell fin fuch Allotment or Allotments as to forcing them fhall feem right and proper,) to any Perfon or Perfons for the beft 'oportion of Price or Prices that can be gotten for the fame, by publick Auftion or Ejtl,cnccs' Auctions to be holden for that Purpoie (of which Audion or Auctions refpeftively Six Weeks previous Notice fhall be given) fuch Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds fo marked and fetout; as will by the Sa’e thereof, in the Judgement of the faid Commiflioners, raife Money fufficient to defray and difcharge the Refidue and Remainder of the Cofts, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and palling of this Ad, and putting the feveral Powers thereof into Execution as aforefaid, which fhall not be direded by the faid Commiflioners to be paid by the Proprietors of the faid Field, Meadows, and Lands ; and the Perfon or Perfons fo purghafing the fame at fuch publick Audion, fhall immediately pay (by way of Depofit) into the Hands of the faid Commiflioners, or fuch Perfon or Perfons as they fhall dired and appoint, One-tenth Part of his, her, or their Purchafe Money, and pay the Remainder thereof within Six Calendar Months next after the faid Sale, or ai fuch other Time as the faid Commiflioners fhall appoint; and in Default thereof the Money fo depofited fhall be forfeited, and fhall be applied in carrying this Ad into Execution ; and the Allotment or Allotments for which the Whole of fuch Purchafe Money fhould not have been fo paid, or for which there fhall be no Bidding at fuch Audion, fhall be again put up for Sale, and fold by publick Audion, in Manner aforefaid, for the beft Price or Prices that can be gotten for the fame; and every Allotment for which the full Purchafe Money fhall be paid, fhall immediately thereupon be abfolutelv dif-charged of and from all Common and other Rights thereon or therein, and be veiled in Fee Simple in and be inclofed and thenceforth held in Severalty by fuch Purchafer or Purchafers thereof refpeCtively, as his, her, or their private and abfolute Property, and fhall be allotted accordingly by the faid Commiflioners ; and the Purchafe Money fhall be applied by the faid Commiflioners in defraying fuch Proportion of the faid Cofts, Charges, and Expences, as the faid Commiflioners fhall not, as aforefaid, have directed to be paid by the Proprietors of the faid Field, Meadows, and Lands.

XXIII.	And be it further enaCted, That in cafe fuch Part or Parts of Applieatiou the faid Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be fold as herein-before bnurplus mentioned, fhall be fold for more Money than will be required to defray 1	*

fuCh Proportion of the faid Cofts, Charges, and Expences, then and in fuch Cafe fuch Surplus Money fhall be paid to the Truftees herein appointed, or to their Treafurer or Treafurers for the Time being, to be by them applied in the fame Manner, and for the fame Purpofes, as the Rents and Profits of the Allotment or Allotments herein-after directed to be made to them, and as the Rents and Profits of the After or Latter Math of the faid Meadow called Severn Ham, are in and by this A£t directed to be applied ; Deficiency and in cafe the Money to be raifed by the Sale of the Hid Lands afid £e Grounds herein directed to be fold, fhall be infufficient to defray fuch Proportion of the faid Gofts, Charges, and Expences, the Deficiency thereof fhall be by the faid Truftees paid out of the Firfl Monies to be received

by

2996

Remainder of

Allotments'»

lien of Right* efCou.monon Oldbury, &c. and alio the Afterma h of Severn Ham, veiled

tinguilh

Rights of Common.

48° GE O RG11 III. Cap. 153-

by them by virtue of this Aft, from the Rents and Profits of the fait} Allotment or Allotments herein-after direfted to be made to them, or of the After or Latter Math of the faid Meadow called Severn Ham.

XXIV.	And be it further enabled, That the faid Commiilionert; /hall then allot and award the Refidue and Remainder of fuch Part or Parts of the faid Field called Oldbury Held, and of the faid Meadows called Oldbury Meadow, Lilly Croft, and Lilly Croft Meadow, hereby directed to be marked and let out as aforefaid, unto the Truftees by this Aft; nominated and appointed, or the Survivors of them, by the Name and Style of ‘ lhe ‘ Trultees for the Burgeftes or Freemen, and principal Houfeholders of ‘ the Borough of Tewkefbury, in the County of Gloucejler, appointed by 4 an Aft palled in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of King George the 4 Third,’ and fuch Land and Ground, fo fet out and alloLted, and alfo the After or Latter Math of the faid Meadow called Severn Ham, fhall be, and the fame are hereby declared to be, veiled in the laid Truftees and their Succeffors, to be appointed by virtue of this Aft, for ever freed and difeharged of and from all Right, Title, Intereft, Claim, and Demand whatfoever, which any Perfon or Perfons could or might have in or to the fame, or any Part or Parts thereof, upon fuch Trulls neverthelefs, and to and for fuch Ufes, Intents, and Furpofes, as are mentioned, exprefled* or declared of and concerning the fame in and by this Aft.

XXV.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby authorized and di* refted, at any Time or Times before the Execution of the faid Award by Notice in Writing under their Hands to be affixed upon One of the principal outer Doors of the Parifh Church of Tewkefbury aforefaid, to order and direct the Rights of Common in, over, and upon the faid Common Field, Meadows, and Lands, or any Part thereof, to be extinguifhed, or the Exercife thereof to be fufpended; and that all fuch Rights of Common as the faid Commiffioners fhall by fuch Writing order and direft to be extinguifhed, or the Exercife thereof to be fufpended as aforefaid, fhall, from the Time of affixing fuch Writing on the faid Church Door, refpec-tively ceafe, determine, and be extinguifhed, or the Exercife thereof be lufpended accordingly; any Law, Ufage, or Cuftom, to the contrary thereof notwithflanding.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners to fet out, allot, and award any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatfoever, within the faid Parifh of Tewkefbury, in lieu of and in exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatfoever, within the faid Parifh, or within any adjoining Parifh, Hamlet, Townfhip, or Place, provided that all fuch Exchanges be afeertained, fpecified, and declared in the Award of the faid Commiffioners, and be made with the Confent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which fhall be fo exchanged, whether fuch Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, fhall be a Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtefy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Confent of the Guardians, Truftees, Feoffees for charitable

997

48‘GEORGII

III. Cap. 153.

ritable or other Purpofes, Hufbands, Committees, or Attornies of or afting for -any fuch Owners or Proprietors as aforeiaid, who at the Time of making fuch Exchange or Exchanges fhall be refpeftively Infants, Femes* covert, Lunaticks, or under any other legal Difability, or who fhall be beyond the Seas, or otherwife difabled to aft for themfelves, hiaifelf, or herfelf, fuch Confent to be teftified in Writing under the common Seal of the Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other confenting Parties refpeftively ; and all and every fuch Exchange and Exchanges fo to be made fliall be good, valid, and eft'e&ual in the Law, to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever: Provided neverthelefs, that no Exchange fhall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, held in Right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclefiaftical Benefice, without the Confent (teftified as aforefaid) of the Patron thereof, and of the Bifhop of the Diocefe in which fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo to be exchanged, fhall lie and be fituated.

XXVII.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon fliall advance Money ad-and pay any Money in Difcharge of the Expences of obtaining and exe-curing this Aft, the Money fo paid and advanced fliall be repaid and fatis- Interdt. fied by the Direftion of the faid Commiflioners, together with lawful In-tereft for the fame.

XXVIII.	And be it further enafted, That once at leaft in each and Account?, every Year during the Execution of this Act (fuch Year to be computed from the Day of palling thereof) the faid Commiflioners fhall and they are hereby required to make a true and juft Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by them received or expended, or due to them, for their own Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Aft ; and fuch Statement or Account whenfo made, together with the Vouchers thereto, fhall be by them laid before One of His Majefty’s Juftices for the Time being for the faid County of Gloucejier, to be by him examined and balanced, and fuch Balance fhall be by fuch Juftice ftated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk or Clerks of the faid Commiflioners; and no Charge or Item in fuch Account fhall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unlefs the fame fhall have been duly allowed by fuch Juftice.

XXIX.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That the faid Pro- Proprietors prietors, their Attornies ” and Agents, fhall pay and defray their own cwn^xpence Charges and Expences when they or any of them fhall attend the faid Commiflioners at any of their Meetings to be holden in purfuance of this Aft.

XXX.	And be it further enafted, That nothing in this or the faid recited will*nts^noT" Aft contained, fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to revoke, make toe™ce affected, void, alter, or annul, any Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any Perfon or Perfons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Debts, or Incumbrances, out of, upon, or affefting any of the Lands or Grounds to be divided, allotted, inclofed, or exchanged, in purfuance of this or the faid recited Aft, or any Part or Parts thereof refpeftively, but that the refpeftive Perfons to whom any Lands or Hereditaments fliall be allotted or given in Exchange by virtue of this Aft, fhall be feifed thereof to fuch and the fame Ufes, and for fuch and the fame Eftates, and fubjeft [Loc. 1$ Per.J	33 0	t0

48° GEO RGII III. Cap. 153.

to fuch and the fame Wills, Jointures, Charges, and Incumbrances, and no other, as the Meffuages, Buildings, l.ands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whereof fuch Perfon was feifed or poffefied at or immediately before the Execution of the Award of the fuid Commifiioners, or for which or in refpeft whereof fuch Allotments or Exchanges fhall be made, could have been fubjeft to, charged with, or affected by, in cafe this Aft had not been made.

dc^ofitccf3 be XXXT. And it further enabled, That the Award to be made by the faid tc * Commifiioners, when inrolled in Manner direfted by the faid recited Aft, (hall be depofited among the Records of the Borough of Tewkejbury aforefaid.

Appeal.	XXXII.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfdn or Perfons (hall

think himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved by any Thing done by the faid Commifiioners in purfuance of this or the faid recited Aft (other than and except fuch Orders and Determinations of the faid Commifiioners as are by the faid recited Aft or this Aft direfted to be final or conclu-five, and except in fuch Cafes where an Ifiiie at Law is herein-before direfted to be tried), then and in every fuch Cafe he, (he, or they may-appeal to the General Quarter Seflions of the Peace which (hall be holden for the faid County of Gloucejkr within Four Calendar Months next after theCaufe of Complaint fhall have arifen, on giving to the faid Commifiioners, and the Party or Parties concerned, 'Pen Days Notice in Writing of fuch Appeal, and of the Matter thereof; and the Juflices (not interefled in the Premifes) at their faid General Quarter Seflions are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every fuch Appeal, and to make fuch Order therein, and award fuch Cofls and Damages as to them in their Difcretion fhall feem reafonable, and by their Order and Warrant to levy the Cofls and Charges which fhall be fo awarded, by Diflrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels, after dedufting the reafonable Charges of fuch Warrant, Diflrefs, and Sale; and the Determination of the faid Juflices therein fhall be final and conclufive to all Parties concerned, and fhall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefs whatfoever, into any of His Majefly’s Courts of Record at IVeJi-minjier, or elfewhcre; but in cafe fuch Appeal fhall appear to the faid Juflices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then and in fuch Cafe the faid Juflices fhall award fuch Cofls to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants as to them in their Difcretion fhall feem reafonable, and be levied in Manner aforefaid.

"Gfnfeva!	.XXXIII.	Saving always to the King’s mofl Excellent Majefly, and to all

every Perfon and Perfons, and Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs, Succeffors, Executors, and Adminiflra-tor3. all fuch Rights, Title, and Interefl (other than and except fuch as is and are hereby meant and intended to be barred, deflroyed, and extin-guifhed), as they, every, or any of them had or enjoyed or exercifed, or ought to have had or enjoyed or exercifed, of, in, 10, or out of the Field, Meadows, and Lands hereby direfted to be divided, allotted, or inclofed, in cafe this Aft had not been made.

2998

XXXIV. And

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 153.

XXXIV.	And be it further ena£led,That the Bailiffs, principal Burgeftes, High Steward, Recorder, Juflices, Town Clerk, Coroner, and Chamber-lain of the Borough of Tewkejbury in the County of Gloucefier, and their Succeffors for the Time being, Chrifiopher Codrington and Charles Han* bury Tracy Efquires, Jacob Allis, Thomas Andrews, Jfaac Butterfield, John Burrows, Charles Banafier junior, Jofeph Buckle, Samuel Barnes, Thomas Caddie, John Clarke, George Dumble, Robert Edwards, William Scale Evans, Thomas Eafihope, John Eafihope, Henry Hooper Fryer, Mojes Goodere, James Gorle, Nathaniel Flartland, John Allis Hartland, John Doddridge Humphreys, Benjamin Holland, Thomas Holland, Samuel Healing, William Hughes Grazier, William Hughes Hofier, Abraham Harris, John Jenkins, Robert Knight Clerk, John Kedwards, Omwcll John Lloyd, William Lloyd, Thomas Dawfon Lewis, William Martin, John Martin, William Moore, Charles Moore, Edward Moore, yo/w Moore Maltfter, John Mayo, Thomas OJborne, William Proffer Clerk, Henry Prior, George Prior, William Proffer, Nicholas Player, Daniel Hook Pargitter, Edward Redded, John Richardfon, Thomas Spiijbury, James Spiljbury, John Stephens, Thomas Jelf Sandilands, William Smith, Robert Smith, John Terrett junior, Ifaac Turner, Samuel Turner, William Thomas, Daniel Trotman, William Vevers, Andrew Woollams, Henry White, Henry Welling, Thomas Whithorn, Matthew Wright and Thomas Waldron, being qualified as herein directed, and their SuccelTors to be ele&ed as herein directed, fhall be and they are hereby declared to be Truftees for carrying into Execution the feveral Powers and Authorities given and granted to or veiled in them by virtue of this A&.

XXXV.	And be it further enafted, That no A£t of the faid Truftees lhall be or be deemed to be good, valid, or effedlual, unlefs the fame be done at fome Meeting to be holden in purfuance of this A£t (except as may be herein excepted), and that all the Powers and Authorities by this A£t granted to the faid Truftees, fhall and may be exercifed from Time to Time by the major Part of them who fhall attend at any Meeting to be holden in purfuance of this A£t (the Number of Truftees prefent at fuch Meeting not being lefs than Five); and all the Orders and Proceedings of the major Part of the faid Truftees prefent at fuch their feveral Meetings fhall have the fame Force and Effect as if the lame were made or done by all the faid Truftees for the Time being (fave and except as may be herein excepted) ; and at every Meeting of the faid Truftees, a Chairman lhall and may be appointed ; and when and as often as it fhall fo happen that there fhall be an Equality of Votes at any fuch Meeting upon any Queftion (including the Vote of the Chairman), then and in every fuch Cafe it lhall and may be lawful to and for the Chairman to give the decifive or calling Vote.

- 999

Truftee;«

No Aft valid unlefs at a Meeting.

XXXVI.	And be it farther ensiled, That when and fo often as any Eitction of Truftee hereby appointed, or who may be appointed in purfuance of this J1™ Truf-Aft, (fave and except fuch feveral Perfons as are herein appointed by reafon or by virtue of their refpeitive Offices) (hall die, or defire to be dilcharged from, or decline to ait or become incapable of ailing in the Execution of the Trulls of this Aft, it (hall be lawful for the other of the Truftees for the Time being, or any Five or more of them, to elect One other Perfon fbeing a Burgefs or Freeman, or a principal Houftholder of the faid Borough, and who would have been entitled to Right of Common in, over, and upon the faid Field, Meadows, and Lands, if this Ail had hot paffed into a Law) to be a Truftee n the room of each Truftee fo

3000

489 GEORGII III. Cap. 153.

dying, defiring to be difcharged, declining or becoming incapable of ading as aforefaid, fo that Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of Meeting for every fuch Eledion {hall be affixed upon One of the principal outer Doors of the Parifh Church of Tewkejbury aforefaid, at lead Fourteen Days before every fuch Meeting ; and every Perfon who fhall be fo eleded is hereby inverted with the fame Powers of putting this Ad in Execution as the Perfons into whofe Places they refpedively fhall be chofen were inverted with.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted, That if it fhall happen at any Time after the parting of this Ad, that more than Six Months fhall be fuffered to clapfe after the Death, Difcharge, or declining to act of any Ten or more of the Truftees appointed or to be appointed in purfuance ol this Ad, (except fuch feveral Perfons as are herein appointed by reafon or by virtue of 'their refpedive Offices) without an Eledion of a fufficient Number of Truftees in the room of fuch Truftees fo dying, being difcharged, or declining to ad as aforefaid, being made according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad, then and fo often it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Burgefles or Freemen, and fuch principal Houfeholders of the faid Borough who would refpedively have been entitled to Rights of Common in, over, and upon the faid Field, Meadow's, and Lands hereby direded to be divided, allotted, and inclofed refpedively as aforefaid, if this Ad had not parted into a Law, or the major Part of them, at a Meeting to be held from Time to Time for that Purpofe, to eled and appoint fuch a Number of Burgefles or Freemen, and principal Houfeholders of the faid Borough for the Time being who would refpedively have been entitled to Rights of Common as aforefaid if this Ad had not parted into a Law, to be Truftees for the Purpofes aforefaid, as will be fufficient to fupply the then Vacancies ; and Notice- of the Time and Place of the Meeting for every fuch Eledion, fhall, by the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Truftees for the l ime being, be given by fuch Clerk orClerks at leaft Thirty Days before fuch Meeting ; and in cafe fuch Clerk or Clerks fhall negled or refufe to give fuch Notice, the fame (hall and may be given by arv Ten or more of the Perfons who would refpedively have been entitle- to Right of Common in, over, and upon the faid Field, Meadows, and Lands, if this Ad had • ot parted into a Law ; and the Truftees fo *0 be appointed fhall and may ad in all Refpcds, and as effedually, and wit. fuch and the fame Powers and Authorities, as if they had been eleded in Manner herein-before mentioned.

XXXVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no Perfon fhall be capable of ading as a Truftee in the Execution of this Ad, unlefs at the Time of his ading therein, ire fliail have or be feifed of in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, and be in the adual Pofleflion, Enjoyment, or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of a Real Eftate in Law or Equity of the clear yearly Value of Thirty Pounds above Reprizes, or be poffefled of or entitled to a Perlonal Eftate to the Amount or Value of Six Hundred Pounds; and every Perfon fhall, before he ads as a Truftee, take and fubferibe the Oath or Affirmation following, before any Two or more of the faid'Truftees (who are hereby empowered to adminifter ther fame) in the Words or to the Effed following ; (that is to fay) 4

4 T A. B. do fwear, [or9 being One of the People called jQuakers, do 4 A folemnly affirm] that I am truly and bond fide in the adual Poffeflion#

Enjoyment, and Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tene-

New Truftees may be elected by the Perfons

rot been made by acting Truftees.

Oath.

3001

480 GE OR GII III. Cap. 153.

*	ments, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Thirty Pounds 4 above Reprizes, or poffelfed of a Perfonal Eftate to the Amount or 4 Value of Six hundred Pounds, and that 1 will faithfully, honeltly, and

*	impartially, according to the beft of my Skill and Judgement, execute and 4 perform the feveral Trulls, Powers, and Authorities veiled and repofed

*	in me as a Trultee by virtue of an Ad made in the Forty-eighth Year

*	of the Reign of George the Third, intituled [here infert the Title of this 4 A0\ without Favour or Affedion, Malice or Prejudice, to any Perfon or 4 Perfons whomfoever.

4 So help me GOD.*

And if any Perfon, not being fo qualified, fhall ad as a Trullee in the penalty for Execution of this Ad, every fuch Perfon lhall for every fuch Offence	not

forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Perfon or Perfons who M lhall fue for the fame in any of His Maje(ly*s Courts of Record at Weft-minfter by Adion of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Elfoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance lhall be allowed; and every fuch Perfon fo fued or profecuted lhall prove that he is qualified as aforefaid, or otherwife lhall pay the faid Penalty without any other Proof on the Part of the Plaintiff or Profecutor than that fuch Perfon had aded as a Trullee in the Execution of this Ad: Provided neverthelefs, that all Ads and Proceedings of Ail Acts of any Perfon or Perfons acting as a Trullee or Trultees in the Execution of	'I®1

this Ad, though not duly qualified as aforefaid previous to his or their done before being convided of the faid Offence, lhall, notwithllanding fuch Convic- .y^"t|,Icuon, tion, be as good, valid, and effedual, as if fuch Perfon or Perfons had been qualified according to the Diredions of this Ad.

XXXIX.	And be it further enaded. That fuch of the faid Trullees as Truftees may are or lhall be Jultices of the Peace lhall and may, in their refpedive Ju- necxtc“ L^4^’ rifdidions, and they are hereby empowered to ad as Jultices of the Peace intSfted."6 in the Execution of this Ad, notwithllanding their being Trullees, except only in fuch Cafes where they lhall be perfonaliy interelled.

XL. And be it further enaded, That the faid Trullees lhall hold their pirft Meeting Firlt Meeting at the Town Hall or Tolfey in the faid Borough, on the of the Tral-Fourth Monday next after the palling of this Ad, between the Hours of tces*

Ten in the Forenoon and Two in the Afternoon ; and in cafe none of the faid Trultees lhall attend at fuch Meeting, then fuch Meeting lhall be and be deemed to be adjourned to the next Day (Sunday, Good Friday, Chrift-mas Day, and Fall Days and Thankfgiving Days by Proclamation only excepted, and then to the next following Day), and fo toties quoties, until a fufficient Number of Trultees lhall attend at fuch Meeting, to ad in the Execution of this Ad, or until a Trullee or Trultees lhall attend fo as to adjourn fuch Meeting ; and the faid Trullees lhall and may at fuch Meeting, and at their feveral Meetings to be holden for the Purpofe of carrying this Ad into Execution, from Time to Time adjourn themfelves, and appoint their next Meeting to be holden there, at iuch Time as to them lhall feem proper; and if it lhall fo happen that there lhall not appear at any fuch Meeting a fufficient Number of Trullees to ad in the Execution of this Ad, the Trullee or Trultees then prefent, or the Clerk or [loe. &Per.~]	33	P	Clerks

3002	48°	GE	O R G II III. Cap. 153.

Clerks to the faid Truftees, fhall from Time to Time, as often as the Cafe fliall happen, adjourn Rich Meeting to feme other Day within One Calendar Month then next following to be holden at the fame Place, and the faid Clerk or Clerks fhall caufe Notice thereof to be given by him Seven Days Jefra Their ^e^ore l^e Day to which fuch Meeting (hall be fo adjourned ; and the faid ownExpen. Truftees lhall at their feveral Meetings defray their own Expences ; and ets.	noPerfon	fhall	be	capable	of	adting as aTruftee in the Execution of any

of the Powers hereby granted who is a Vidtualler, or fells Ale, Wine, Cyder, or Spirituous Liquors by Retail, or who fhall hold any Place of Profit under this A cl.

Meetings on XLI. And be it further enadted, That if after any Adjournment of Emergencies. any Meeting as aforefaid, it fhall at any Time be thought neceflary that a Meeting of the Truftees fhould be appointed on an earlier Day than the Day to which fuch Meeting fhall have been adjourned, then and in fuch Cafe the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Truftees (an Order in Writing figned by Five or more of the faid Truftees, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpofe of fuch earlier Meeting, being given to him or them, or left at his or their laft or ufual Place or refpedtive Places of Abode) fhall forthwith give Notice of fuch earlier Meeting in Manner before diredted, and of the Time and Place which fhall be mentioned in the Order of the faid Truftees, fuch Time not being lefs than Seven Days after fuch Notice; and all the Proceedings of the faid Truftees at fuch earlier Meeting, fhall be as good and valid as they would have been in cafe the laid Truftees had met in purfuance of any Adjournment,

XLII. And be it further enadted. That no Order, Appointment, or Proceeding, made at any Meeting of the Truftees holden in purfuance of this Adi, fhall be revoked or altered at any fubfequent Meeting, un-lefs at a Meeting to be holden for that exprefs Purpofe, and at which Nine Truftees at the leaft fhall be prefent, nor unlefs Notice, fpecifying the Revocation or Alteration intended to be made, be given by their faid Clerk or Clerks at leaft Ten Days before fuch fubfequent Meeting, nor unlefs a Majority of Three of the Truftees prefent at fuch fubfequent Meeting fhall decide in favour of fuch Revocation or Alteration.

No Order to be revoked unlefs Nine Truftees fhall be prelent, and a Majo-lity of Three

to Centered	XLIII. And be it further enadted, That the faid Truftees fhall caufe to

be provided and kept a proper Book or Books, and fair and regular Entries to be made therein, of all their Adis, Orders, and Proceedings relative to the Execution of this Adt, and of the Names of all fuch Truftees as lhall be prefent at their feveral Meetings; and all Entries in fuch Book or Books being figned by the Chairman and the Clerk or Clerks then prefent, or either of them, fhall be deemed Originals, and fliall be allow ed to be read as Evidence in all Cafes, Suits, and Adlions, touching or concerning any Thing done in purfuance of this Adi; and fuch Book or Books fhall at all of the Meetings of the faid Truftees be open and liable to the Infpedtion of all and every of the faid Truftees, and of all other Perfons having any Right or Intereft in the faid Meadow called Severn Jfam, or who would have been entitled to any Right of Common on the faid Field, Meadows, and Lands, if this Adi had not paffed into a Law ;

and

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 153.

and that any of the faid Truftees, and all fuch other Perfons, lhall and may have and take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy not exceedino-Seventy-two Words, the Sum of Sixpence, and fo in Proportion for any greater or let's Number of Words.

XLIV. And be it further enabled, That the faid Truftees may and they are hereby empowered, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint One or more Treafurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, and alfo One or more Hayward or Haywards, and fuch other Officers and Perfons, for the Execution of the feveral Powers and Authorities given and granted to the faid Truftees by virtue of this Aft, as they the faid Truftees (hail think proper, and from Time to Time to remove fuch Treafurer or Treafurers, Clerk or Clerks, Haywards, Officers, and Perfons refpeftively, as they lhall fee Occafion ; and out of the Monies to be received by them the faid Truftees by virtue of this Aft, to allow and pay fuch Salaries, Wages, and Allowances to the faid Officers and other Perfons as thefaid Truftees fliall think reafonable ; and the faid Truftees lhall and they are hereby required to take fuch fufficient Security from every fuch Treafurer or Treafurers, and other Officers, for the due Execution of his or their Office, as they lhall think proper ; and all fuch Officers fo to be appointed, fliall under their Hands, at fuch Time or Times, and in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees fliall direft, deliver to the faid Truftees. or to fuch Perfon. or Perfons as they fliall appoint, true and perfeft Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtu^ of this Aft ; and alfo of all the Monies which fliall have been by tuch Officers refpeftively received by virtue and for the Purpofes of this Aft, and how much thereof hath been expended and diiburfed, and for what Purpofe, together with proper Vouchers for fuch Payments; and fliall pay all fuel) Monies as fliall remain due from them refpeftively to thefaid Truftees, or their Treafurer or Treafurers, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they fliall appoint to receive the fame ; and fuch Treafurer or Treafurers fliall in the Month of March yearly, or at the Firft Meeting of the faid Truftees then next following (although not thereunto required by the faid Truftees) lay his or their Accounts before the faid Truftees, in order that the fame may be audited, pafled, and allowed, if approved of by them.

XLV. And be it further enafted. That whenever any Action fliall be brought by the Order of the faid Truftees againft any Perfon or Perfons by virtue or in purfuance of this Aft, the fame may be brought in the Name or Names of their Treafurer or Treafurers, Clerk or Clerks, or in the Name of any One of the faid Truftees, on Behalf of the faid Truftees; and no fuch Action fliall abate or be difeontinued by the Death or Removal of the Perfon or Perfons in whofe Name or Names the fame fliall be brought, nor by the Aft of fuch Perfon or Perfons, without the Confent of the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, at a Meeting to be holder, in purfuance of this Aft ; but no fuch Treafurer or Treafurers, Clerk or Clerks, or Truftee, or any or either of them, fliall be fubjeft to the Payment of any Cofts or Expences on Account thereof; but all fuch Cofts and Expences lhall be defrayed out of the Money arifing by virtue of this Aft collefted or received by the faid Truftees.

Truftees fo

anoint Officers, ami

theai Salaries.

Truflees to take Securi y

Treafurer.

Officers to account.

Treafurer to ally.

Artions to be he brought in the Name of the Treafurer oa Clerk, nr One of the Truftees, who are not liable to the Payment of Cofts.

3

XLVI. And

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 153.

XLVI. And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Trudees, or any Nine or more of them, at any of their Meetings to be holden in purfuance of this Aft, and they are hereby empowered to let and fet annually the faid Allotment or Allotments, andalfo the After or Latter Math of the faid Meadow called Severn Jiam, fo re-fpeftively allotted and awarded to and veiled in them as aforefaid, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, at the bell and mod improved yearly Rent or Rents that can be reafonably had or obtained for the fame; and alfo to let and fet the After or Latter Math of the faid Meadow called Severn Ham in Padures for Horfes, Cattle, and Sheep, to different Peifons, at fuch Rates, and fubjeft to fuch Rules and Regulations, as they the faid Trudees, or any Nine or more ^ of them fhall (fubjeft to the Reductions in this Aft contained) from Time to Time appoint, or by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to leafe or demife the laid Allotment or Allotments, or any Part or Parts thereof, and alfo the After or Latter Math of the faid Meadow called Severn Ham, (fubjeft to fuch Redriftions as aforefaid) to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, for any 1 erm or Number of Years not exceeding Twenty-one Years at any one Time, to commence in Pod'eflion and not in Reverfion, or by way of future Intered, fo that in every fuch Leafe there be referred and made payable to the faid Trudees for the Time being, their Treafurer cr Treafurers, by Four equal Quarterly Payments in every Year, the bed and mod improved yearly Rent or Rents that can be reafonably had and obtained for the fame refpeftievly, without taking any Fine, Premium, or Foregift, in condderation of granting fuch Leafe or Leafes, and fo that in every fuch Leafe or Leafes there be contained the ufual Covenants and Stipulations between Leffors and Leffees, and fuch other Covenants and Stipulations, and fuch Security for the Performance of the fame as the faid Trudees, or any Nine er more of them, at any of their Meetings to be holden in purfuance of this Aft, fhall think mod proper to be inferted therein; and the Rents and Profits arifingfrom the faid Allotment or Allotments, andfrom the After or Latter Math of the faid Meadow called Severn Ham, mall, from Time to Time, be applied and difpofed of in Manner by this Aft direfted.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That it fhall not be lawful for the faid Trudees, their Tenant Or Tenants, Lelfee or Leffees, to dock or depadure at any Time or Times whatfoever, on the faid Meadow called Severn Ham, any Horfes of His Majedy’s Regiments of Dragoons, or any Bulls or Pigs; and that from the Tenth Day of OBaber to the Twentieth Day of November in every Year, it fhall not be lawful for the faid Trudees, their Tenant or Tenants, Leffee or Leffees, to dock or depadure any Horfes or Neat Cattle on the faid Meadow called Severn Ham, unlefs there fhall at the fame Time be docked or depadured thereon Three Sheep at the lead for every Acre of which the faid Meadow called Severn Ham confids ; and that from the Twentieth Day of November to the Thirteenth Day of February in every Year, it fliall not be lawful for the faid Trudees, their Tenant or Tenants, Leffee or Leffees. io dock or depadure any Horfes or Neat Cattle whatfoever on fuch Meadow, but that the fame fliall annually, during the faid lad mentioned Period, be docked or depadured with Sheep exclufively.

XLVIII. Pro-

4-8° GE'ORGII III. Cap. 153.

XLVIII. Provided alfo, That nothing in this Aft contained lhall extend or be continued to extend to authorize or empower the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands in the faid Meadow called Severn Ham, their Tenant or Tenants, LetTec or LelTees refpeftively, to flock or departure any Horfes, Cattle, or Sheep whatfoever on fuch Meadow or any Part thereof, between Hay Harveft and the Day on which the fame would have become fubjeft to Common if this Aft had not palled into a Law, but that from the Time the Grafs to grow thereon lhall be annually mowed or cut, the faid Meadow fliall, as heretofore, remain unftocked until the Time the fame would have become fubjeft to Common as afore-faid; nor to authorize or empower the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of the Lands in the faid Meadow called Severn Ham, their Tenant or Tenants, Lelfee or Leffees refpeftively, to mow or cut the Grafs or Herbage annually to grow thereon after the Twelfth Day of July in any Year after the parting of this Aft, if the fame (hall have been eaten off or grazed by the Horfes, Cattle, or Sheep, of fuch Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or of their Tenant or Tenants, Lelfee or Leffees refpeftively, in the preceding Part of the fame Year, but that the Grafs and Herbage to grow upon fuch Part or Parts of the faid Meadow, which lhall have been fo eaten off or grazed as aforefaid, fliall, from and after the faid Twelfth Day of July in every fuch Year, be verted in the Truftees by this Aft appointed, their Tenant or Tenants, Lelfee or Leffees refpeftively, and be ibid, applied, and difpofed of by them in the fame Manner, and to and for the fame Intents and Purpofes, as the Rents and Profits of the faid Allotment or Allotments, and the After or Latter Math of the faid Meadow called Severn Ham is and are hereby direfted to be fold, applied, and dilpofed of.

XLIX. And be it further enafted, That the faidTrurtees lhall and may, and they are hereby authorized and required, after Payment of all Coils, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the Execution of the feveral Powers to be by them exercifed by virtue of this Aft, in the Month of April in every Year, to pay and divide the annual Rents and Profits of the faid Allotment or Allotments, and of the After or Latter Math of the faid Meadow called Severn Ham, and alfo of all other Monies to be received by them under the Authority of this Aft, unto and between fuch Burgeffes or Freemen of the Borough of Tevekejbury aforefaid, and fuch Occupiers of Houfes within the faid Borough as would refpeftively have been entitled to Rights of Common, in, over, and upon the faid Field, Meadows, and Lands, if this Aft had not parted into a Law, according to their refpeftive Rights and Interefts.

L. And be it further enafted, That the faid Truftees lhall at their Meeting to be held in each Year for the Payment and Divifion of the Money*"by this Aft direfted to be paid and divided, caufe an Account to be Hated and made up in as full, clear, and diftinft a Manner as may be, of all Sums of Money by them or their Treafurer or Treasurers received the preceding Year, and how the fame have been paid, laid out, and expended, which Account fliall be printed and diftfibuted amongft the Inhabitants of the faid Borough.

3005

Proprietors of Land* in H im not to flock the (amp after 11 ay Harveft.

Applications of Rents and Profits.,

Traftces to ftate and pub-lilh an annual Account.

3006	48°GEORGII	III.	Cap.	153.

Act to be printed by the ICing’* Printer.

LI. And be it further enafted, That this Afl (hall be printed by the Printer to the King’s mod Excellent Majedy, and a Copy thereof fo printed (hall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Judices, and others.

gM

—

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s mod Excellent Majedy. 180S.



HMojj

' - -■	•	s»r-i

nfr

\] ri I.

cjjfliJoJ 5/1 i iij iJuj/iwji’.mj'I! Lnt

•’I ?f{.! Hu

i&'mf m>M ,mjm



ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGJI III. REGIS.

****************************************************

Cap. 154.

An Act for exchanging Part of the fettled Eftites of the Right Honourable Francis Earl of Moira fituate in Englandt for Part of the Eftates of the Right Honourable Flora Mure Countcfs ot Loudoun his Wife, fituate in Scotland, including the Caftle of Loudoun.	[2d	"July 180S.]

WHEREAS, by Indentures of Leafe and Releafe bearing Date iofWu-e,

refpe&ively on or about the Twenty-fixth and Twenty-fcventh	a6

Dayt> of May One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight, the recited/ Releafe being of Three Parts, and made or cxpreffed to be made between the Right Honourable Francis then Earl of Huntingdon of the Firil Parr, the faiti Francis • arl of Moira, by the Defcription of the Right Honourable Francis Lord Rawdm Baron Rawdon of Rawdon in the County of Tcrk Nephew of the laid Francis Earl of Huntingdon of the Second Part, and David Lord Vifcount Stormont and William Wildman Lord Vifccunt Barrington of Ireland of the Third Part; the Manors or Lordlhips or reputed Manors or Lordlhips of Loughborough, Barrow-upon-Soar, Whit wick. Ho ten, and Stoney Stanton, in the County of L eicejler, and the Manor or Lord-fhip or reputed Manor or Lordlhip of Melbourne in the County of Derby, and alfo the Liberty and Hundred in the County of Leicejler, called L rcun-land Hundred, and the Foreft called Charnwood Forejt in the laid County of Leicejler, and divers other Manors, Advowfons. capital Meffuages or Tenements, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments in the Counties of Lei-[Lee. & Per ~]	33	R	cejier9

3QIO

Indenture, daUd Nov. j< *788, recited

Deed Poll, dated Jflly it 1789, item

Indenture, dated Ma:ch 24, 1801, recited.

48" GEORGII III. Cap.i^.

cefUr, Derby, Nottingham, and Dorfet, were fettled and allured (fubjeft to certain Eftates and Intereft s which have determined or failed of Effedl by the Death of the faid Francis Earl of Huntingdon without Ilfue Male) to the Ufe of the faid Francis Earl of Moira and his Aflign^for his Life, with Remainder to the Ufe ofTruftees during his Life^ iiVXEu/k to Pre-ferve contingent Remainders, with Remainder to the life- of ffre'Firft, Second and other Sons of the faid Francis Earl of Moira fuccefiivdy in Tail Male, with Remainder or Reverfion to the Ufe of the feid Francis Earl of Huntingdon his Heirs and Aftigns; and by the faid Indenture of Releafe the faid Francis Earl of Moira was empowered to charge the faid Premifes by Deed or Will with any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten thoufand Pounds, with Intereft not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and alfo to demife the faid Premifes for any 1 erm or 1'erms not exceeding One thoufand Years, for better fecuring the Payment of fuch Money and Intereft; and the faid Francis Earl of Moira was alfo empowered to appoint by Deed or Will any Annual Sum not exceeding One thoufand five hundred Pounds for any Woman or Women he fhould marry, for her, or their Lives, for her and their Jointure, and in Bar of Dower, and alfo to demife the Premifes for any Term of Years to commence from his Death, upon Trull by Sale or Mortgage to raife for all and every his Child and Children other than ail Eidell ion, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten thoufand Pounds, with Benefit of Sur-.vivorlhip amongft them: And whereas by Indenture of Three Parts, bearing Dare on or about the Twenty-fixth Day of November One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight, and made or exprelf d to be made between the faid F ancis Earl of Huntingdon of the Fird Part, the faid Francis. F.arl of Moira then Francis Lord Rawdon of t;.e Second Part, and Thomas Coutts of the Third Parr, the faid Francis Earl of Moira charged all the aforefaid Eftates with the Payment of the laid Sum of Ten thouLnd Pounds and Inrereft, and did alfo, with the Confent of the faid Francis Earl of Huntingdon demife, and the laid F-ancis Earl of Huntingdon did demile ratify a id eonnrm all the faid Eftates unto the laid Thomas Coutts, his Executors* Adminiftrators. and Aftigns, for the Term of One thoufand Years, fubject to a Provifo for ceafing me faid Term on Payment of the faid Sum of Ten thoufand Pounds and Intereft; unto the faid Thomas Coutts, his Executors, Adm mftrators or .digits : And whereas by a Deed Poll indorfed on the laft recited Indenture, under the Hand and Seal of the laid Thomas Coutts, bearing Date cn or about the Twenty-fourth Day of July One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine, the faid Thomas Coutts did declare that the faid Ten thoufand Pounds in the laft recited Indenture mentioned, was the proper Money of Archibald Kennedy Enquire of Percy Street Ratbbone Place, afterwards Earl of Cajffllis, and that his Name was ufed therein, in Truft only for the Ufe of the laid Archibald Kennedy, hi» Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators and Aftigns : And whereas by Indenture bearing Date on or about the Twenty-fourth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and one, and made or expreffed to be made between the faid Thomas Coutts of the Firlt Part, Jonathan Mallett of Bryamtone Street Mary-le-bone Efquire, One of the Executors named in the Will of the faid Archibald then late Earl of Cajfill'ts, theretofore called Archibald Kennedy deceafed, of the Second Part, the Honourable "John Kennedy of Cullean Cajtle Scotland, One of the Younger Sons and refiduary Legatees named in the laid Will of the faid Earl of CaJJiLlis deceafed of the Third Part, the faid Francis Earl of Moira of the Fourth Part, and William 4	Collins

-30 it

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap.ts 4.

Collins Jaekfen of Bath Efquire of the Fifth Part, the Reftduc of the faid Term of One thoufand Years in the laid Eftates comprized in the faid tartly hercin-before recited Indenture, and the faid Sum of Ten thoufand Pounds thereon fecured, have been aflignedto and are now vetted in the faid William Collins Jackfon : And whereas by Indenture bearing Date on or indenture, about the Twelfth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and four, and Ju > i2» made or exprelfed to be made between the laid Francis Earl of Moira of ' '"4‘ the Kirft Part, the Right Honourable Flora Mure Countefs of Loudoun of the Second Part, the Right Honourable Charles Hope now Lord Jurtice Clerk in Scotland William Adam Efquireof the Third Part, and Thomas Sutton Enquire now Sir Thomas Sutton Unroriet, and J'Jcph Hill I fqurie of the Fourth Part, being -the Settlement made previous to the Marriage then intended to be and which hath been fibre folemnized between the faid Francis Earl of Moira and Flora Mure Countefs of Loudoun, the faid Earl of Moira, in Exercife of the Powers verted in him by the faid Indentures of Leafe and Releafe, did grant, limit, and appoint all the aforefardf Eftates unto the faid Charles Hope and William Adam for the Term of One hundred Years, to be computed from the Deceafe of the faid Francis Earl of Moira, in cafe he fhouid depart this Life in the Lifetime of the faid Flora Mure Countefs of Loudoun, upon Truft for fecuring a yearly Rent Charge of One thoufand live hundred Pounds to the faid Flora Mure Countefs of Loirdoun for her Life ; and by the faid Indenture the faid Francis Earl of Moira did alfo demife, direct, and appoint all the faid Eftates unto the faid Sir Thomas Sutton and Jofeph Hill, for the Term of Three thoufand Years from the Deceafe of the faid Francis Earl of Moira, upon Truft *o raife the Sum of Ten thoufand Pounds for Portions for the Child or Children of the faid Francis Earl of Moira, other than or btfides an Eldeft or only Son entitled under the Ufes of the faid Indenture of Releafe: And whereas the faid Francis Earl of Moira intermarried with-the faid i lor a Mure Countefs of Loudoun, on or about the Twelfth Day of July One thoufand tight hundred and four, and has iffue by her One Son only, bom the Fourth Day of February One thoufand eight hundred and eight, and an only Daughter an Infant of the Age of Two Years or thereabouts: And whereas the faid Francis vviilefEsrl Earl ot Huntingdon duly made and publilhed his laft Will and Teftament ofM^m-ng-in Writing before the Date and Execution of the faid recited Indentures ‘j£in;da,ed, of Leafe and Releafe of the Twenty fixth and Twenty-feventh Days of Jt*9’ *7 9, May One theufand fevCri hundred and eighty-eight, namely, on the Ninth Day of Auguji One thoufand feven hundred and ftventy-nine, and afterwards duly made and publifhed a Codicil to hi> faid Will bearing Date theFifthDay of February One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine,	^

but which Codicil did not notice or anyways afled the Reverfiun in bee of the laid Eftates comprized in the faid firll recited Indentures of Leale and Releafe, and the faid Francis Earl of Huntingdon afterwards departed this Life in the Year One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine, without having altered or revoked his faid Will and Codicil, or without having republifned the fame, and by reafon thereof inteftate, as to the Reverfion in Fee limited to or referved by him as aforefaid: And whereas the foi$-Francis Earl of Huntingdon died without I flue, leaving the Right Honourable Elizabeth Countefs Dowager of Moira, his Siller and Heir inquire at Law him furviving: And whereas by Indentures of Leafe and Reltafe, d>tr,i 2«i& 3a bearing Date refpe&ively on or about the Second and Third Days of Oclober in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and feven, the Releafe v 1	being

3012

48<’GEQRGII III. Cap. 154.

being of Three Parts, and made or expveffed to be made between the faid Elizabeth Countefs Dowager of Moira, Mother of the laid Francis Earl of Moira of the Firlt Part, the faid William Adam of the Second Part, and the faid Frmcis Earl of Moira of the Third Part, the faid Fliazb&tb Countefs Dowager of Moira did grant, releafe and convey divers Manors and other Hereditaments, being Part of the Manors and Eflates comprized in the faid Indentures of Leafe and Releafe, or Settlement of the Twenty-lixth and Twenty-leventh Days of May One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight, made by the laid Francis Earl of Huntingdon, and comprizing the Manors and other Hereditaments mentioned or de-fcribed in the Tirfl Schedule to this Act, fubjeft neverthelefs to fuch Eflate and Intereff as the faid Francis Earl of Mora then had, or as the Iffue Male of his Body, if he fhould happen to have any, fhould or might be entitled to under and by virtue of the faid Indenture of Settlement, unto and to the Ufe of the faid William Adam, his Heirs and Afligns for ever, in Trull for the faid Francis Earl of Moira, his Heirs and Afligns: And whereas the laid fettled Eflates comprized in the faid Firlt Schedule are inconvenient as a Family or fettled Ellate, by reaion that they confift for the moll Part of fnrall and detached Farms aud Tenements inconvenient for Management and Superintcndance and let at final! Kent!?, rendering the Collection of them very expenfive, and the faid Rents are fubjeft to confiderable Deductions for Repairs of the Buildings on the Premifes: And whereas the faid Flora Mure Countefs of Loudoun is the abfolute Proprietor in her own Right, and by Way of feparate Eflate, ol the Callle of Loudoun in the County of Ayr in Scotland, the ancient Seat and Refidence of her Family, and of divers Lands, harms, and Hereditaments belorging to the fame Callle, and forming a very dcfirable Detnefne thermo; but the faid Lands, Farms, and Hereditaments, are now fubjeft to, or may be affefted with or for the whole Debts or Engagements of the 1. id Flora Mure Countefs or Loudoun and her Predectflbrs in the faid Ellate, and luch Callle is a principal Refidence of the faid Earl of Moira and Flora Mure Countefs of Loudoun ; and it will be a a great Benefit and Advantage to the Iffue of the laid Francis Earl of Moira and Flora Mure Countefs of Loudoun, and an Encouragement to the Preservation of the faid Callle and the Deintines to be annexed thereto, that the laid Caffle and certain of the Lands. Farms, and Hereditaments of the faid Flora Mure Countels of Loudoun in the faid County' of Ayr, cf greater Value than the laid fettled Lltaies comprized in the faid Firlt Schedule to this Aft annexed, afitr allowing for tire faid Mortgage Debt of Ten thoufand Pounds thereon, lhail be fettled or exchanged lor or in Lieu of the fame fettled Eilates, and that the faid Flora Miure Countefs of Loudoun may take the fame fettled Fffates, fubjecl to the laid Mortgage Debt cf Ten thoufand Pounds as a continuing Charge thereon: but as fuch Exchange or Settlement cannot be accoinplifhed without the Aid and Authority eff Parliament j wherefore Your Majefty’s moil dutiful and loyal Subjects the faid Iranas Earl of Moira and Flora Miure Countefs of Loudoun his Wife, 011 Behalf of themfelves and of their faid Infant Children, molt humbly pray Your Majeffy, That it may be enacted; and be it enabled by the King’s molt Excellent Majeffy, by and with the Aovice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, Manors, etc. That from and immediately after the palling of this Aft, fo many and fuch fyecifieff iu ©f (he Manors or Lordlhips, Meffuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and ths Firii scht-	Hereditaments,

i

J

i

4

jt

K

Lt

J

U

C

is

0

R

i

i:

4

b

t

•>

0

1

4.V GKORGil iri. Cdp.i54.

3013

Hereditaments mentioned and comprized in the faid recited Indentures of dule annexed Leafe and. Releafe or Settlement of the Twenty-fixth and Twenty-feVenth	Lord

Days of May One thoufand feren hundred and eighty-eight, as are men- fci.naird jnd honed or enumerated in the faid Firft Schedule to this Act annexed, with ^ pl-^eTc. their and every of their Rights, Royalties, Eafements, Members, and Appurtenances, and the Reverfion and Rcverfions, Remainder and Remainders, .Rents, Iffues, and Profits, of all and fingular the fame Pre-mifes, (hall be veiled in and fettled upon the Right Honourable Charles Lord Kinnaird, and the Right Honourable Charles George Lord Arden, their Heirs and Affigns, to the Ufe of the faid Lord Kinnaird and Lord Arden, their Heirs and Affigns for ever, difeharged of and from all the Ufes, Eftates, Trufls, Powers, Provifoes, and Limitations, Remainders,

Charges, Declarations, and Agreements, by the fame Indentures of Leafe and Releafe or Settlement, and the faid Indenture of the Twelfth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and four, and the faid Indentures of Leafe and Reltafe of the Second and Third Days of October One thoufand eight hundred andfeven, limited expreffed and declared of and concerning the fame Manors and other hereditaments, other than and except the faid Sum of Ten thouland Pounds fccured to the faid Thomas Couits, and now due to the faid William Collins Jackfon on Mortgage as aforefaid, and the faid Term of One thoufand Years for feeuring the fame, and which Sum together with the Intertft thereof {hall from henceforth be, and be deemed a Charge on the Manors and other Hereditaments comprized in the faid Firft Schedule to this Aft annexed, as the Fund primarily liable to the Payment thereof, and fuch Manors ami Hereditaments fhall be in lieu of and in Exchange for the Caftle, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments mentioned in the Second Schedule to this Act, and hereby veiled in the faid Charles Hope and William Adam, their Heirs and Affigns, upon Trull as hereinafter expreffed.

II.	Provided always. That nothing contained in this Aft fhall abridge But not to prejudice or affect any of the Securities or Remedies which the faid William the. Collins Jackfon, his Executors, Adminiftrators or Affigns would otherwife ^ejatkfon. have had or might have taken againft the Eftates comprized in the faid Mortgage or againlt the faid FrancisEzrl of Moira, his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, or any otherPerfon orPerfons, for the Recovery or inrefpeft of the

faid Stun of Ten thoufand Pounds, or the Intereft thereof, or any Part thereof refpeftively, but all fuch Remedies fhall remain and be in Force in the fame Manner 'to all Intents and Purpofes as if this Aft had not been made or palled.

III.	And be it further enacted, That the Manors and other Iieredita- Manor(;> efc%

ments.comprized in the faid Firft Schedule to this Aft annexed, and hereby he h.-ld in veiled in the faid Lord Kinnaird, and Lord Arden, their Heirs and Affigns	"^[“5390,1

as aforefaid, fhall be held by them, but fubjeft to the faid Mortgage for th* Counters Ten thoufand Pounds and Intereft, in Trult for fuch Perfon or Perfons, ^^“ppomu

and for fuch Ends, Intents, and Purpofes, and under and fubjeft to fuch.......*

Powers, Provifoes, Declarations and Agreements as the faid Flora MureCoun-

tefs of Loudoun, at any Time or Times1' hereafter and from Time to Time, as well when Covert as Sole, and notwithftandSng her Coverture by her prelent or any future Hufband, by any Deed or Deeds or Tnftrument or Inftrumenfs in Writing, to be fealed and delivered by her in the Prefence of Two or more credible Witneffes and attefted by the fame Witneffes or by her laft Will and Teflament, in Writing, or any Writing in the Nature of or purporting to be her laft Will and Teftament, or any Codicil or Codicils thereto, to t

[Lee. & Per.]

33 *

3014	4&°	GEORGII HI. Cap. 154.

published, and declared by her in the Prefence of Three or more credible Wit-nefles and atfefted by the fame Witneffes, fhall either before or after the Time at which the Exchange hereby made fhall become abfolute (but fub-jed neverthelefs and without Prejudice to the Provifion herein-after contained), dired, limit, or appoint, and in Default of fuch Diredion, Limita-tation, or Appointment, and in the mean-time and until the fame fhall be made and take Effed, and from Time to Time, fubjed to fuch E(fates, Trufts, Charges, or Interefts as fhall have been made or created by the laid Flora Mure Countefs. of Loudoun, then in Truft: for the faid Flora Mure Countefs of Loudoun, her Heirs and Afiigns, as and for the feparate Eftate of the faid Flora Mure Countefs of Loudoun, apart from her prefent of any future Hufband, and free from his Centrads intermeddling or Engagements. '

Truft,

The Cn.'tTe iv. And be it further enaded, That from and immediately after the etc! men-?>	paffing of this Ad, all and fingular the Caftle, Farms, Lands, and Here-

tioneit 11 ihe ditaments mentioned and enumerated in the faid Second Schedule to this 5ulenvefledVrt- Ad annexed, together with their Rights, Royalties, Members, Eafements, c. H.pe and and Appurtenances, and the Reverfion and Reverfions, Remainder and

* .....1 Remainders, Rents, Iifues and Profits of all and fingular the fame Pre-

mifes, fhall be abfolutely freed and difcharged of and from all the prefent Eftate, R ight. Title, Intereftr Claim and Demand of her the laid Flora Mure Countefs of Loudoun and her Heirs, and be vefted in and fettled upon the faid Charles Hope and William Adams, their Heirs and Afiigns, upon . Truft to convey, fettle, and allure the fame to and for fuch Ufes and Eftates, and under and fubjed to fuch Charges (other than and except the faid Mortgage Debt of Ten thoufand Pounds and the Intereft thereof, and the faid Term of One thoufand Years for fecuring. the fame,) as would at the Time of fuch Settlement, by virtue of the feveral herein-before recited-Indentures or any of them have been fubfifting of and concerning the faid Manors, Farms, Lands and Hereditaments coniprifed in the faid Firft Schedule to this Ad annexed, in cafe this Ad had not paffed, or as near thereto as the Laws of Scotland, and the Deaths of Parties and other Circumftances will admit.

Ceur.teH fo V. And be it further enaded, That in order effedually to veft the faitf execute I),-eds- baffle, Lands, Farms, and Hereditaments comprifed in the faid Second for ertcernaUy Schedule to this Ad annexed in the faid Charles Hope and William Adam Jf ,ch and their Heirs and A (Tigris in Truft as aforefaid, the faid Flora Mure j^awie, etc. in Countefs of Loudoun and her Heirs, (lull be obliged, and (he or they are Titiftece. hereby required to execute ail fuch Deeds, and do-all fuch Ads and Things as (hall be deemed requifite for that Purpofe, under the Diredion and by the Authority of the Judges cf the Court of Seftion in Scotland, containing all Claufes, ufual and requifite, and for that End it (hail- be lawful for the faid Charles Hope and William Adam and their Heirs to apply to the faid Court by furamary Petition, to be ferved upon the Did Flora Mure Countefs of Loudoun or her Heirs, and in cafe of her or their Abfence from Scotland, on her or their known Agent or Solicitor in Scotland, praying that Ihe or they may be required to execute fuch Deed or Deeds, and do all fuch Ads, Matters, and Things, as the Court may think requifite to carry this Ad into Execution ; and in cafe (he or her faid Heirs (hall negled or rc-fufe to grant and execute fuch Deed or Deeds, and do fuch Acts, Matters, and Things, it fhall be lawful to and for the faid Court to adjudge the faid Lands, Farms, and Hereditaments from the faid Flora Mure Countefs

of

3^15

48’ GEORG 11 III. Cap. 154.

of Loudoun and her Heirs, and declare the fame to belong to the faid Charles Hope and William Adam and their Heirs in Trull as aforefaid, fo that complete Titles thereto may in purfirance of fuch Adjudication be made up iri the' Perfons of the faid Truftees, according to the Form of the Laws of Scotland, and the faid Court lhall be and is hereby empowered to take ail fuch other Steps as to them lhall appear proper for accoinplifhing the Purpofe of this Act •feiative to the fame Lands, Farms, and Hereditaments.	'	’

VI. And be it further enacted. That in the meantime and until fuch Umii fiich Conveyance or Affurance ' and Settlement lhall be made and affefted f^clned.ho^ as aforelaid, the faid Charles Hope and William Adam and their Heirs theTrurtees lhall Hand and be feized or eftated and interelted of and in the j-!jzed*7luch Caftle, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments mentioned in the faid Second i.aiHe, Lands, Schedule to this Aft annexed, upon fuch Trulls, Intents, or Purpofes as ctc* lhall be fimilar to and in Effeft correfponding with fuch Ufes, Eftates,

Charges, Trulls, Powers, Provifoes, Limitations, Declarations, and Agreements, Intents and Ptfrpofes, except the faid Mortgage Debt of Ten thou-fand Pounds and the lnterell thereof, and the faid Term of One thoufand Years for fecuring the fame, as by the faid Indentures of Leafe and Releafe or Settlement of the Twenty-fixth and Twenty-feventh Days of May One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight. Indentures of Settlement or Appointment of the Twelfth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and four, and Indentures of Leafe and Releafe of the Second and Third Days of Oftober One thoufand eight hundred and feven, were limited, expreffed, and declared of, and concerning the Manors, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments mentioned in the faid Firft Schedule to this Aft annexed, or fuch of them as lhall be then fubfifting and capable of taking Effeft or would have been fubfiltingand capableof taking Effeft, in cafe this Aft had not paffed, or asnearthereto as may be,and the Deaths of Parties and the Conveyance made by the faid Elizabeth Countefs Dowager of Moira as aforefaid, will admit.

VIT. Provided always, and be it enafted, That nothing in this Aft con- Claims of tained lhall extend or be conftrued to infringe any Right or Remedy which any Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic, or Corporate, as Creditors of the not to be faid Flora Mure Ccuntefs of Loudoun or her Predeceffors, have or may have artccted* againil the Caftle, Lands, Farms, and Hereditaments comprized in the faid Second Schedule to this Aft annexed, for Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money now due to them by virtue of any Deeds granted by her or her Predeceffors prior to the palling this Aft, or for the lnterell due or to grow due thereon, or for Performance of any Obligations to complete the Securities of fuch Creditors, by Enfeoffment on the faid Caftle, Lands,

Farms, and Hereditaments, fo as on thofe Securities on which Enfeoffment hath not already been taken and entered. Enfeoffment lhall be taken and entered within Three Calendar Months next after the palling this Aft, but it lhall be lawful to the faid Creditors or either of them, by whom Enfeoffment hath already been taken and entered, or by whom Enfeoffment fhall be taken and entered within the Time herein-before limited in that Behalf, to proceed for Recovery of their faid Debts againft or out of the Caftle, Lands, Farms, and hereditaments comprized in the faid Second Schedule to this Aft annexed, in the fame Way as if the fame Caftle,

Lands, Farms, and Hereditaments, were and had remained the Property

of

3016	4.8* GEORGI1 III. Cap. 154..

of the faid Flora Mure Countefs of Loudoun, notwithftanding the palling of this ACt, and as if the fame had not been made.

VIII. Provided always, and be it farther ena&ed, Ihat the faid intended Exchange fhall be fufpended and of no Force or Effect until the faid (eve-ral Debts or Sums of Money affeCting or which may afteCt the faid Cable, Lands, Farms, and Hereditaments comprized in the faid Second Schedule to this ACt annexed, or any of them, and which are due or owing by virtue of' any Deeds or Securities granted by the faid Flora Mure Countefs of Lou-doun or any of herPredeceffors, and on which Enfeoffment hath been taken and entered before the pafling of this Act, or on which Enfeoffment fhall be taken and entered within the Time herein-before limited in that Behalf fhall be difeharged, and Satisfaction fhall be entered thereon according to the Law's of Scotland for entering Difcharges, or Satisfaction on or for fuch Debts and Sums of Money as aforefaid, or on the Deeds or Securities for the.fame, or which fhall hrft happen, until all andfingular the fame Cable, Lands, Farms, and Hereditaments fhall, according to the Laws of Scotland, be by fome other Means exonerated and difeharged from fuch Deeds and Securities on which Enfeoffments have been already taken and entered, or fhall be taken and entered within the Time limited as aforefaid, and that this Act fhall be void and of no EffeCt unlefs fuch Difcharges and Satisfactions fhall be fo entered, or unlefs the Eftates in the faid Second Schedule to this Act annexed, fhall by fome other Means be effectually exonerated from the faid Debts and Sums of Money, Deeds and Securities, within Two Tears from and after the pafling of this ACt.

KemeJy iu IX. And be it further enaCted, That if any of the faid Manors, Cable, £vinion Lands, Farms, Tenements, or Hereditaments refpeCtively, herein-before vefted or fettled as aforefaid, or any Part or Parts thereof refpeCtively, fhall at any Time or limes hereafter be lawfully evicted or taken away out of the Poffefiion of the Perfon or Perfons, his or their refpeCtive Heirs, Iffue or Affigns, in or upon whom or to whofe Ufe the fame Premifcs are or ought to be by or by Means of this ACt refpeCtively vefted, fettled and limited by ary Right or Title precedent to the pafling of this ACt, then and from * thenceforth it fhall and may be lawful to and for all and every Perion and Perfons, and his or their Heirs or Affigns, out of whofe Poffefiion fuch Premifes fhall be fo lawfully evicted and taken away, from and immediately after fuch Eviction or taking away of the Poffefiion of the faid Premifes refpeCtively, or any Part thereof as aforefaid, to enter into the Hereditaments relpeCtively hereby vefted and fettled, in lieu of and in Exchange for the laid Hereditaments which fhall be fo lawfully evicted and taken away, and the fame to have, hold and enjoy again as in his, her or their firft and former Eftate; any Thing in diis Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

General	X. Saving always to the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, His Heirs and

Saving. Succeffors, and to all and every other Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Politic, and Corporate, his, her and their Heirs, Succeflors, Executors, Adminif-trators and Affigns, (other than and except the faid Francis Earl of Moira and Flora Mure Countefs of L'oudounhis Wife refpeCtively, and their refpec-tive Heirs and Affigns, and the Firft and other Sons of the faid Francis Earl of Moira, and the Heirs Male of the refpective Bodies of the fame Sons and the Daughters and younger Sons, for whofe Portions the Sum of

Ten

Exchange of

Premifes to be impended till the Debts affecting the Premifes comprized in the Second Schedule aie dif-cha.'ged, e:c.

30i7



m

wi*i?

S«'U

Mk

4e l«

siaaii

in,8

.Fiot,

bffe earn Ube 4b A3 ■tiJall ibisM ran rfee oleifi

-Cille,

i-Wort

t.SoB

Ottof

Star

csjbf

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 154.

Ten thoufand Pounds hath been appointed as aforefaid, and the faid Charles Hope and William Adam; and Sir Thomas Sutton and Jcfepb Hill, as Truf-tees of the faid feveral Terms of One hundred Years and Three thoufand Years, appointed to them refpectively as aforefaid, and their refpective Executors, Adminiftrators and Afligns, and the faid IVilliarn Adam, his Heirs and Afligns, as Truftee of the Inheritance conveyed to him a d them by the faid Elizabeth Countefs Dowager of Moira in Remainder or Reverfion, as aforefaid), all fuch Eftate, Right, Title, Intereft, Claim and Demand of* in, to or out of the Hereditaments mentioned in the faid feveral Schedules to this Act annexed, or any of the fame Hereditaments or any Part thereof, as they, every or any of them had before the palling of this Aft, or could or might have had, held or enjoyed in cafe this Aft had not been made.

XI. And be it further enafted, That this Aft (hall be printed by the EvidcnCe* Printer to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, and a Copy thereof fo printed (hall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Juftices, and others.

33 T

[Loe. Is Pcr^

30x8

48" GEORGII III. Cap. 154,

The Firft SCHEDULE to which this Aft refers.

THE feveral Honours, Manors, or Lordlhips of LOUGHBOROUGH, BARROW-UPON-SOAR, WHIT WICK, HOTEN otherwife HOTON, and STONEY STANTON, in the County of Leicester, with their feveral Rights, Members, and Appurtenances.

The Honour, Manor, or Lordfhip of MELBOURNE, in the County of Derby, with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereto.

The Honour, Manor, or Lordfhip, Liberty, and Hundred, called FRAML AND HUNDRED, in the County of Leicester, with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereto.

PARTICULAR and RENTAL

OF THE



LOUGHBOROUGH, Hathern, Hoten otherwife Hoton, Mountforrell, Barrow-upon-Soar, Ouorndon, Woodthorpe, Burton-on-the-Wolds, and Framland Hundred ESTA TES.

LOUGHBOROUGH.

A.Mleton, Elizabeth

1 rmltiong, John A nfwurtli, John Armftrcng, Wiliiaa

ditto

nnefl, Caleb

dit

i, Robert 'Ilow, John ditto

.vlelVuase and Garden A Garden

Meiiiiage and Garden

, Shop, &c.

Mill and Land Land and Fifhery .Meliuage and Yard Land

Me liiages and Land Land

Melluage and Garden

Meffuages and Land

8hfm, Edward ditto

Land

Meffisage, Yards, &c. - I Land	-

Ori Leafe for 30 Years, from Lady-day 1803

At Will

At Will, from Lady-day



On Leafe for 30 Years, from Lady-day 1804 At W.ll, from Lady day -On Leafe for 30 Years, from Lady-day 1803 At Will, from Lady-day -

dirt

At Will, from Lady-day -On Leafe for 3 x Years, tiom Lady-day 1781 At Will, from Lady-day -

On Leafe for 30 Years, from Lady-day 1803 At Will, from Lady day -

fe' Jg

m

i

11 11

II	I I I I	I I I	M

II	I I I I	I I I	I I

I 3 S3. I? ISIS^S II £1 I I II I II I I 111 I I I II

S IS I li- I I S I I II I I I I I I I I I I

I	3 I I I I II

II	I I I I If

III I 5 11 II I I 111

I	I I 3 5 S . I 1 S 5 I S £ I

II	III I II I I I II I I

I I I I I I I I I I

sl I I S I I. M s'! I I I II II II I I

I

cn

o

W

o



OS

o

VO

Schedule I.—continued.

3020

4.a° GgORGXI III. Cap. 154*

Schedule I.—Continued._

New oi* laic in	t,, i			.		
fpcftivt Tenure	orOc-		
"neir Unde.-li!		Defcription of Premires.	
Afligu*.			

ghboroug H—continued.

Clcmentfon, John Cooper, Elizabeth - lailce, Ann

Ctaggs, G. B,

Cla ke, Jof ph Cooper, ihomas ■

Cooper, William Coop-r, William • El zabethChapman,' lateW’idowMi'cheli„ ditto late New 11 Calls, Rchard,late' Shelton Dewick, John

Dexter, Thomas

ditto

Douglas, James ditto

Dawfon, Ann

Dowell, John Die ©is, Henry Dann, Elizabeth Dexter, W idow Dakin and Bate6 Draper, Robert Dafliw od, C. V. -Eddowes, Iienry -

ditto

ditto !• lliott, Thomas Ella Coleman & Co. Eaton, Elizakeih, 1 late Mee - J Fowler, Edward

ditto ditto-Fanner, Elizabeth Farrow, Hannah

“}

Cottage and Garden Tenement in Baxter Gate -Melluage in the Market Place

Capital Mefliizge in Penfold \ G te	-	J

Small Cottage Public Houfe called the Marquis of Granby, Yards and Land Tenement, Garden and Land Cottage and Garden Houfe and Land Old Cottage and Garden Mefluage and Garden

of

Gardem Me linage and Garden Tenement and Nailer’s Shop Cottage and Garden > oCage and Garden in^ Meliuage and two Tenements

Mefluage in Four Tene-'i menis, and Cottage and > Weaver’s Shop A Melluage in Two D' lings and

Cotton Mill and Koufe

Two Cottages and Bom' and Land Meadow Mefluage and

Houfe a ad Yard Cottage and Yard Houfe *nd Garden Cottage and Garden (pulled down.)

Cottage and Garden

Me uage and Garden in'!

the Market-place - j Melfuage and Surgeon’s Shop

a Dwel- S r Tene- >

d Bsm ■)

: nether >

Wharf, Warehoufe and Yard Cottage

Melfuage and Brewhenfe -

Mefluage and Hop Yard Land

Melluage and Land Public Houle and Yards

At Will, from Lady-day -ditto ■	-

On Leafe for 31 Years, from Lady-day 1781 On Leafe, which will expire (pulled down)

At Will, from Lady-day -

ditto - '■ ■>	•

ditto

ditto

ditto

On Leafe for 30 Years, from

ditto

On Leafe for 30 Years, from

Lady-day 1807.........-

ditto

At Will, from Lady-day -ditto

On Leafe for 30 Years, fj om Lady day 1805

At Will, from Lady-day -

At Will, from Lady-day -

ditto

ditto

On Leafe for 30 Years, from Lady-day 1801 On Leafe for 30 Years, from Lady-day 1803 At Will, from L.dy-day -

On Leafe for 30 Years, from Lady-day 1S03 At will, from Lady-day

At WiJI, from Lady-day -Dn Leafe for 30 Years, from Lady-day 1803 At will, from Lady-day 2

Quantity.	*55	Valuation.	
			
a. r.	£ t. d.	£	I
O O J 0 0 3	0 is —	J 1	-
0 0.0		*5	--
0 i 4	J — —	40 -	
a 0 33	„ - _K	29	--
: ’	+0		Ay	
0 4 16	2 to —	12 J	O'-
00,7	1			“
0 Oil	ro			j-
	1 5 —		-
			—
0 0 j		4 -	-
0 0 3		4 -	
O O	- 1. 6	rfjftr	
0 0, *		nhD	f,
0 1 30	II	»	:aj -	
Oil	IO			
		20	Sit
	6 10 —		
		rr/r.0	■¥>l
1 'kTJ -	A£JJ .... ... •	WL	
	ig	1	mG .8 4	
	2!.J		
	2 — AA.	6 -f.,-*  + .	
			
		-4 —	
	1 IO-	1 1	T
0 0 io	3 xo —V	: 3 »	-
5 0.20	4	.	-,4 -	
0 0 .	A - ^	*5-	
	,o	•	•>5 -	i-J.
8 0.36	35	1	35 f	7
		1 f	
x 0. I	20 T.~.		
006	1 1 ~	^ 1	
0 j 16			-
		*l5	
XI I 30	40 — ..rrr;.	40 -	
	3i .xqrr		
0 |o' 18		is	
9 .1 *7	26 .— —T	h‘	liT
018		10	<-
5r	13		13	„

48*GEORGII III. Cap. 154.

3021

Schedule I.—continued.

tptili.t renure* or Oc-

E'toW-Ttninhor

Afigns.

Defcription of Premifej,

Loughborough—continued.

Follows, Dorothy -

ditta Fawkes-, Widow Fox,John Fofter, John Flavel, John Farrow, John

ditto

Frith, William (late > Raven)	-J

Gains, John

ditto

Gains, William

Gamble, Richard dit.o ditto

ditto

ditto, late Allen Halhold, James

Hood, Sarah

Henfcn,'William -

ditto

Hopewell, Jofeph -Harris, Jolin HeanTtvorth and ) Oharld'worth * / HopeWcfl, John

Hull, J. .

ILk. y Peri}

Meffuage and Garden Land

The Boot Inn and Yards, with Land Cottage and Yard Building Ground



Meliuage and Garden MefTuagc and Collarmakers) Shop	-	-J

Meffuage and Yards

Meffuage, Britannia Public J Houle and Shop	- /

Cottages and Gardens .Land

Parcel of Land on the) Brook fide -	-J

Parcel of Land in'Mill Lane Cottage and Yard

Saracen’s Head

The Upper Mill and Land -Meffuage, Fenement, Shop i and Garden -	- j

Meffuage and Garden Land -

Me..uage and Plumber’s Shop

Cottage and Sh- p Houle vvheehvnght’sShon, 1 Yards, &c.	-	-	j

The Unicorn Inn Yard:;, eve.

Land

Meiiuage and Shop Mefluage and Grocer's ) Shop and Land - j Sundry j enerr.ents, and ) Garden at .'-parrow Hill j Me..uages and Cooper s ;hop

An w Cotlage and Garden Barn, Cowhoufe, and Yard Meffuage and Garden

Tenement and Garden

On Leafc ror Years,from Michaelmas 1800 At W ill, from Lady-day At V\ ill, from Lady-day ditto

On Leafe for 30 Years, from Lady-day 1806 ditto

At Will, from Lady-day ditto

On Leafe, which will expire at Lady-day i8n On Leafe for 30 Years, from Lady-day 1804 At Will, from Lady-day On Leafe, for joYears, fr Lady-day 1803 At Will, from Lady-day On Leafe from Lady-da 1805 for 30 Years

At Will, from Lady-day ditto

On Leafe for 30 Years, from Lady day 1806

On Leafe for 30 Years, from Lady-day 1804 At W ill, from Lady-day

At Will, from Lady-day

On Leafe for 30 Years, fre Lady day At Will, from Lady-day

r 3a Yeai Lady-day J003 Will, from Lady-day -

OnXeafe for 30 Years, from Lady day 1803 At! V* ill, fioin Lady-day -ditto

Cri Leafe for 30 Years,fro i ady-day 1803 promile At W ill, from Lacy day

ditto

, ditto -

26 — -

y5 — .

— 1 s -

7 17 -

126

5 J

o o [6

>8 5 -18 — -

3	-----

4	— *

8 — -

15 — ■ 38 5 ‘

4 — -3 — -

33 u



302:

480GEORGII III. Cap. rsx.

Schedule I.—tantimicd.

NoV or laic In the rc-fpeiiive Tenures or Oc-cupmoa' of the uncier-m-ntione.l Peifons, or thei Undei-Tenants 01 Aliigns

Pcfcription of Ptemifes.

Loughbop.OU GH—continued.

Ilandlcy, John ieane, John Harley, VV. and F.

Hnllam, William

Hallam, Jo! n Harriman, 1 homas Hooper, William -

Holland, Henry* Hubbard, Job Harrifon, Robert -Karris, Benjamin Hack, William Hood, .Stephen, late J



J.tckfon, William Jnckfon, Solomon Jones, Jofeph

Knight, Jonhs Kirk, Kiehard Keatly, John

Launder, Robert -

Leicefter, Thoma3 Launder, Thomas Leicefter, William -Lockwood, Thomas Lydell, Widow Lowe, Anne Lowe, Elizabeth Launder, Elizabeth Lind fay, Thom .a -Lowe John, late Carter

Martin, Samuel

ditto Morris, Jofeph n, Widow Marfhall, William -

ditto Morrs, Widow Mansfield, Widow -Mansfield, William

Me (Tinge and OardeH d-tto

Malthoufe and Buildings

Land

Me Hinge and Yards MclTuagc and Yard

Cottage in Bear PI ice Meifuage and Garden, and 1 Cottage	-	-j

Ci'tt'gc and Garden Land -Meifuage, Warehoufes and J Yards	.	-/

Mefiuages and Gardens Cottage and Orchard Cottage and Moiety of a Barn Cottage and Garden Meifuage and Garden Me'fmge, Orchard, and 1 Garden	-	. j

Cottage and Garden

eftto -	-

Ie,ruage, Brewhoufe, and 1 Yard	-	-j

Land

Griliin Public Houfe, Cot-J tage and Land	.	j

Meifuage ar.d Garden Land -Mcftinge and Garden Meifuage, Garden, and Land Meiluagc and Garden

MdTuages and Gardens

Meflinge and Garden ditto ditto ditto

(Hopfe) pulled down Meifuage and Yard (Houle) pu'Jed down Meifuage and Yard Cottage and Croft Hcule and Garden

Me uage and Garden

Mci uage and Land 1 ditto

Meifuage and Garden

Tenement ditto, and Garden Melfuages and Garden

At Will, from Lady-day ditto

On Leafe for 30 Years from Lady-day 1804 At Will, from Lady-day On Leafe tor 30 Years, fro Lady-day 1805 At Will, from Lady-day ditto

On Leafe for 30 Years, from J. ady-day 1805 At Will, from Lady day ditto ditto ditto

On Leafe for 28 Years, from Lady-day 1783

ditto ditto

On Leafe for 30 Years} from Lady-day 18 oj At Will, from Lady-day -On Leafe for 30 Years, from j Lady-day 1805	-	j

At Will, from Lady-day -ditto

Rent. Valuation.

i 8-------------8	—	-



3 29 43 ------ 43 -----

>16 10---------10	— —

o 19	10	—	-

» —	*	J	—

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

On Leafe for 30 Years, fro Lady-day 1803

At Will, from Lady day ditto ditto ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

O11 Leafe, from Lady-day 1803

At Will, from Lady-day ditto

On Leafe which will expire . Lady-day 181-

At Will, from Lady-day ditto ditto

On Leafe for 30 Years, from

Lady-day 1803



1 *7	10	------

6 10 —	8-----'

4S°G£ORGII III. Cap. 154.

So23

Schedule X.-^-anthmcd.

						
Pafio.	cupiu n»of 'ns uneci-	Defcrip’ion of Premites.	Tenure.	Quantity.	Rent.	Valuation.
	ini ir Unde-Ten.iius or A Signs.					
	Loughbo	OUG H—continued.	■ ■	J	£ s. d.	£ s» d.
107.	Mansfield, William	Land - «	At Willjrtronx Lady-day -	■j > 1	,4 			
	ditio	ditto	ditto			
140.	ditto	MefPu.rge and Garden	ditto	O a 36		i 5 — —
	ditto		ditto			
3 79-	Mayne, Thomas	Cottage and Garden	ditto		4 ic —	
38.	Kafh, Jofeph	Meffuage andGrocersShop\ and Land - - J	At Will, from Lady-day -	zix6	15		16 — —
«7	North, Ifaac, late 1	Cottage	ditto	0 CO	— 17 6 •	110 -
«S-	North, Ifaac	Mel.uage and Yard and Land	ditto			
	i> tta, T\tc Capp	Cottage and Garden	ditto		1 13 		
	Ditto, late Clarke -	ditto				
iS»-	NewU.11, r.dward	ditto	ditto	0 0 J		1 10 —
	Overfeers, The	ditto	ditto		2		3	
386.	arm;, Thomas	Tenement and Yard	ditto		* 5 —	I I© —
36.	1 aimer, T homas	Meiiuage and Grocer’s Shop	On Leafe for 30 Years, from			
			Lady-day 1803			
	ditto		At Will, lr-m Lady-ray -			
	rolkev, William -	■yje uage and Granary	ditto	0 0 14		
	i re (ton Beniamin -	^o.tages and Garden	ditto	0 0 38		5 —
	0well, William	Me uage and Land	ditto	7 0 25		aj	
	Powell. Vvilhain	vleiuage and Land	ditto			
	i e.lky, J.	A new Cottage and Garden	ditto	008		4 10 —
349-	’. i ts, Mary	Meiiuage and Garden				
	Peck,John	Stables aOd Barn	On Leafe for 30 Years, from			
			Lady-day 1803	0 0 23	12		
	ditto		At V> ill, from L dy-day -			
39S-	Palfrey man, Richard	Small Parcel of Land	On Leale for 30Years, from Lady-day 1804	0 0 24	4		4	
401.	ditto	Land -	At Will, from Lady-day -	17 1 12		28	
			ditto		14		
3^5	Palmer, William	A new built Meffuage, \	On Leafe for 30 \ ears, from			
		Yards and Garden • /	Lady-day 1804			
	ditto		At Will, from Lady-day -	5 * 6	16 1 ——	16 1 —
* 13.	1 i kington, Thomas	Cottage and Garden	ditto	0 0 3		
		Met uo:e and Weaver’s Shop	ditto			
all.	Paliik r, .W. lenior -	A Clofe called Middle J field, 3 a- 3r. 34 P- *J Cottage and Garden	ditto	3 3 34	12		12	
«'	Palmer, Robert		ditto - -	0016	* 5 ~	2 IO -
an',	iPalmer, Sarah, O-	Me. uage and Garden	On Leafe for 30 Years, from			
417.	1		Lady day 1805	0 0 36		
	1’refton, Lydia		At Will, fiorn Lady-day -			
	Peujr, Joieph	Land				
iio	i arke*, i homa?, ")	Meffuage and Yards	ditto	004	4		6	
392.	“ ck, Z.icluiiah	Cottage and Garden	(Houfe pulled down.)			
42 7	Pegg, V*illiam,jun.	1 wo Cottages and Gardens -	On Leafe for 50 Years, from			
			Lady day 1806			
»'4	towel!, James	Me ‘uage and Apothecary's J Shop - ■ J	Ditto from Lady-day 1805	0 0,1	>5		18	■
314			At Will, from Lady-day -			15	
313	ditto	Meiiuage and Currier's Shoo	On Leafe for .3© ^ -ai s, from			
			Ladv-day 180?	005		
3*3	ditto	Land	At Will, irorn Lady-day: --	4 0 36		
394  393	Pol key, John Polkey, Ann	Cottage and Garden ditto	ddto }v^'c John (Lins	-	-	-
7S	Prviwett, john	ditto	ditto - -	0 0 18	2 10 —	2 IO
198	Quinton, Vv illiam -	Meiiuage, Yard and Cottage	On Leafe for 30 Years, from			
			Lady-day 1803	0 0 S5		15 IO —
300	ditto	Land	At Will, from Lady-day -	5 * 39	,5		*5		
45		The New Inn and Yards -	On Leafe for 30 Years, from			
			Lady-day 1779	005	3	,o-_

3024

480GEORGII III. Cap.is±.

Schedule I.—continued.

F>s<.	N.‘W or late in the re-1'peAiveTcnures or Occupations uf the undermentioned Per Tons, or their Unde.-Ttnanis or	Drfcription of Premifcs.	Tfnuie.	Quantity.			Rent.			Valuation.		
	Loughbo	tot7G H—continued-		A	R		£		d.	£		
78.	Rudkin, Thomas -	MefTuage and Yard	At Will	0	O	35	4	.0	-	3	-	-
126	Ran Ion,John	Mefluage and Yards	ditto	O	O	3	10	—	—	10	-	
	Rjadley, 1 homas -	Mcfniages and Tenements -	ditto		O	30		—	—		—	—
		Land	ditto				18			18		
	ditto	Building Ground	On Leafe for 30 Years, from									
			Ladv-day 1804									
	Ratcliff, John	MefTuage and Garden	At Will, from Lady day •	O	O	11	4	10	—	4	10	—
	Rofe, il nm	Ditto and Land	ditto				23			2		
	Kenalls Widow	MefTuage and Yard	ditto			5				8		
	Rilej, lh .mas	ditto	ditto			8						
	Robinlon, William	ditto	ditto									
	Roner, William	ditto	ditto	O		7				—		
	Ro ell, Jof ph	ditto	ditto									
	Ro ell, Jofeph. jun.	ditto	On Leafe for 30 Years, from									
			Lady-day 1803			8				8		
f o&.	ditto	Land	At Will, from Lady day -				16			16		
3*3-	Rudkin, homas -	Melluage and Cottages	O11 Leafe for 30 Years, fiom									
			Lady-day 1804	O		*9						
245-	Renalls, John, late 1	MefTuage, &:c.	On Leafe for 30 Years	O	O	a	14	-	-	21	-	-
	ditto	Land	ditto	s	3	10	21	—	—	*1		-
T?7	Staveley, Cbriftopher	Bull Head Tnn and Land	At Will, from Lady-day -	128	0	6		—	_		_	
	Sicvenfon, Jofeph -	Memiage and. Land										
	strelly, Richard	Melluage and Garden	On Leak* ior re Years, rom									
			Lady-d y 1S03			6						
		Land	At Will, from Lady-day -									
	Sugden,Jonas	Parcel of Budding Ground	On Leafe for .0 Years, trom									
			Lady-day 1803				*5					
	ditto	Land	At Will, horn Lady day -			xf.	W					
	>arf >n, Robert	Mefiiiatre and Garden										
	Stephenfon, bamuel	Mellu. ee and Yards	ditto	0								
	Smith, John	Ditto and Land	ditto				60			60		
	Sibfon, l homas	Melluage and Yards	ditto	0		18						
	Srmth, John	ditto	ditto			38	8			8		
	smith, William	ditto	ditto									
	•immonds, Samuel		ditto			l3						
	Stone, John	ditto	ditto									
	ShufTb nottom	Mefiuage in Bear Place	ditto									
30	otreet, Thomas	Me uages and Lard	ditto									
	mimonds, John	Me rluages and Yard	ditto									
	Simpfon, Elizabeth		On Leafe, which will expire									
			Lady-day 1S09				3			r5		
44S	Soar Navigation, "1 Proprietors of -/	Ditto and Land	ditto	4	■	34	JJ	6	-	*5	6	-
	Smith, John, now 1	Late part of a Houfc now )										
		pulled down - J										
■570	Stephenfon, John -	Me.inage and Garden	ditto								ro	
		Meiluage in "Ward's £,nd	At Will									
*76	§umners, John, late \	MefTuage and Shops	On Leafe rr 30 Years, from Lady-day 1803	0	0		6		_	6		
*78-	ditto	MefTuages and Land	At Will, from Lady-day -	*	1	16	r6	10		16	10	—
			ditto	O	o		r		_		_	—
	Thorpe, John	Mefiuage, Yards, dec.	On Leafe,for 31 years, which will expire Lady-day 1826	n	j							
		Land	At Will, from Lady-day -	6		38	12					
		MeTuage and Garden	ditto	0	0	5	r	16	—	1	16	—
												
		ditto	On Leafe for 30 Years, from									
			Ladv-day 1803									
	Thompfon, Widow	ditto	At Will, from Lady-day -	0	0	7	1	—	—		—	—
	Till, Thomas	ditto				>5	5			5		
	fowndrow, George	ditto		0			3			3		
	! hacker, Will am -	ditto										
44»*	Thacker, George -	Cottage		°	3	8						

[.Uc. & Per.-]



i ■ ■ . . I . I ,	, , i .	.	i	i

■	rrr^TiTfii	T! TTTTTTr

! I J___LJ

v.1 f r r f: /;

7/ / /-/

?J| »S*5 3«	* Vt* i Syj -a$ - g	5-

j Mlf ilf I” IPr f Hff I f'! S

II' If - ■ *. l-E ■ fl V B

?t it? tifW

n si1 sH' ■ssnst ip. *;r ■.» , i

fS I SBB I S I I I SJSiT-S I Bill-* I £ I I III [~l I I I I I I I II I II I ! I 11111,1111 III

K I I I

L~ **».!!;	_	c’?.	» I-3S.4. ■5^4.^; 'sgj;

H	ss s I s i i	s m I;; i	i:n»	I a i i	i i i

r 1	I I I II I I	I I I I I I I I	Mill	I I I I	I I I

sf».. -'s- » .i: tills Ml I Ml H I I II I III I I II II

1

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 1^4.	3025

3026

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 154,

Schedule I.—continued.

48° GEORG 11 HI. Cap. 154.

3027

Schedule I.—continued.

CHIEF RENTS in LOUGHBOROUGH.

Stephenfon, Jofeph Boyer, Jelleys ditto ditto Middleton, Mr.

Hull, William, late Movetty Cropper, Henry Webfter, Benjamin Crampton, William Capp, William VVykes, Mr. Bofworth

Warner, Edward Tate, Benjamin	i

Collins, John.'late Savage Pouchin, Mr.

ditto Heyrick, Mr.

Johnfon, Mr.

Webfter, Nicholas	-

Bofs, Mrs.

Bakewell, William Ferryman, Robert Barrowes, Thomas, Efq.

Taylor, John Dalby, Mr.

Hunt, Mr.

Whatton, Mr. late Watkinfon

Pack, Charles

i’otiltney, Richard

Smith, Andrew

Farrow, John

Aiiopp, Mr.

Cradock, Mr.

Beaumont, Mr.

Houfe in Highgate for Smiths

Houfe in Market-place

Feoffees Houfe in Church-gate Burleigh Eftate George Inn Hubbard’s Meadow One-third of the Outwoods One-third of Ditto One-third of Ditto Sturrups Land Houfe in Baxter-gate A Houfe late Davy’s Clofe in Park Field, Upper and Nether Meadow	-

Houfe in Woodgate Clofe in Parkficld -Houfe in Church-gate Houfe in D°

Hop-yard and Garden Nether Meadow	*	-

Houfe and Orchard Houfe in Bolton Row Clofe in Midfield Houfe in Church-gate

COMMON FINES.

Burton-on-the-Woulds Tate, Benjamin, Efq. Billion, John Pack, Charles Quorndon Knight- thorpe Sealthorpe

Woodthorpe .■« Mountforrell

BURTON ON THE WoULDS.

Sarfon, Widow JefFcrys, 1 homas Adcock, John Litherland, Robert Warner, Rachael Mitchell, Sarah Pool, Elizabeth

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

---6

— 8 —

3028

48° GEORGII III. Cup. 134*

Schedule L*—continued\

Burton-on-the-Woulds—continued.

Weftby, Thomas Taylor, John Peal, Sufennah Bryan, James

-	A Cottage . ditto

-	A Garden

-	A Chief

HOTEN, otherwife HOTON COTTAGES.

Marfhall, Thomas Spencer, William Leeion, Robert, and R. Barrott Roadley, William Lewin, John Roberts, John _ -Lockwood, Benjamin Roadley, William

A Cottage ditto ditto ditto ditto ditto ' ditto ditto

BARRO W-UPON-SO AR.------COTTAGE RENTS,

1

Now or late in the re-  fpcAive Tenures br Occupations of the undermentioned Perfons, their Under-Tenants or Affigns.	Dcfcriptic	a of Premiss.	Tenure.		Rent.	Valuation.
Adcock, Thomas Armftrong, Thomas, 1 and J. Gretton - j	Cottage  ditto	. 1 I	On the Wafte ditto *2		£ s. d.	£ s. d.
Burton, William ' Burgoin, John Brown, George Brotherhood, John Bakeweil,Thomas, and l Elizabeth Pith - J Bromley, Sheffield Bakeweil, Thomas Brotherhood, John Brett, John Brown, George	. ditto d'tto ditto ditto ditto 1 ditto ditto ditto ditto ditto		ditto  ditto  ditto  ditto  ditto |  ditto  ditto  ditto  ditto  ditto	•	illll 1 II 1 1  1 1 1 o-l 1 1 o-o-l	i 6 — i 6
Candor, John Cowper, Elizabeth	ditto  ditto		ditto  ditto	‘		— i —
Derby, Thomas Derry, Jofeph Dennis, Samuel Du inn, jofeph	ditto  ditto  ditto  ditto	{ :	ditto.  ditto  ditto  ditto	j	1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1	— 6 —
Farnhara, Edward	Fifbing Reeds, Fifhing ^ in the old Soar, ( Fifhing RuQtes and. j  Meadow - - J			-	3		3	
Hull, Francis Haddon, Jofeph Heanworth, John / Hale, William Hull, Jonathan	Cottage  d'tto  ditto , ditto	r	On the Waft? ditto ditto ditto  ditto •		— i 6		6  — I 6

4^° GEORGII III. Cap. 154.

3029

Schedule I.—continued.

Now or lare in the re-  fpeflivc Tenures or Occupations of the undermentioned Pcrfons, or their Under-Tenants or AffiiQS.	Defcription.		Rent.	Valuation.
Barrow	-upon Soar—Cottage Reni	s—continued.	£ t. d.	£ s. d.,
Johnfonj John	Cottage *	On the Wafts •	- !-	- . -
Litherland, Tohn	ditto *	ditto		6		6
Lockwood, William	ditto	ditto		
Lockwood, W lliam	ditto	ditto - a		
Lockwood, Hen foil	ditto	ditto		
Lockwood, Thomas -	ditto	ditto		
Mann, John	ditto	ditto	— I 6	— 1 6
Mee, Thomas	ditto	ditto		
Matthews, John	ditto	ditto		
Middleton, Edward	ditto	ditto	— * —	— I —
Pick, John	ditto	ditto -	- , -	- > -
Raven, Wi'.Ham	ditto	ditto	-	- 1 -.
91eath, William	ditto	ditto «	- I -	- * -
Thorpe, Widow	ditto	ditto	— 1 —	— 1 —
Webb, Thomas	ditto	ditto	— a —	—. x
Wintetton, Daniel	ditto	ditto	— 6 —	— 6 —
Woodcock, Elizabeth -	ditto	ditto		
Woollen, William	ditto	ditto	1	1
			5 15 6	5 15 6

BARROW-UPON-SOAR.----CHIEF RENTS.

w,i"-	R»t.	Valuation.
	£ j. d. — 3 9	£ * d.
		8  - 7 3i		8  - 7 3i ~ a 4
I	— » 5 	a*	~ 1 it
"		'lb  — a 6*	—	4*  -	at
	— 6 8  	11*  “ 1 5	— 6 8  	11*  — 1 5
		5 h  — 6 8£	- ~6 li
	III " ill 1	mi " 111 1

menr'tuned Pci Ion

r their Unde,-Tenants or Atlignj

Beaumont, Storer Beaumont, Thomas Beaumont, John Beaumont, Thomas Biddle, John Bradfhnw, Thomas Bramhy Bradfhaw, John Bradfhaw, Thomas Brotherhood, Francis Bowley, John Beaumont, Thomas

Conftable, the Artillery Compofitio: Clarke, Hamlet Chefter, Thomas Cumberland, J. and R. Peat Chamberlain, Mr.

Chapman, D. and W.

Clarke, Widow

PufTty, John Perry, Jofliua Dewicn, Thomas

Eafton, Reverend Mr.

33 T

[Lee. Es" Per.']

303°

4-8° GEORGII HI. Cap. 154.

Schedule I.—continued.

			
Now or late in the refpedlive Tenures or Occupations of the undermentioned Perfons, or their Under-Tenants or AlTigns.		Rent.	Valuation.
Barrow-upon-Soar—Chief Rents—continued.		£ s. d.	£ s. d.
Forman, Sufan Farnliam, Edward Fifher, Mr.		•— 3i		ii
	.	“ 3 4	— 3 4
Haddon,John -Headborough, the common Fine - *			4	— 5 —
Limbert, John Limbert, Widow	"	— — 3		3
Meynell, Mrs. Meaiures, Thomas Meaiures, Elizabeth Meynell, Hugo Mann, Samuel	: :	— 3 “ 	6			 6  	7i  	3
Ofwln, Mr. Oliver, Mr.		-1-		3
Patchett, Mr. Perkins, Sir Thomas Frefcle, Mr.  I- rieftly, William		“ 1 1 -  I	““ 1  II	11		8  	3
Stone, Mr. Squires, Mr. Smith, Widow Simpkin., William Squires, Thomas Stone, Mr.	; ‘		1  —	1 6  —	7 10  —	s ii		3  	6  —	1 6  —	7 10 ~ 3
Tanay, James Thompfon, E. Thompfon, George	_ * y	•	7  - 4 4i	— 4 45
Van, Mr..	v ■	- . a§	- » »§
Whitehead, William - -Wright, Mrs.  White, F. • Winter; on, W l'iara -Winterton, Dau’el -Wyman, William Woodluuife., Cottage and Chief Rents Quomdon, L'Uto *■ ■			6  —	* 7  —	—  — — 6 14 11 si  I 17 1	•“ l  l -- l 1 1 sc 1 1 1 1 1 13-
		si 5 6	si 5 6

	<ja • SM *
Y:tl «T571S!>	'Siam
iD .JlniflfiO	IGwje
-	
	s.Jcfepii  ■iiG.aod
	
	
! CU  - 1, .	‘Sa
- ■	*.
	■W

=r j

13;jq ,aoMt&



48° GEORG II HI. Cap. 154.

3031

Schedule I.—continued.

PARTICULAR and RENTAL of the MELBOURNE ESTATE.

----1808.--

Abney, Edward, Efq.

Carter, William Cantrell, George

Chetwiud, G. and Thomas

Dunnecliffe, Willia

Buiaiccliffe, John Dexter, Robert

Earp, John

Ssisfi*

oSK

Grrtin and Martin e"®thi and others

Hrggms, James H'»pc, John and J Elliot

■"Oty, Henry ^ Knifton, Peter Kioe, Samuel Molt. Jofeph Horton, Jofi-ph

Upper Cockfhoot and Lane J doles -	_	j

Sundry Parcels of Land

Little Wigs - i 1 ij'j B;t from Common o 1 26 ( Reedy Higgs Hook o o 18 ( Part of Great Mead z z 0) Meadow

Allotment in Great Meadow Cottage and Garden, and\ Two Parcels of Land ' Cottage and Garden Cottage and fmall Croft

Cottage and Garden

Farm Houfe and Lands LordsGraund andGreatMead Cottage and Garden, and') privilege oi cutting

Great Meadow Piece Cottage and Garden The Reedy W:ggs Meeting Houle and Yard

TheHc-ns Public Houfeand \ Two Parcels of Land - J Cottage and Garden

Shop and Land -ettage and Qardejx

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

At Will, from Lady-day

J — *7°------

3®3 2

4S0 GEORG 11 III. Cap, 154.

Schedule I.—continued.

48° G E O R G11 III. Cap. 154.

3033

Schedule I.—continued.

PARTICULAR and RENTAL of WHITWICK. --------------1808.-

<y

( I!<r'

II ijl'f 1; li ,1 iS l»

15.'

No* or litf in the refpe&ive Tenures or Occupations of the under mentioned Pc if an', or	Defer ip'ian of PremilVs.	Tenure	Rent.	Vulu.tion
rh«ir Under-Tenants or Atfigu*.				
COITAC	E RENTS.		£ s. d.	£ i. d.
Brooks, Elizabeth	Cottage and Garden	At Will, from Lady-day -		
Bacon, Elizabeth	ditto	ditto		
Bonier, William	ditto			
Brooks, William	Manor Houle	ditto	1		1	
Cooper, Sarah	Cottage	ditto - -		
Eaton, John	ditto	ditto	— 6 —	— 6 —
Eaton, Benjamin	ditto	ditto - -		
Flewe-tt, William 1-	ditto	ditto	_ . -	- 1 -
Griffin, Widow	ditto	ditto	— 10 —	— 10 —
Grifhn, John	ditto	ditto		
Gumley, Robert	ditto	ditto	— 10 —	— 10 —
Hallam, Richard	ditto	• ditto	22 —	a l —
	diito	dtto	— 12 		— 12 —
Hawthorne, Jofeph	d tto	ditto		
How, Hem y	ditto	ditto		
How, Michael	ditto	ditto		 l6 		— 16 —
Howard, Joieph	ditto	d’tto		
Haywood, Humphrey	ditto	ditto		 IO 		— 10 —
Henman, Jollph	ditto	ditto	— a —	— 2 —
Moor, Elizabeth -	ditto - -t	ditto -	— 10 —	— lo —
Parifli, Overfeer.-. of	ditto	ditto	1		I	
'i egg, Thomas	ditto	ditto	2 12 6	2 12 6
Robins, Robert, fenior	ditto	ditto	I IO —	I IO —
Robmfon, John	ditto	ditto	I 10 —	I IO 	
Roe, Mcphens	ditto	dtto	in 6	
Robnifon, Robeit, junior	ditto	ditto	1 10 —	I IO —
		ditto	— 10 -r	— IO 	
Snerwin, John	Tw-oParcels of Land on the ) Forcft - - j	ditto	— 3 —	— 3 —
Thunby, Thomas	Cottage	ditto	— ia —	— 12 —
Ward, Francis	ditto	d«o	— 12 —	— 12 —9
Ward, John	ditto	ditto	— 10 —	— 10 —
Ward, William	ditto	ditto		
Ward, Jane	ditto	ditto		
Wilfon, Thomas	School Houle	ditto		
Wardel, Abraham	Cottage	dtto	— 1 —	— I —
Robins, Robert	Tin Meadows	ditto	18		IS	
			47 10 —	47 10 —
	Cottage and Chief Rents - •			
Hucklefeote	ditto			
Bonington on the Heath Botchefton	ditto		— 167	— 16 7
	ditto			1 4. 6
T hvingftone	- ditto		— 16	— 1 6
Swanmngton  Common Fines paid at Whit	ditto			
	vick Court			
			69 I 1	69 1 1

3°34„

48° GEORGII III. Cap. r-54

Schedule Icontinued.

hu • /. CJDI

PARTICULAR and RENTAL of-STONEY STANTON,

--------------------1808....

Now or late in the refpeftive Tenures or Occupations of the under mentioned Perfons, Or their Under-Tenants orAfligns.

	:iinv.*t 1 JhtQ	■
Defcription of Prtmifes.		Rear.
		

Brown, Widow, Dawfon, Anthony Franks, Thomas Holmes, Thomas Hgxjiqk, John Mummer,. John. Norton, Richard Nortop, Michael Stephens, Thomas Smith, James Tomlinfon, Joha tWilinott, William.

COTTAGE RENTS. Cottage

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditty

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

At Will, frem Lsdy-day -

ditto

ditto1'' -ditto ditto ditto ■ ditto ditto ditto

ditto

ditto	-*

ditto

------6

Bucknall, Thomas Camp, John Lane, John Sharp, John Sharp, Hannah Wagg, William - -

Land

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

SINFEN MOOR.

At Will, from Lady-day ditto

ditto	,

ditto

ditto

ditto

MARKFIELD.

Sundry Cottage Rents and Chief Rents, amounting to

4B° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 154.

Schedule I.—continued.

"3035

RECAPITULATION.

—			r—S-4-r-	' - IW ^	  ESTATES.	Quantity.	-•	Valuation.
LOUGHBOROUGH, including: Hal hern, IToten otherwife"! Hoton, Mountlorrel, Barrowupon-Soar, Quorndon, Wood- > thorpe, Burton-on-the-Woulds, and Frainlaud Hundred -J	I»I58 i 3	£ s. d. 4,782 ix 6	£■ a. d. 5.453 16 —
CHIEF RENTS, LoughborOuch - -	: -	' 13 4 .7. ..	, , <8 >Ai 7
COTTAGE RENTS, Barrow -	-	5 ,s. 6	.if 'I ‘
CHIEF REN rS and Coltage Rents, Barrow, Woodhoufe, and ) Quorndon - - - -j		. : “Afv	11 s 6
MELBOURNE -	923 2 29	I >417 15 5	1,4:8 Is 5
WHITWICK - -		69 1 1	69 I T“
STONEY STANTON - ...	-	2 3 10	* 3 i°
SINFEN MOOR		50	r	50	
MARKFIELD - -		482	482
	2,082 1 32	6,366 5 7	7,078 IO I
Deduflions.—  <£ 3, d.  Loughborough, Land Tax - - 9* 5 10 Loughborough, Fee Farm Rent, to! ^ 6 Richard Scott - -j 5 .  Land l ax allowed - - ao 16 1  	95 0 5  Framland Hundred, Fee Farm Rent - xa 18 5 Land Tax allowed - - a 5 10			
Whitwick Fee Farm Rent, to Sir Wil- 1 .  liarn Dolben - - •] 7 5 Land Tax allowed - - 15a  	6 0 3{  Melbourne Fee Farm Rent, to Mrs.") k Finch - - ■] 59 5 31 Land Tax allowed - - tin 4  	 4J 13 11*  Melbourne Land Tax - - > 36 15 6			
Total of thefe Dedudtions - - 285 8 7		18J 8 7	285 8 7
			
Total Quantity, Net Rental, and Net Annual Value Deduft lntcreft on Mortgage for <£10,000	2,082 1 3*	6,080 13 O 500 		6,793 1 6 5°° — —
Net Annual Rent and Value, after deducting Intereftl ^ on Mortgage - - - - J		5.5^0 13 0	6,293 1 6

John Claridges T. Ill/ley.

480 GEORGII III. Cap.rs^

3036

/>,■'.	,	u

The Second SCHEDULE to which this Adt refers.

t	|	.‘c.**«

PARTICULARS of Eftates in the Manor, Lordlhip, or Barony of LOUDOUN, in the County of Ayr, in Scotland, including and comprizing the Cattle of' Loudoun and the Demefne or Policy thereto belonging.	arc

48° GEORG!I III. Cap. 154,

3037.

Schedule II.—continued.

						of Lcafcs.
Name* of Farms and Tenements.						
		Meafure Scotch.	Annual Rent.	Annual Value.	r  Martinmas	'I  Whitfunday
					Amble Lands.	Houfei aud Grafs.
		A. ». P.	£ S. d.	£ 3. d.		
Reddon	John Mafon	68 a a]	25		136		1813	18 r+
Alton Moorhoufe	Gavin Lindfay	3*9 * 39	35		163		1813	1814
Whniiggs -	Alexander Mitchell -	xao a ao	*5 10 -	.87 14 —,	1813	1814
Moor Common to Whatrigga - J	Alexander Mitchell, &c.	141 % a	- -	54 IX —	1813	1814
Woodhead	Thomas Aiton	157 3 39	155		400		1808	1809
Ha„'g Inclofurc	William Smith	7 3 30	10		27 10 —	1813	1814
Clfcarmount	James Paton	*J — 3*	87 ia -	201		1814	1815
Weft Newton	William Wardrope -	88 3 a	80 4 —	I71 II —	1814	1815
Raft Newton	James Wallace	1.8 a 7	8s —	195 5 —	1816	1817
Doftors Parks	James Mafon	6 3 a8	JO		23 18 —	1816	1817
Inn and Office's at \ Newmilns - /	ditto	-	■		1816	1817
Waterfide	James Fram	5* ■ 3J5	100 14 —	23a		1818	1819
Lands adjoining to \	Inhabitants of Darvel	a«5 i 33}	307 18 4§	S68		{!«	-
Mayfield and Gilfoot	The Rev. Archibald Laurie	38 , SI	51		113 6 —	at Mr. La	rie’s Death,
Patronage of the Parifh	f Loudoun, value £ 360.					
Feu Duties, payable annually from the Baronies of Loudoun and Raithmuir		.	5* 3 9	5* 3 9	Perpetual.	
Feu Duties, payable annually from Village of Darvel - -			48 10 8«	48 10 8jf	Perpetual.	
Free Sum ariling annually from the fales of Wood upon the aforefaid Eftate			400		4oo		_
Free Sum arifing annually from the fales of Lime upon the atorefeid Eftate			300		300 			-
	f equal to -	A,on 3 36	4,973 4 >F	8,04a — 5 5"		
1. Englifh -		S> °97 3 —				

X»,it

douasik



34 J

\Lac. Stf Per.']

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 154.

303*

Schedule II.—continued.

	Mcafurc Scotch.	Annual Rent.	A.inu.1 Rent.
	4*OIX 3 3*-		8,04z 0
All the Tublic Burthens (except the Minifters Stipend) on the Eftates let to Tenants and comprized in this Second Schedule, are borne by the Tenants, and the Value of the Kftates iii Hand is calculated fo as to allow for the payment pf the Public Burthens, over and above this Valuation.			
The Minifters Stipend on thefe Eftates is per Annum, but is fubjetft") to Augmentation - - - J	- - • -		«-r
	4,0x1 3 36		
Quantity, Net Annual Rental and Net Annual Value	5,097 3 —		7,94a —

John Hamilton, Surveyor.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strah.in, Printers to the' King’s moft Excellent Majefty. i So8.

Cap. 155:

An Act for vetting an Eftate called Killingworth Farm., in the County of Northumberland, (being an Eftate devifed by the Will of 'Ihomas Bonner Efquire, deceafed) in Truftees, to be fold for the Payment of Legacies, and for laying out the Refidue of the Money, in the Purchafe of other Eftates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes.

[2d July 1808.]

WHEREAS Thomas Bonner late of High Callerton, in the County Will of

of 'Northumberland, Efquire, deceafed, by his laft Will and Bonnes Teftament in Writing, bearing Date the Fourteenth Day of recited* “June One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, duly executed and ■attefted ; after giving Directions refpeCting his Funeral, gave to his eldeft:

Son Robert Bonner Warwick (he being otherwife fufficiently provided for) the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, on Condition that he kept the Tefta-tor indemnified againfl: the Payment of Seven hundred Pounds, for which the Teflator became his Surety by Bond to the late Mr. Snow Clayton*

■and not otherwife; and alfo gave to his Daughter Ifabella Lojh, whom he Rated to have received her Portion, Twenty Guineas; alfo he gave to his Daughter Sarah Bonner, the Sum of Twelve hundred Pounds, and to his Daughter Ann Bonner, the Sum of Twelve hundred Pounds, to be paid to them refpeclivelv within Six Months after his Deceafe, with In-[tx.&Ptr.]	34 B	tereft

3042

4&’ GEORG 11 III, Cap. 155.

tereft at Four per Centum; and,gave to hi? Daughter Maria Grace Bonner, the Sum of Twelve hundred Pounds, to be paid at her Age of Twenty-one Years or Day of Marriage^ with Iqtereft in the mean Time from the Te/tator’s Death at Four Pounds'pcr Centum-, and if his faid Daughter- -Maria Grace Bonner fhould die under the age of Twenty-one Years and unmarried, in fuch cafe the faid TeJJator direfled that the faid Legacy of. Twelve hundred Pounds fo given to her fhould veft in and belong to his Daughters Sarah and Anti in equal Proportions; and he gave aqd devifed all his Mefiuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatfoever, fituate, lying, and being in the Counties of Northumberland and Durham, to William Darnell, of NewcaJlle-upon-Tyne, Merchant, and Robert Raytie, of the fame Place, Gentleman, (who is fince decetffed) their Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns, for the Term of One thoufand Years, to be computed from the faid Teftator’s Death, without Impeachment of Wafte, upon 1'uchTrufts, and for fuch Intents and Purpoles, and fub-je£t to fuch Provifoes as were therein-after exprefled concerning the fame Term, and fubjefl to the faid Term and to the Trufts thereof, the faid Teftator gave and devifed all his faid MelTuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatfoever in the faid Counties of Northumberland and Durham, with their feveral Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, unto and to the Ufe and Behoof of his Son Thomas Bonner and his Afligns during the Term of his natural Life, without Impeachment of Wafte, with Remainder to Thomas Blackett, of Oak Wood Hou/e, in the faid County of Northumberland, Efquire, and Richard Brown, of Wylam, in the faid County, Gentleman, and their Heirs, during the Life of the faid Thomas Bonner, the Son, in Truft to preferve the Contingent Remainders thereinafter limited, but neverthelefs to permit thd faid Thomas Bonner and his Afligns to receive the Rents and Profits thereof during his life, fubjedt to the Provifo thereinafter1 contained, in cafe of his living and refiding in America, and from and after the Deceafe of the faid Thomas Bonner, to the Ufe of the firft. and every other Son of the faid Thomas Bonner the Son, feverally and fucceflively according to Priority of Birth, in Tail Male; Remainder to the Ufe of the fecond and every other younger Son of his the faid Teftator’s Son Robert Bonner Warwick, feverally and fucceflively according to Priority of Birth, in Tail Male; with Remainder to the Teftator’s own right Heirs; and the faid Teftator declared his Will to be, that his faid Eftates were fo devifed to the Ufe of the Secondand other Son and Sons of the faid Robert Bonner Warwick, and the feveral and refpeflive Heirs Male of their refpettive Bodies, in Succeflion as aforefaid,upon Condition that fuch Son and Sons of the faid Robert Bonner Warwick, and the refpeftive Heirs Male of their refpe&ive Bodies, fhould, when they fhould refpe&ively come into or be entitled unto the Poflcflion of his Eftates, take upon, themfelves and continue to ufe the Sirname of Bonner, and no other Sir-name ; and the faid Teftator declared his Will to be that, if it fhould hap-peil that his faid Son Thomas Bonner fhould die without leaving Male Iflue, and before his faid Son Robert Bonner Warwick fhould have a Sen capable of taking his faid Eftates, under and by virtue of his faid Will, then he gave all his faid Mefluages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and the Rents, Jftiies, and Profits thereof, fubjeft as aforefaid, to and for the Ufe of his faid Three Daughters Sarah, Ann, and Maria Grace Bonner, and their Afligns, as Tenants in common, from the Death of his faid Son Thomas, till the Birth of a Son of his faid Son Robert Bonner Warwick, capable of taking the fame under his faid Will, or until the Po -16	fibilit)

48c GEORGII III. Cap. 155.

tibiliiy of the Birth of fuch Son fhould be extinguifhed, with a Provifo, that i.*» cafe Margaret, the Wife of his faid Son Thomas, fhould furvive him, then all his laid Meffiiages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments fhould (land charged with an Annuity of Fifty Pounds to her and her Affigns for her natural Life, payable as therein mentioned ; and the faid deflator declared, that tfie MeftuageS, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premifes lb limited to the faid William Darnell and Robert Rayne, their Executors, Adminiflrators, and Afligns, for the Term of One thou-fand Years, were fo limited to them upon Truft, that they or the Survivor of them, (hould out of the Rents and Profits of the faid MefTuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or by Mortgage thereof, or a competent Part thereof, for all or any Pat of the faid Term of One thoufand Years, raife and pay to his faia Son Robert Bonner Warwick, and the Teftator’s faid Daughters, the feveral Legacies or Sums of Money thereby given to them refpe&ively, with Interefl for the fame as aforefaid; and alfo the feveral other Legacies thereinafter bequeathed, and alfo an Annuity of Fifty Pounds given to his Daughtcr-in-Law Margaret Bonner for her Life, (which Annuity is now determined by her Death); and upon further Truft, that in cafe his faid Son Thomas Bonner fhould at any Time or Times thereafter live and refide in any Part of America, then and in fuch Cafe the faid William Darnell and Robert Rayne, and the Survivor of them, fhould, for and during all fuch Time and Times as the faid Tho-mas Bonner fhould live and refide in America, pay, and apply to and for the Ufe of his faid Three Daughters, and the Survivors, and Survivor of them, all the Rents and Profits of the faid Meffiiages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, comprifed in the faid Term of One thoufand Years, as other wife would have been payable to his faid Son and his Affigns ; and the faid Teftator thereby directed, that as foonas theTrufts of the.faid Term fhould have been performed, then the faid Term, or fo much thereof as fhould remain undifpofed of, fhould ceafe and become voidand the faid Teftator thereby willed and declared, that it fhould be lawful for his faid Son Thomas Bonner, and for fuch other Perions as were thereby made Tenants for Life, being in Pofleffion of the Hereditaments and Premifes limited to them for Life, to make fuch Leafes thereof as therein mentioned y and after giving feveral fmall Legacies, the faid Teftator gave, devifed, and bequeathed all the Reft, Refidue, and Remainder of his Eftate and Effects not thereby otherwife difpofed of, to his Son Thomas Bonner, his Heirs, Executors, Adminiflrators, and Affigns, and appointed him foie Executor of his faid Will: And whereas the faid Teftator Thomas Bonner, on or about the Twenty-fecond Day of November One thoufand feven hundred and niiiety-feven, made a Codicil to his faid Will, but unattefted, whereby he gave and bequeathed unto his faid Three Daughters Sarah Bonner, Ann Bonner, Maria Grace Bonner, Eight hundred Pounds each, in addition to the faid Legacies given them refpec-tively by his faid Will, to be paid to them refpedlively within Six Months after his Deceafe. with lntereft at Four per Centum from the Time of his Death, and direeled that the faid Codicil or Writing fhould be taken and conlidered as Part of his Will: And whereas, the laid Teftator departed this Life in the Month of January One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, without revoking or altering his faid Will and Codicil, which have been duly proved by the faid Thomas Bonner the Son, who entred into Pofleffion and Receipt of the Rents and Profits of the Real Eftates devifed by the faid Teftator as aforefaid, and poflefied himfelf of Perfonal

Efta/.e

3°43

>dic3, 22(3 3V. 1797.

3-44

4§‘ GEORGII III. Cap. 155.

Eftate and Effects: And whereas the faid Robert Rayne departed this Life in the Month of November One-thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix: And whereas the faid Margaret Bonner departed this Life on the Ienth of Augvft One thoufand eight hundred and fix: And whereas the faid Sarah Bonner, Ann Bonner, and Maria Grace Bonner, are all living, and have all attained the Age of Twenty-one Years: And whereas the faid Thomas Bonner the Son intermarried with Margaret Frafer, and hath Ilfue by her, Thomas Bonner, now an Infant of the Age of Eleven Yeate, or thereabouts, . and no other Child: And whereas the faid Robert BcmnerWarwick intermarried with Mary Atkinfon, on or about the Thirteenth Day of February One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, and has lffue by her three Sons, videlicet, Francis his deleft Son, aged Six Years or thereabouts, John his fecond Son, aged about Three Years, and Ralph Maddifon, aged about Two Decree of the Years: And whereas, by a Decree made by the Lord High Chancellor, Court of on the Seventh Day of February One thoufand eight hundred and four, in 7thFcbT8tu a cem!n Caufe depending in the Court of Chancery, wherein the faid 1 '* °+’ Sarah Banner and Maria Grace Bonner were Plaintiffs, and the faid Thomas Bonner the Son and Margaret his Wife and the faid Thomas Bonner, their Infant Son by the faid Thomas Bonner his Father and Guardian, the faid Robert Bonner Warwick, Ann Bonner, and William Darnell, were Defendants (the faid Robert Bonner Warwick the elder Son and Heir at Law' of the Teftator Thomas Bonner by his Anfwer admitting the Will of the faid Teftator) it was declared, that the fame ought to be eftablifhed, and the Trufts thereof performed and carried into Execution ; and the fame was decreed accordingly ; and it was ordered, that it ftiould be referred to Mafter Simeon, one of the Mafters of the faid Court, to take an Account of the Perfonal Eftate of the faid Teftator, not fpecifically bequeathed, come to the Hands of the faid Thomas Bonner, his foie Executor ; and it was further ordered, that the Mafter fhould take an Account of the faid Teftator’s Debts, Funeral Expences, and Legacies, and enquire whether the Sum of Seven hundred Pounds, for which the faid Teftator became bound as Surety for his Son Robert Bonner Warwick, was paid ; and it was ordered, that the faid Teftator’s Perfonal Eftate, not fpecifically bequeathed, ftiould be applied in Payment of his Debts and Funeral Expences, and then in Payment of the Legacies given by the Codicil of the faid Teftator; and it was further ordered, that the faid Mafter fhould enquire what Real Eftates, in the Counties of Northumberland and Durham, the faid Teftator was feized of at the Time of making his faid Will: And whereas the faid Mafter, by his Report made in the laid Caufe on the Sixteenth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fix, certified (amongft other Things) that he found that the faid Bond given by the faid Teftator as Surety for his Son, had been fatisfiedby his faid Son in the Life-time of his Father, and that the faid Teftator, at the Time of making his Will, and at the Time of his Death, was feized of feveral Real Eftates in the Counties of Northumberland and Durham, fet forth in the Fourth Schedule to fuch Report: And whereas, by an Order made by the Lord Chancellor on the Twenty-feventh Day of February One thoufand eight hundred and feven, in the faid Caufe, it was declared, that the Legacies given by the Codicil of the faid Teftator were not well charged on his Real Eftates, that the faid Robert Bonner Warwick vtas entitled to be paid his Legacy of Five hundred Pounds fo given to him by the Will of the faid Teftator, and that the Cofts of all Parties to this Suit ftiould be taxed, and that the Mafter ftiould afeertain what Part thereof ought to be paid '■	out

3® 45

4 8° G % O R fr' If III. Cup, 1 tyy ,

put of the Perfpnai Efc*te, giid w.hai; Part put of- the Real Eftattj -of thfc laid. JcttatQr, at id put of .the-Susa of Two*ihoui'and two hundred and forty-fix Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Eight-pence, Calh in the Bank} pUc.c.d to tire Grcdltofthe laid Ciuife, and that what fliould be reported due to the feveral Legatees, giyeadjy the laid Teflator's Will, in refpeEi of their Legacies and L.ntur.ciis, or to-much thereof as his Perfunal Eft ate Would R9.t fatisfy* and id much.of .the Coils of the faid Suit as are to be paid out of the Real Eftates of. the Avid deflator, fliould be railed by Mortgage pr Sale of the Ellates coiKpriaed in the faid Term of One thoufand Years: And whereas the i'zidT/ionuis Benner the Son, on the Sixth Day of February One thopfand .qgl^jiundTed and feven, paid the faid Sum of Two thou land two hundred aad-forty-fix Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Eight-pence, being the fail Sum reported due from him on Account of the Pcjfonal Eflate of the faid Teftator Thomas Bonner, into the Bank, to the Credit of the Caufe: And whereas the Legacies given by the Codicil of the faid Teftator amount to Two thoufand four hundred Pounds, which the Balance fo paid in by the faid Thomas Bonner the Son was infufficient to cover and fatisfy, fo that the Whole of the Legacies due to the feveral Legatees under the laid Teflator's Will, and which are more particularly fetforth in theThird Schedule to this A& annexed, and amounting to. Four thoufand one hundred and eighty-four Pounds One Shilling, remained to be:railed by Mortgage or Sale,of the Lftates comprized in the faid Term of One thoufand Years, limited by the faid Teflator’s Will: And whereas the Sum necefiary for the l^fcharge of the faid Legacies j^iven by the faid Will cannot be. railed either by Mortgage of the faid devifed Hereditaments, or any Part tiiereof,. or by the Sale,of the fame, or of any Part thereof for the, faid Term of One thoufand Years, in fo advantageous a Manner as by jSale of a fuftkient Part thereof in Fee: And whereas, a certain Mefluage, Tenement, and Farm, called Kii/w^vorm farm, fituate in the Parifh of Long Benton, in the faid County ot% Northumberland, and Part of the Real Eftates. fet forth in the Fourth Schedule fp. the .faid Mailer's Repeat, and alfo in the Firft Schedule' to this Aft annexed, lies detached, and at a eonfiderable Diftance from the Refidue pf the faid devifed Eftates,. and is alfo the fmalleft of fucli Eflates equal to the Payment of the Legacies given by the faid Will, and is therefore die Eflate bell adapted to be fold for the Purpofes of the faid Wiil; and it would- be more advantageous to all Perfons interefbed under the fakj that the Fee-fimple thereof fhould b£ fold, tlian that the fame flip ill cf be fold for any Term of Years.: And whereas the faid Eflate called Killtng'wortb Fann would produce by fitch Sale of the Fee-fimple thereof, more Money than would be fuflicient for the Payment of the faid Legacies fo given by the faid. Will, as aforefaid; and: the bite reft and Cells mentioned in, the above recited Orders : And' whereas-the faid Thomas Bonner claims to be fei^ed. in Fee-fimple of certain Freehold 3£ftate& fituate in the Townfhips of CoUier/y and Kyo, in the faid County of Durham* and now in the Pc.fleffion of the laid Thomas Bonner containing By Eflimation Three hundred and feventy-feur Acres or thereabouts, and ippre particularly deferibed and fet forth in the Second Schedule to this A£t, certain Parts whereof are cor tig up ns to and convenient to be occupied with the Eftates devifed by the faid Will of the faid deflator5; and it.would be. -very advantageous, to the Perfons intarelled under the-faid Will, in the faid devifed Eflates, if the AVholev of the faid Eflate called Killbgw.orth Farm, were fold* and-if, after paying out of the Money

IU.	& Per.l	“34	C	’	produced

3946

Premife* veftcd in Truft«e«.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 155.

produced by fuch Sale, the feveral Legacies charged upon the, faid devifed Eftates, and making fuch other Payments as ought to be made out of the Purchafe Money of the faid ERate, by Virtue of the faid recited Decree and Orders, the Refidue or Surplus of fuch Purchafe Monev were laid out in the Purchafe of fo much or fuch Part or Parts of the faid Freehold Eftates, fituated at Collierly and Kyo (whereof the faid Thomas Bonner fo claims to be feized in Fee-fimple as aforefaid), as is or are equal in Value to fuch Refidue, the faid Thomas Bonr.er being willing to convey the fame at a fair Price, and if fuch Part or Parts of the faid Freehold Eftates, fo to be purchafed with fuch Refidue or Surplus as aforefaid, were conveyed to, for, and upon the fubfifling Ufes and Trufts of the faid Will: And whereas in the faid Caufe herein-before mentioned to be depending in the laid Court of Chancery, the faid Tkombi Bonner, on the Twenty-fecond Day of February One thoufand eight hundred and eight, preferred his Petition to the Right Honourable the Matter of the Rolls, praying that it might be referred to the Matter, to whom the faid Caufe flood referred, to enquire whether it would or not be for the Advantage of the Infant in that Caufe to obtain an Act of Parliament for effectuating the Purpofes above-mentioned : And whereas, by an Order made at the Rolls, by the Right Honourable the Mailer of the Rolls, in the fame Caufe, bearing Date the Twenty-fifth Day of February One thoufand eight hundred and eight, upon the faid Petition of the faid Thomas Bonner being heard, it was ordered that it fhould be referred to the faid Matter, to enquire and Rate to the Court whether it would be for the Benefit of the Defendant, the Infant, that an Application fhould be made to Parliament for an A£t to fell the faid Eftate called the Killingworth Farm, in Fee, and after Payment of the Legacies charged upon the faid deviled Eftates, and the Payments which ought to be made out of the Purchafe Money of the faid Eftate, by virtue of the faid Decree, to lay out the Refidue of the Money to arife by the faid Sale in the Purchafe of fuch Part or Parts of the faid Freehold Eftates in the Petition mentioned, fituate at Collierly and Kyo, whereof the faid Thomas Bonner was feized as therein mentioned, as was or were equal in Value to the fame, to be conveyed to and upon the fubfifting Ufes and Trufts in the faid Will of the faid Thomas Bonner deceafed ; and it was thereby ordered that the faid Matter fhould Rate the Refult of the faid Enquiry, with his Opinion thereon, to the Court: And whereas, in purfuance of the faid laft-mentioned Order, the faid Matter made his Report, bearing Date the Twenty-ninth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eight, wherein, after Rating that he had con-fidered the fame, he certified his Opinion to be that it would be for the Benefit of the faid Defendant, the Infant, that an Application fhould be made to Parliament, for an Act to effectuate the Purpofes in the faid Petition mentioned: Wherefore Your MajeRy’s moR dutiful and loyal Subjects, the faid Ihomas Bonner, on Behalf of himfelf and his faid Infant Son Thomas Bonner, molt humbly befeech Your MajeRy that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s moR Excellent MajeRy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thisprefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all that the faid Meffuage, Tenement, and Farm, called Killingworth Farm, fituated in (he Parifh of Long Benton, in the faid County of Northumberland, heretofore in the Tenure or Occupation of Michael, Charlton, and now of Roger Brown, containing by ERimation One hundred and eighty-fi* Acre?, be the feme “lhore or lefs, more par-...	ticularly

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 155.	3047

ticularly defcribed and fet forth in the Firft Schedule to this A&y together with all Ways, Paths, Paffages, Watercourfes, Yards, Gardens, Orchards, Barns, Stables, Edifices, Buildings, Outhoufes,' Pastures, Commons, Common of Failure, Woods, Underwoods, Eafe-ments, Profits, Commodities, Advantages, and Appurtenances what-foever, to the faid , Meffuage, or Tenement, Hereditaments and Prc-mifes, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof belonging or in any wife appertaining, or with the iame, or any Part thereof, held, ufed, occupied or enjoyed, or accepted, reputed, deemed, taken, or kno wn as Part, Parcel, or Member thereofand the Reverfion and Reverftdns,

Remainder and Remainders, Rents, Kfucs, and Profits thereof, and of every Part and Parcel thereof, fhall, from and after the palling of this Ad, be veiled in, and the fame are hereby from thenceforth vetted in Wi'llt&h Roberts oi Lincoln’s Jnnr in the County of Midrikfex, F.fquire, and John Richards, of Red Lion Square, in the faid County, Gentleman, their Heirs and Affigns for ^ver, freed and abfolutely acquitted, exempted, exonerated, and difcharged of, from, .and againlt all and every the Ufes,

Trufts, Eftates, Limitations, Powers, Provifoes, and Declarations in and by the faid Will of the faid Teftator Thomas Bonner limited, created, exprefied, and declared of and concerning the fame ; but never-thelefs upon the Trufts, and to and for the Ends, Intents, and Purpofes, and fiibjed to the Provifoes and Agreements herein after mentioned, ex-preffed, and declared of and concerning the fame, that is to fay, Upon Truft that they the faid William Roberts and John Richards, or the Survivor of them, of the Heirs or Amgns of fuch Survivor, do and fhall with all convenient Speed abfolutely make Sale and difpofe of the faid Meffuage, Tenement, and Farm, called KiUingwortb Farm, with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, either together or in Lots, unto any Perion or Perfons whomfoever, and by Public Auction or by Private Contract, for the beft Price or Prices, and for the moft Money which can be reafonably obtained for the fame; and upon Payment by fuch Purchafer or Purchafers of his, her, or their Purchafe-Money or Monies into the Bank of England, as hereinafter-mentioned, do and fhall, at the Cofts and Charges of fuch Purchafer or Purchafers, his, her, or their Heirs; Executors, or Adminif-trators, convey and affure the faid Meffuage, Tenement, and Farm, called Killingworth Farm, with the Appurtenances hereby''fo veiled in them the laid William Roberts and John Richards, their Heirs and Afligns a« aforefaid, unto and for the Ufe of fuch Purchafer or Purchafers, his, her, or their Heirs and Affigns for ever ; or to fuch Ufes upon fuch Trufts, and in fuch Manner as he or they (hall dired, abfolutely freed and difcharged as herein-before mentioned.

II.	And be it further enabled. That the Money to arife by the Sale of Monies to all or any Part or Parts of the faid Meffuage, Tenement, and Farm, to be arife by the fold in purfuance of this Ad, fhall be paid into the Bank of England in Sale to be paid the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and placed to his Account there, “ ex-parte the Pur- countant Ge-chafer or Purchafers of Part of'the devifed Eftates of Thomas Bonner de- neral’sName, ceafed,” purfuant to the Method prescribed by the Ad of the Twelfth Year ai?.d V3.b^aP‘ of the Reign of King George the Firft, Chapter the Thirty-fecond, and the J,entofLega-General Orders of the faid Court; and without Fee or Reward, according ciesandtoit*, to the Ad of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Ring	the	Second,

Chapter

3048

Refidue to be laid out in the Purchafe of other Land9, and fettled to the fubfifting Ufe«;of the Eftates fo fold.

48* GEORGII III. <7^.155-

Chapter Twenty-four, and as foon as conveniently may be, after the Money to arifeby fuch Sale or Sales .as aforefaid lhall have been to paid into tiie Bank of England as aforefaid, the fame .(hall, under the Direction of the laid Court, in the hrft Place be applied in or towards Payment to the faid feveral Legatees, under the faid Will of the laid Thomas Bonner deceafed, of their feveral Legacies charged by his faid Will on the faid devifed Eftates as aforefaid, and more particularly fet forth in the faid Third Schedule to this Aft annexed, and all Intereft: (if any) due upon or for .the fame, or any of them ; and then in Payment of all Colls under the Orders of the faid Court, heretofore made in the faid Caufe or to be made from Time to Time, and alfo of the Cofts incurred and to be incurred in and about the obtaining and palling of this Aft, and by making fuch Sale or Sales, and other Applications to the faid Court in purfuance thereof as herein direfted, and upon a Petition to the faid Court of Chancery to be prefented in a fummary way by the Perfon or Perfons who for the Time being lhall be entitled under or by virtue of the faid Will or of this Aft-to the Rents and Profits of the faid Farm and other Hereditaments to be fold as aforefaid, if fuch Perfon or perfons lhall be of full Age, but if not, then by his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, the Refidue or Surplus of the Money to arife by the Sale or Sales to be made in purfuance of this Aft, lhall, in fuch Manner as the faid Court of Chancery may think fit to direft, be laid out in the Purchale of fo much and fuch Part or Parts of the faid Freehold Eftates fitiiate a$ Collierly and Kyo as aforefaid, and comprized in the faid Second Schedule to this Aft annexed, as lhall be deemed by the faid Court adequate in Amount to fuch Refidue, or otherwife in the Purchafe of any Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Fee Simple, in PolTellion, free from Incumbrances.(except Fee Farm, Chief, or Quit Rents) and to be lituate in England ; and the Hereditaments fo to be purchafed as aforefaid lhall as foon as may be after luch Purchafe thereof, be conveyed, fettled and allured, to theUfes upon and for the Trulls, Intents, and Purpofes, and with, under, and fubjeft to the Powers, Provifoes, and Declarations,' which, under and by virtue of the faid recited Will of the faid Thomas Bonner deceafed, were, previoufly to the palling of this Aft, fubfifting or capable of taking effeft of or in the laid Farm and other Hereditaments hereby veiled in the faid William Roberts and John Richards, and their Heirs, or to, upon, for, with, under and fubjeft to fuch, or fo many of the fame Ufes, Trulls, Intents, Purpofes, Powers, Provifoes, and Limitations, as lhall be then fubfifting and capable of taking Effeft ; and in the mean Time until fuch Surplus of the Money to be j paid into the Bank as aforefaid fhall be ordered to be paid or applied by the faid Court of Chancery as aforefaid, the fame lhall, by the Direction of the faid Court, be laid out in the Purchafe of Navy or Viftualling Bills; or Exchequer Bills and the Intereft arifing from the Money l'o laid out in the faid Navy, Viftualling, or Exchequer Bills, and the Money received for the lame, as they lhall be refpectively paid off by Go* vernment, lhall be laid out in the Name of the faid Accountant-General in the Purchafe of other Navy, Viftualling, of Exchequer Bills ; and all the faid Navy, Viftualling, of Exchequer Bills lhall be depofited in the Bank of England\ in the Name of the faid Accountant General, and lha'1 there remain until a Purchafe or Purchafes lhall be found and approve! as herein-before direfted for the Inveftment thereof, and until the fame lhall, under the Direftion of the laid Court of Chancery, be ordered by 2	the

48° GEORGII III. Gtf.isi.

3049

the faid Court to be fold by the faid Accountant General, for the completing of fuch Purchafe orPurchafes; and if the Money to arife by the Sale of fuch Bills exceed the Amount of the original Purchafe Money, fo to be laid out in the Purchafe of Navy or Victualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills, as aforefaid, then aiid in fuch cafe only, the Surplus which lhall remain, after difcharging all Colts and Expences to be incurred by Application to be made to the faid Court in anywife relating to the Premifes, lhall be paid to fuch Perfon or Perfons refpedively, his, her, or theirExecu-tors, Adminillrators, or Afligns, as would have been entitled to receive the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments to bepurchafed as aforefaid, in cafe the fame had been purchafed purfuant to this A61.

III.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enaCted, That the Certifi- Cert^cateof cate or Certificates of the faid Accountant General, together with the an*

Receipt or Receipts of any One of the Calhiers of the Bank of England, &c. a good to be annexed thereto, and therewith filed in the Regilter Office of the Difcharge t<* faid Court of Chancery, of the Payment into the Bank of all or any Part Purcliafers* of the Money to arife by the Sale of the faid Farm and Hereditaments hereby direClcd to befold as aforefaid, of his, her, or their Purchafe Money,

lhall be a good Difcharge or good Difcharges for fuch Sums of Money as in fuch Certificates or Receipts refpedively fhall be expreffed to have been paid or received, and that fuch Purchafer or Purchafers, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Adminiflrators, or Afligns, fhall not afterwards be anfwerable or accountable for any Lofs, Mifapplication, or Non-application of fuch Purchafe Money, or any Part thereof

IV.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enaCted, That it fhall be Power for the lawful for the faid Court of Chancery from Time to Time to make fuch Court of Orders as the faid Court fhall think proper for taxing or fettling all Colls Cha"c»rYto under the Orders of the faid Court, heretofore made or to be made in taxCo *' the faid Caufe, and all the Colls and Expences to be incurred by foliating

and obtaining this Ad, and by making the feveral Applications to be made to the faid Court in puvfuance thereof, and by making and completing the Sales of the faid Farm and other Hereditaments hereby made faleable as aforefaid, and by inveiling all or any of the Monies which, in purfu-ance of this Ad, lhall be paid into the Bank of England as aforefaid, in . the Purchafe or Sale of Navy, Victualling, or Exchequer Bills, or in the Purchafe of Lands and Hereditaments, according to the Directions hereinbefore given, or otherwife by carrying the Trulls and Purpofes of this Ad into Effed, and alfo for the Payment of all fuch Colts and Expences as to the faid Court lhall feem fit, out of the Monies to arife by any Sale or Sales to be made in purfuance of this Ad.

V.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enaded, That in the mean Till Sale of Time, and until fuch Sale ®r Sales as aforefaid lhall be made of the faid Premifes Farm and other Hereditaments hereby veiled in Trull to be fold as afore- Rcn.!tobe faid, the faid William Roberts and John Richards, and the Survivor of ptrfons them, and the Heirs of fuch Survivor, lhall permit and fuffer the tied.

Rents and Profits of the fame Farm and other Hereditaments to be received by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to

have received fuch Rents and Profits if this Ad had not been made.

[Loc. & Per.]

34

Vf. Provided

3^5®

Truflees onf aafwerable ft

Aas.°wn

General

Evidence.

4$° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 155.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enabled by the Authority afore* Paid, That the faid William Roberts and John Richards, or either of them’ their or either of their Heirs, Executors, Adminiflrators, or Afligns, fhall not be anfwerable or accountable the one for the other, or for the Ads, Receipts, Neglects, or Defaults of the other, but each of them for him-felf and his own Ads, Receipts, Negle&s, and Defaults only.

VII.	Saving always to the King’s mofl Excellent Majefty, His Heirs and Succeflors, and to all and every other Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, Adminiflrators, and Succeflors, (other than and except the faid Thomas Bonner and his Infant Son, the faid Thomas Bonner, and his Iflue, and the Second and other younger Sons of the faid Robert Bonner Warwick and their Iflue) and all other Perfons claiming any Eftate or Intereft in the faid Mefluage, Tenement, and Farm, called Killingworth Farm, under the faid Will of the faid Thomas Bonner deceafed, all fuch Eftate, Right, Title, and Intereft, of, in, to, or out of the faid Hereditaments and Premifes, fo hereby veiled in Trull as aforefaid, as they refpe&ively had before the palling of this Act, or would, could, or might have had, in cafe the fame had not been made: Provided always neverthclefs, that nothing in this A£t contained fhall extend, or be deemed or conflrued to extend, to prevent the Legatees under the Will of the faid Thomas Bonner, or any of them, from proceeding in the faid Court of Chancery, or profecuting any other legal Means for compelling a Mortgage or Sale of the Hereditaments comprifed in the faid Term of One thoufand Years (other than the faid Mefluage, Tenement, and Farm, called Killingworth Farm) to be made according to the Directions of the faid Will, for raifing and paying their faid feveral Legacies, together with all Intereft and Cofts which fhall or may be due or payable for the fame, or in refpect thereof.

VIII.	And be it further enacted. That this Act fhall be printed by the Printer to the King’s moll Excellent Majefty, and a Copy thereof fo printed fhall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Juftices, and others.

Th«

48*GEORGII III. Cap. 155,	3051

Vtdfc TpHocbuA (6 ta.&xaip nrfjint n ••. . ih-- ** lyj- .a- I

tm3riJloi9ri3ij)	to	'■■	A h:«- : I •. "! (btt

mu .3tT^A.'to> jiriituK /• u> >:. . !i v.<	fibril

The Firft SCHEDULE.

Of the Eftate called Killingworth Farm, referred to in the foregoing A£t.

A MefTuage.	A.	R. P.
i Back Clofe • :	7	I 36
1 Garden and Stack-yard •	0	2 24
3 Ridges	7	2 12
4 Bank Head > ■	14	1 7
5 Long Bank Foot *	*7	0 22
6 Middle Bank «	20	3 16
7 Eaft Bank ° >	14	3 0
8 Low Hathery Nook «	7	3 ^
g High Hathery Nook *	9	0 5
10 Low Rulhey Reins	10	1 24
11 High Ruihy Reins	io	0 20
12 North Moor Field	16	3 20
13 Eaft Moor Field	16	1 *5
14 Middle Moor Field	17	0 0
15 Weft Moor Field «	16	018

i85 i 25

The annual Rent of the above Eftate is eftimated at £275. a Year,

JOHN FRYER.

The

3°5*

+8* G E OR G11 III. Cap. i $$• The SECOND SCHEDULE.

Of the Freehold Lands in Collierlv and ICyo, referred to in the foregoing Act.

IN COLLIERLV.

1	South Field

2	Eaft Horne Field

3	Calf Clofe

4	Houles’ and Stack-yard

5	Part of Weft Horne Field

6	Part of Barn Field.	•

7	Part of Eaft Hdfne Field

IN KYO. •

8	Part of Horne Field

g Part of Barn Field	•

10	Part of Weft Horne Field

11	Weft Park itt Eaft Park

13	Part of South Burn-field .

14	Part of North Burn-field.

A. R. P.

48	0	0

36 O 18

3	3 20 1 o 6

32 1 18 1	2 34

ii 3 26 ----------145	I	2

17 3 o 43 2 8

8 o 28 70	1 10

60 3 30 24	2	8

4	1 16

----------22$	2	id

Total 374 3	22

The annual Rent of the above Eftate is eftimated at £ 29 j. a Year.

JOHN FRYER:

The THIRD SCHEDULE.

Of the Legacies referred to in the foregoing Act, and charged upon the Real Eftates devifed by the Will of the Lid Thomas Bonner.

To Robert Bonner Warwick	£  50 0	O	d.  O
Ifabella Lofh -	21	O	O
Sarah Bonner	1,200	O	O
Ann Bonner •	1,200	O	O
Maria Grace Bonner	1,200	O	O
William Darnell •	21	O	O
Robert Rayne •	21	O	O
Mathew Charlton •	IO	O	O
Prudence Rain m	IO	O	O
Elizabeth Wood ?	1	1	O

4,184	1	o

I have carefully examined the above Schedule with the faid Will.

JOHN RICHARDS.

LONDON: Primed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty. 1808.



ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

******************************^****H|HMH****<^*S^***#*

Cap. 156.

An Ad for veiling in Samuel Robert Gauffen of North Mimms in the County of Hertford, Efquire, a Mef-fuage and Farm with the Appurtenances in North Mimms aforefaid; and for applying the Money to arife thereby in the Purchafe of other Ellates to be fettled to the fame Ufes as the Ellate fold.

[2d July 1808.]

'W IT 7HEREAS by Indenture of Feoffment with Livery of Seizin \f\j indorfed, bearing Date on or about the Twentieth Day of ▼ ▼ Ma*cb One thoufand fix hundred and twenty-two, and made between Hugh Mafcall, Thomas Curtys, and Henry Loft, of the one Part, and Valentine Dey.rowe Gentleman, and Twenty-two other Perfons therein mmed, ail Parifhione-s and Inhabitants of the Parifh of Enjield in the County of Middlefex, of the other Part; the faid Hugh Mafcall, Thomas Curtys, and Henry Loft, did grant and enfeoff unto the faid Valentine Defer owe and the laid leveral other Perfons and their Heirs, all that Farm-houfe, Mtffuage, or Tenement and all thole Lands and Grounds lying in fundry Ciofes with the Appurtenances called or known by the Name of Marches- and Devizes, containing together by Eltimation Thirty Acres (more or lei's) fituate, lying and being in N^rth Mimms aforefaid, then lately pur chafed ot IVilliam Roberts Dodlor of Divinity ; to hold the fame unto and to the Ule of the faid Val.ntine Deycrciue and the faiddcveral other [Lee. & ferh]	34 F	Perfons,

3058

48°GEORGlI HI. Cap. 156.

Perfons, their Heirs and Affigns for ever, to and for the only Ufe, Benefit, and Behoof of the Town and Parilh of Enfield aforefaid, in, tor, and under the Limitations and Provifions therein and hereinafter exprtffed *nd declared of and concerning the fame; that is ro fay, upon Ttuft that they thefaid Hugh Mafcall, Thomas Curtys, Henry Loft, Valentine Deycrowe, and other the Co-feoffees and the Survivor and Survivors of them and their Heirs from Time to Time always and for ever thereafter the next Sabbath Day after their or any of their Receipt of the Rents, Iffues or Profits of the Premfes preLntly after Divine Service or Sermon ended, fhould fignify and give Notice of a Veftry to meet in the Afternoon of the fame Day ; and then and there that fame Afternoon they fhould bring the faid Rent and Money out of and for the Farm of the faid Premiles fo by them or any of them received, to the Intent that by the Confent of the Veftry there affem-bled, the faid Rent or Money might be difpofed and beftowed according as the greateft Number of Perfons at the faid Vyftry aflembled for the Time being fhould confent and agree, fo that it fhould be to and for any general Ufe that did concern the faid Town and Parifti of Enfield, or Poor there, or otherwife to be laid up and referved in the Storc-houfe Cheft, that it might be in a Readinefs at any Time as often and whenfoeverOcca* fion fhould ferve and require to difpofe of the fame to and for the Ulcs aforefaid; and it was thereby confented, agreed and concluded by and between all the faid Parties thereto, that the faid Feoffees fhould not grant, demife, or let the faid Premifes or any Parc thereof bv Demife, Leaie, or any other Ways whatfoever to exceed the Number of Twenty-one Years, nor fhould do any other Act, Thing or Things vvhatloever in or about or concerning the Premifes, or dilpofe of the Rents or Profits thereof and thereout arifing, coming, growing, or to be made without the fpecial Confent of a Veftry or of the major Part thereof thereunto firft had and obtained ; and it was thereby further confented, agreed, and concluded by and between all the faid Parries thereto, that no Pe fOn or Perfons which fhould be a Feoffee cf the faid Mcfiuage, Tenement, and Premifes, or any Part thereof, fhould be made or admitted Tenant, Farmer, or Leffee of or to the faid Tenement and Premifes or any Part thereof in any wife during the Time that he or they fhould b= Feoffee or Feoffees thereof j and it was further confented, concluded, and agreed by and between all the faid Parties thereto, that no Perlon or Pcrlons that then were Feoffee or Fe> ffees, or that thereafter fhouldi be a Fetffee or Feoffees of the faid Premifts, Ihould intermeddle to receive the Rents or Profits, or fhould deai of, in, or with the fame or any Part thereof any longer than while and during fuch Time as he or they fhould dwell or inhabit, and be abiding within the laid Town and Parilh of Enfield, but that upon reafonable Requeft, and at the Cofts and Charges ot the laid other Feoffees or fome of them within Three Months next after his or their Remove or Departure to dwell out of the laid Panfh of Enfield, fhould remife, releafe, and quit claim or otherwife in due Form of Law grant and convey all his, their, and every of their Eftate, Right, Title, Interelt, Claim and Demand of, in and to the faid Meffuage or Tenement, Lands, Grounds, and Premifes unto him or them granted or conveyed by thole Prefents unto a 1 the Refidue of the furviving Feoffees which fhould then be Jiving and inhabiting within the faid Town and Parilh of Enfield* to the only Ufts, Intents and Purpofes aforefaid; and the fuither Intent and Meaning cf thofe Prefents and of all the Parties to the fame were, that when the faid Hugh Mafcall, Thomas Curtys, Henry Left, Valentine Deycrowe, Henry Hunfdon the younger and Henry Hunfdon the

elder,.

3059

4.8* GEORG 11 III. Cap.itf.

cHfer* Elifeui Wybard, ar.d the Refi iue of the Parties to thofe Prefents fhould be all icoeaftd or departed and be gone to dwell out of the faid Parish of Enfield, except Six, Five, or Four of them at the lead, that then the faid Six, Five, or Four ot them fo furviving and inhabiting within the faid Parifh of Enfold, within One Quarter of a Year then after, upon reafonablc Requelt, and at the commonCofts and Charges of the faid Town and Parifh of Enfield, fhould make, feal, and deliver one other Deed of Feoffment indented unto Ten other Perfons at the leaft of difcreet and fubftantial wealthy Men there dwelling and inhabiting within the faid Pa-rifh of Enfield, io be elefled, nominated, and chofcn by a Veftry as is above-faid, the laid Vtftry to be held upon public Warning and Notice on the Sabbath Day in the Church prcfently after Divine Service or Sermon ended; and they the faid S x, Five, or Four Perfons furviving in and by the faid Deed of Feoffment indented, the faid other Ten Perfons or nv re fhuuld eifeoff of aid in the faid Mefluage, Land, and Prcmifes with the Appurtenance?, and fhould execute the fame, with Livery and Seizin or otherwife, in due Form of Law fufficiencly to pafs, convey, and fettle the Eftate and Inheritance in Fee Simple of the faid Meffuage or Tenement, Lands and Premifcs, in them the faid Ten Perfons or more and their Heirs in fuch like Manner and Form, and to the like Intents and Purpofes in all Refpetts as are before in thofe Prefents exprcflVd and fpccified and upon the like Declarations; and that the laid other Ten or more Perfons to whom the faid Deed of Feoffment fhould be made, fhould likewile from Time to Time forever obferve, perfonn, and fulfil all Inrents, Uies, and Purpofcs in, touching, for, out of or concerning the Premifes, according to the Limitations and Provifions contained in thofe Prefents ; and laftly, to the Intent that a certain lettled and good Order might from Time to Time and always thereafter beo’oferved and kept in and about the receiving of the Rents, IfLies, Profits and Revenue of ihe Premifes, as the fame fhould grow due to be levied and received; it is confented, concluded, and agreed by and between all the Parties to thofe Prelenrs, that the Two firft nom nated Petfons in thofe Prefents, or the Survivor of them refpectively, for ihe Firft and prefent Year, fhould collcfl, gaihcr, receive, and be Receiver and Receivers of the Rents, Ifiiie*, Profits, and Revenue of the Premifes for and in the Names of the other Panics to thofe Preltncs, and fo afterwards from Year ro Year luccefiivelv during their Lives, all and every the faid Perfons, Parties to tho<e Prefents, by Two and Two every Year in order and cou. fe iccceffivelv as it fhould come and fall to their Turns, or the Survivor of the faid Two Perfons fhould Yearly collefl, gather, receive, and be'Receiver and Receivers of the Rents, Iffues, Profits, and Revenues of the Premifes; and the Sabbsth Day nrxc following after their, any and every of their laid Collection and Receipt thereof, to give Notice or Warning fora Vtftry to be held in the Afternoon, and then that fame Sibfa h Day ta pay the lame Rent, Revenue, and Profits of the Premifes, and deliver the lame over in Manner and Form as in and by thofe Prefents before therein are and is mentioned, appointed, and declared: And whereas by The faid virtue cf Mefne Conveyarces and other Affurances in the Law,	h®**

the faid Farm and Hereditaments comprized in the faid recited othlr pair denture of Feoffment are now become veiled in William Beckett, riihicncr^ Thomas Hill, Williatft Baker Naylor, Jofepb Ur (nun, Abraham Wilkinfon,

Jofiepb Welch, Newell Connop and Richard Gough, all Parifhioners and Inhabitants of theParifh of Enfield aforefaid, their Heirs and Affigns inTruft

as

3°6o

Leafe of 1805 expired.

Veftry of Enfield Parifti, October 1805.

OfFerstoVeftry to purchafe tticfcid Eftate.

Appl cati n cf the R-nts of the ia dEttate.

Propofed Sale o' the f id Eftate tor t ,5001.

48° GEORGII III. Cap'. 156-

as aforefaid: And whereas the laft Leafe granted of the ft me Eftate which expired at Michaelmas One thoufand eight hundred and five was to a Mr. Phillips at the Yearly Rent of Eighteen Pounds E'ghtecn Shillings only : And whereas a Veftry for the faid Parifti of Enfield was held on the Seventeenth Day of Ottobcr One thoufand eight hundred and five, when it was refolved that the faid Eftate (hould be let on Leafe for Twenty-one Years .from Michaelmas then laft, the Tenant to expend One hundred and fifty Pounds at leaft in fubftancial Repairs, towards which Fifty Pounds Ihould be allowed by the Parifti; and Direftions were given for publdhing Advertifements for receiving Propofals which were complied with, and at a Veftry held for the faid Parifh on the Thirty-firft Day of Ottober One thoufand eight hundred and five, feveral Tenders were prelented, none of which exceeded Thirty-fix Pounds, as the Annual Rent for the faid Eftate, and the faid Parifti to repair the Premifes: And whereas an Offer was alfo made at the fame Veftry to purchafe the faid Eftate, which the Veftry confidered as highly advantageous, and the wh-;le Bufinefs was therefore referred to the Confideration of the next Veftry, which was held on the Seventh Day of November following, when the Minutes of the laft Veftry for letting the faid Eftate were refeinded, and a Contract was made for felling the Eftate to Samuel Robert Gaujftn of North Mimms aforefaid Enquire for One thoufand five hundred Founds; and an Agreement was accordingly on that Day entered into between Henry Savoyer the Veftry Clerk of the faid Parifti of Enfield, on Behalf of the Truftces of the faid Eftate of the one Part, and Jofepb Scrace of North Mimms aforefaid on Behalf of the faid Samuel Robert Gaujfen of the other Parr, whereby it was agreed that the faid Truftets (hould make out a good Title and by good and fufficient Conveyances in the Law convey and allure unto the faid Samuel Robert GauJJ'en and his Heirs all that the faid Farm and Hereditaments comprized in the faid recited Indenture of Fecffment wi h the Appurtenances•, and that ihe faid Samuel Robert Gauf-Ihould receive all the Rents, Hides, and Profits thereof from the Twenty-ninth Day of September then laft, in Confideration w! ereof the faid Jofepb Scrace did thereby agree that the faid Samuel Robert Gaujfen (hould pay unto the laid Truftees the Sum cf One thoufand five hundred Pounds on executing fuHi Conveyances as aforefaid: And whereas the Rents and Profits of the faid Eftate are now and for fome Time have been applied towards paying the Salarits to the Schoolmafter and Ufhers of the Free School cf Enfield: And whereas it would be highly advantageous to the faid Parifti If the laid Agreement was carried into EftVtt and the faid Elhte vt-fted in the faid Samuel Robert Gavjfen in Fee Simple freed and dilcharged of the Ufcs and Trufts of the Lid recited Indemure of Feoffni mt, and the la d Sum of One thoufand five hundred Pounds was paid in Manner bcrcir-after mentioned, and laid out in the Purchafe of other Eftates to be fettled to the lame Ufts: but inafinuch as the faid icvcral Purpofe-. cannot be cfte&ed without the Aid and Authority of P.ir.imient, Wherefoie Your Majcfty’s n oft dutiful and loyal Subjects the laid William Beckett, Thomas Hill, William Baler Naylor, Jofepb Br tun, Abra-ham Wilkinforiy Jofepb Welch, NiwellGcnnop and Richard Gough, on Behalf of ihrm.'eWes and the Reft of the Paiiftiioners of the Lid Parilh, do molt humbly befeech Your Majefty that it may be enacted; a-nd be it enabled by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confect of the Lords Sp r.nul and Temporal, and Commons, in this, prefenc

Parliament

48”GEORGII III. Cap. 156.	3061

Parliament a fie mb led, and by the Authority of the famr, That from and Empowering immediately after the laid Sum of One thoufand five hundred Pound? of TruiT lawful Money of Great Britain fhall be paid by him the laid Samuel Robert Mate. Gaujfen, his Heirs, Executors, or Adminiftrators, into the Bank of England in the Manner hereinafter mentioned, and after fjch Receipt fhall be given as herein-after is ditefted to be given fur the lame, all that Mcfluage,

Farm-houfe, Barns, Stables, Cow-hoof ■, Lands, Heteditaments, and Pre* mifes fituate at North Minims aforefaid, and more particularly mentioned and delcnbed in the Schec.ule to this Aft annexed, together vvidi their and every of their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, and the Revcrfion and Rcverfions, Remainder and Remainders, Rents, Ilfties, and Profits thereof, fhall be and become abfolutely verted in and ferried upon the Laid Samuel Robert Gaujfen, his Heirs and Affigns, to the only proper Ufe and Behoof of him the laid Samuel Robert Gaujfnn, his Heirs and Aifigns, for ever freed and abfohrcly ififcharged of and from all and .every the Dies,

Trufts. E Hates, Powers, Provifions, Declarations. ar,d Agreements in and by the faid recited Indenture of Feuffmmt of the I'wentieth Day of March One thoufand fix hundred and twentyrtwo, expreffed, declared, and contained of and concerning the fame,

II.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Samuel Robert Gaujfen, his puvxt,alb Heirs, Executors, or Adminiftrators, fhall pay the laid Sum of One thou- Money to be fand five hundred Pounds into the Bank of England in the Name and fhe°Bank.ia with the Privity of rhe Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, ex parte {he Purchafer or Purchafers of theTruft Eftate called Marches and Devizes, in the Parilh

of North Mimtns in the County of Hertford, belonging to the Parilh of Enfield in the Councy of Middlefex, purluant to the Method preferibed by the Aft of the Twelfch Year of the Reign of King George the Firfl,

Chapter Thirty-fecond, and the General Orders of the faid Court, and without Fee or Reward according to the Aft of the Twelfth Year of King George the Second, Chapter Twency-four, and the Certificate or Certificates of the faid Accountant General of the High Courc of Chancery, of the Payment of the faid Sum of One thoufand five hundred Pounds, together with the Receipt or Receipts of one of the Cafhiers of the Bank to be thereto annexed, and therewith filed in the Regifter Office of the faid Court of Chancery, fhall be a fufikient Releaie and Difcharge for the Money fo paid into the Bank as aforeLid, and the faid Samuel Robert Gaufen, his Heirs, Executors, or Adminiftrators fhall not afterwards be obliged to fee to the Application of fitch Money or any Part thereof.

III.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Sum of One thoufand five Application of hundred Pounds fo paid into the Bank of England as aforefaid, fhall be |^^cha!e laid out and inverted under the Direction and with the Approbation of

the High Court of Chancery, to be fignified upon an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way by the faid Truftees, or the Tiuflec or Truflees for the Time being, in the Purchafe of other Mcf-Juages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, fituate in England^ Wales, and the Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments loco be purchafed fhall thereupon with ail convenient Speed becpnveyedandfettledto anfitothe life of fuchTiuflees or tfieTruftee orTruilees for the l ime being and .their Heirs and Aifigos, to be by them held upon the feveral Trufts, and to and for the feveral Ends, Intents, and Purpdes mentioned, expreffed, and £Loc. & Per.2	34	G	declared

3062

Intereft and Ule thereof.

CoQs to be

UX:d.

General

Saving.

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 156.

declared of and concerning the Hereditaments and Premifes comprized itfi the faid recited Indenture of Feoffment from the Sale whereof the Money veiled in fuch Purchafe or Purchafcs arofe.

IV.	And be it further enabled. That the faid Sum of One thoufand five hundred Pounds fo d’re&cd to be paid into the Bank of England as aforefaid, or fo much thereof as (hall not be ordered by the faid Court of Chancery to be applied for the payment of Colts and Expences according to the Provifions herein-after contained, ihall in the mean Time and until the faid Monies (hall be inverted in a Purchafe or Purchafes as afcrdaid by Order of the faid Court of Chancery, upon a Pet tion to be prefeircd in a fummary Way by or on the Behalf of fuch Truftees orTruftee for the Time being, be inverted by the faid Accountant General in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities in his Name ex parte thePurchakr or Purchafcrs of the Truft Eftate called Marches and Devizes, in the Parifh of North Mimms in the County of Hertford, belonging to the Parifh of Enfieldm the County of Middlefex; and in the mean Time and until fuch Bank Annuities fhall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for thePurpofcs aforefaid, the Dividends or Annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced B«rtk Annuities fhall from Time to Time be paid by the faid Accountant General to fuch Truftee or Truftees for the Time being as aforefaid, or any One of them, and by them, or him, applied and difpofed of in fuch and the fame Manner in all Kefpe&s as the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments and Premifes by Sale whereof the Money inverted in fuch Annuities arofe, were or ought to have been applied if this A61 had not been made.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That it lhall and may be lawful for the High Court of Chancery from Time to Time, to make fuch an Order as that Court fhall think fit, for taxing all Cofts, Charges, and Expences v.hich lhall have been incurred preparatory to, and in loliciting and applying for and obtaining and paffing this Ad, and in making the feveral Applications to the faid Court of Chancery in purfuance hereof, and in making and completing the Sale of the Hereditaments hereby made faleable, and in verting all or any of the Monies which under this A6t fhall be paid into the Bank of England in the Purchafe of Lands and Hereditaments according to the Directions herein contained, or otherwife in carrying the Trufts and Purposes of this Ad into Execution; and alfo from Time to Time to make an Order, if to the lame Court it fhall feem fit, for Payment of all fuch Cofts, Charges, and Expences as aforefaid, out of the Money fo to be paid into the Bank as aforefaid, or out of the Money arifing by Sale of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed as aforefaid.

VI.	Saving always to the King's moft Excellent Majt fly, his Heirs and Succeflbrs, and to all and every other Perfon and Perfons, BodiesPolitic and Corporate, and their refpedive Heirs, Succeffors, Executors and Adminif-trati-rs (other than and except the laid feveral Truftees, their Heirs and Afligns, and all and every other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever claiming or to claim any Eftate, Right, Title, or Intereft of, in, or to the faid Hereditaments and Premifes hereby direded to be verted in the faid Samuel Robert Gauffen, his Heirs and Affigns as aforefaid, or any Part thereof, under or by virtue of the faid recited Indenture of Feoffment, or any Deed granted fub-

fequent

48' GEO RGII III. Cap. 156.

fequent to, and in purfuance thereof) all fuch Eft ate, Right,Title, I itereft, Claim, and Demand of, in, to, or out of the faid H reditaments and Prc-mifes hereby dire&cd to be veiled in the faid Samuel Robert GauJ/ett, his Heirs and Afiigns as aforefaid, or any Part thereof, as they, or any of them had before the making this Ad, orcbuld, orjnight have had, held or enjoyed, in cafe the fame had not been made. ^

VII.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad {hall be printed by the Printer to the King’s rr.oft Excel lent Majefty, and a Copy thereof fo printed fhall be taken as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Juftices, and others.

The SCHEDULE to which the foregoing ACT refers.

Defcription of the Eftate.	Name of Occupier.	Quantity.
A MdTuage, with Barn, Stables,'		
Out-houfes, and feveral Pieces or Parcels of Arable and Mea-		
dow or Pafture Land, called Marches and Devizes, fituate in	. Samuel Robert Gaujfen •	30 i 16
the Parifh of North Mimms, in the County of Hertford - -		

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty. 1808.

I I! :	j	0	*8^

“	-«*-**#.	t!i-

.





i	«	-i	:	>

VV

..

CI 1 Cf



,a, •' ;-.ts

'Kta. •lit*'., )







.. Y-1 J

f

. >»	•	...	.	i.



ANNO QUADR'AGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*************************************************** #*

Cap. 157.

An Acl to prevent the Right of Prefentation to the Rtdtory and Parilh Church of Simonbum., in the County of Northumberland, from lapfing, for a limited Time.	[4th	July	1808.]

WHEREAS the Reftoryand Parilh of Simonburn, in the County Rectory of of Northumberland, and Diocefe of Durham, is very extenlive, and it is expedient that the fame fhould be divided, and that feveral new and diltindt Rectories and Parifhes Ihou'.d be erected within-and taken out of the fame, and .fhould be feparated from the faid Rectory and Parilh by known Limits and Boundaries, and fhould be refpec-tively provided with Parilh Churches, Church Yards, Parfonage Houles, and Glebe Lands, and a fufficient Maintenance, by Tithes or otherwife, for the Re&ors of the fame refpe&ively : And whereas, under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majelty, intituled, sht Act for vefling certain Efiates now i$G. 3. held in Trvjl for the Benefit of the Royal Hofpital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the Comviffioners and Governors of the faid Hofpital, incorporated by His Majefifs Letters Patent, the faid Commiffioners and Governors are perpetual Patrons of the faid Rectory, and the Reverend James Scott Doctor in Divinity is the prefent Incumbent thereof: And whereas the faid Rectory is of the Annual Value of Three thoufand Pounds or thereabouts; and fhould the fame be divided as aforefaid, would be of great Benefit to the Parifh, and would be capable of affording ample Provifion for feveral Chaplains in the Royal Navy, as a Reward for long and [Loc. Iff Per ]	34	H	meritorious

3066	48°	GEORGI1	III.	Cap.	157.

meritorious Profeflional Services : And whereas the faid Commiflioners and Governors are defirous of carrying into Effeft the above-mentioned Purpofes refpefting the faid Reftory and Parifh of Simonburn$ and in order thereto it is necefiary that the Right of Prefentation fiiould, during a limited Time, be prevented from lapfing: May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflem-Right of Prc- bled, and by the Authority of the fame. That during the Term of Two tolajlefora	Years from the palling of this Aft, no Right	of Prefentation	to the faid

limited Time.	R eft or y and Pari fh Church of Simonburn, or	to the endowed	Chapel	of

Faljlone in the Parifh aforefaid, by Lapfe or	otherwife, fhall	accrue	to

the Ordinary, Metropolitan, or the King’s Majefty, or any	Perfon	or

■ Perfons whatfoever.

Commiflion- II. Provided always, That in the Event of the Death, Cedion, or other minate^to'the Avoidance of the prefent Curate of Faljlone aforefaid, during the Incum-Curacy ofFal- bency of the faid James Scott, and during the faid Term of Two Years, it thTincum?	be	lawful	for	the	faid	Commiflioners	and	Governors,	with	the	Con-

bency of Mr. fent of the faid James Scott fignified to them under his Hand and Seal, to Scott*	nominate	an	officiating	Curate to the faid Chapel during the Remainder

of the faid Term of Two Years.

Officiating III. Provided alfo. That in the Event of the Death, Ceflion, or Avoid-norninated by ance °f the faid James Scott during the faid Term of Two Years, the Commh&on. officiating Gurates who fhall be appointed by the Ordinary (hall be fo ap-*iS’	pointed,	upon	the	Nomination	of the faid Commiflioners and Governors

of Greenwich Hofpital, in cafe they (hall nominate fit and proper Perfons for that Purpofe.

Ail not to be valid without the Confent of the Arch-biftiop of York.

IV. Provided always, and be it enafted, That this Aft (hall not be good, valid, or effectual, without the Confent of the Archbifhop of York for the Time being, thereto fignified by Writing under his Hand and Seal to the Lord* High Chancellor of Great Britain ; and fuch Confent, fo fignified, fhall be binding upon the faid Archbifhop and his SucceflTors, and fuGh Writing fhall be inrolled in the High Court of Chancery.

Public Aa. v. And be it further enafted. That this Aft fhall be deemed and taken to be a Public Aft, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Printers to the King’s moft

Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Excellent Majefty. 1808.