A

COLLECTION

OF THE

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED,

PASSED IN THE

Forty-eighth Year

OF THE REIGN OF HIS MAJESTY

KING GEORGE the THIRD:

Being the SECOND SESSION of the FOURTH PARLIAMENT of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

LONDON:

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's mod Excellent Majefty.

*9oS,

1

TABLE

or

All the STATUTES pafled in the SECOND Sellion of the FOURTH Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

48° GEO. III.

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.,

I.	An Act for regulating the iffuing and paying off of Exchequer Bills. 3

II.	An Ad for continuing to His Majefty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar,

Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain and on Penfions and Offices in England; and for repealing fo much of certain Ads as relate to certain Duties of Sixpence and One Shilling refpedively on Offices and Penfions ; and for regranting the faid Duties of Sixpence and One Shilling refpedively, and the faid other Duties, for the Service of the Year One thoul'anu eight hundred and eight.	9

III.	An Ad for empowering the Governor and Company of the Bank of

England to advance the Sum of Three Millions, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and eight.	37

IV.	An Ad to authorize the advancing, for the Public Service, upon certain

Conditions, a Proportion of the Balance remaining in the Bank of England for Payment of Unclaimed Dividends, Annuities, and Lottery Prizes; and for regulating the Allowances to be paid for the Management of the National Debt.	41

V.	An Ad for repealing an Ad made in the Forty-feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An Act for fufpending the Operation of an Act cf the Thirty.

Jixth Year of His prefent Majefty, for the further Support and Maintenance of Curates -within the Church of England, and for other Purpof’s in the faid Ad mentioned, fo far as relates to the Avoidance of Benefices by the Incumbents thereof having accepted augmented Curacies.	45

VI.	An Aft to continue, until the End of this Seffion of Parliament, feveral

Ads for carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, between His Majefty and the United States of America.	49

A 2	VII.	An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

Til. An Act for railing the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thoufand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Ye2r One thou* fand eight hundred and eight.	53

VIII. An Aft to amend an Act of the Twenty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty, for better regulating the Office of the Treafurer of His Majefty’s Navy. 57

IX.	An Aft for aboliffiing the Office of Surveyor of Subfidies and Petty Cuf-

toms in the Port of London.	61

X.	An Act to amend fo much of an Act; made in the Forty-fixth Year of His

prefent Majefty, for granting certain Duties on Spirits made in Scotland, as relates to delivering up the Licences granted for diddling Spirits in the Lowlands of Scotland, and for better preventing private Diftillation.	6^5

XI.	An Aft for permitting the Importation of Goods from the Portuguefe Territories on the Continent of South America, in Portuguefe Ships.	69

XII.	An Aft to amend and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One

thoufand eight hundred and nine, fo much of an Aft of the Forty-feventh Ycar of His prefent Majefty as allows certain Bounues on Britijh Plantation Raw Sugar exported.	73

XIII.	An Aft for fettling and fecuring a certain Annuity on Vifcount Lake, and the Two next Perfons to whom the Title of Vifcount Lake fhall defeend, in Confideration of the eminent Services of the late General Vifcount Lake. 77

XIV.	An Aft for the Regulation of His Majefty’s Royal Marine Forces while

on Shore.	81

XV.	An Aft for puniffiing Mutiny and Defcrtion; and for the better Pay*

ment of the Army and their Quarters.	109

XVI.	An Aft for further continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March

One thoufand eight hundred and nine, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain ; and for fufpending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar when the Duties impofed by an Aft of the laft Seffion of Parliament fhall be fufpended.	1C1

XVII.	A11 Aft to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thou-

fand eight huundred and nine, certain Arts for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, and allowing Britijh Plantation Sugar to be warehoufed in Ireland ; and for warehoufing in Ireland Rum or Spirits of the Britijh Sugar Plantations.	165

XVIII.	An Aft for amending and further continuing an Aft made in the-

Thirty-eighth Year of His prefent Majefty, for regulating the Payment of the Duties on Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace.	169

XIX.	An Aft to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand

eight hundred and ten, an Aft made in the Forty-fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, for permitting the Importation of Malts, Yards, Bowfprits, and Timber, for Naval Purpofes, from the Britijh Colonies in North America, Duty free.	173

XX.	An Aft to continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and ten, feveral Laws relating to the Encouragement of the the Greenland Whale Fifficries ; to the Admiflion to Entry in Great Britain of Oil and Blubber of Newfoundland taken by His Majefty’s Subjefts carrying on the Filhery from and refiding in the fail! Bland ; and to the allowinr the Importation of Filh from Newfoundland and the Coaft of Labrador, 177

r	8	XXL	Ait

[Public General) 48" GEO. III.

XXI.	An Adi to empower th- Comm iffi oners appointed for diftributing the

(VIoney paid by the Ignited States of America, to withdraw the fame from the Bank, and inveft it in Exchequer Bills.	181

XXII.	An Adi for malting perpetual feveral Laws relating to permitting the

Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from Great Britain to the Britijh Sugar Colonies in the IVeJl India ; the Importation of Salt from Europe into Quebec in America; and the prohibiting of Foreign-wrought Silks and Velvets.	i8j

XXIII.	An Adi to continue feveral Laws relating to the granting a Bounty on

the Importation into Great Britain of Hemp, and rough and undrefled Flax, from His Majefty's Colonies in America ; and to the more effedtually encouraging the Manufacture of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and ten ; and for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of Britijh and Irijh Linens exported from Great Britain, and taking off the Duties on Importation into Great Britain, of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eleven.	189

XXIV.	An Adi for further continuing, until Three Months after the Ratifica-

tion of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an Adi made in the Forty-fourth Year of His prefent Majefty, for permitting the Importation into Great Britain, of Hides and other Articles in Foreign Ships.	193

XXV.	An Adi for further continuing until the Tvyenty-fifth Day of July One

thoufand eight hundred and nine, an Adi made in the Thirty-third Year of His prefent Majefty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.	197

XXVI.	An Adi for granting to His Majefty, until the End of the next Seffion

of Parliament, Duties of Cuftoms on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated, in furtherance of the Provifions of certain Orders in Council.	201

XXVII.	An Adi to continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thou-

fand eight hundred and nine, an Adi of the Forty-firll Year of His prefent Majefty, for prohibiting the Exporradon from Ireland, and for permitting the Importation into Ireland, Duty free, of Corn and other Provifions.	225

XXVIII.	An Adi for grandng to His Majefty, until the End of the next Seffion

of Parliament, certain Duties on the Exportation from Ireland of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated.	229

XXIX.	An Adi to prohibit, undl the End of the next Seffion of Parliament,

the Exportation of Jefuits Bark and Cotton Wool from Ireland.	245

XXX.	An Adi to amend an Adi made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the

Thirty-third Year of His prefent Majelty, for regulating the Trade of Ireland to and from the Eajl Indies.	"	249

XXXI.	An Adi to extend the Provifions of an Adi, made in the Forty-fifth

Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, for preventing the counterfeiting of certain Silver Tokens to certain other Tokens which may be iflued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and to promote the Circu-latiou of the faid laft mentioned Tokens.	253

B	XXXJI. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

LVIII. An Ad for amending the Law with regard to the Courfe of Proceeding on Indidments and informations in the Court of King’s Bench in certain Cafes; for authorizing the Execution in Scotland of certain Warrants’ ilTued for Offences committed in England; and for requiring Officers taking Bai! in the KingJs Suit to affign the Bail Bonds to the King.	4/3

LIX. An Ad for enabling His Majefty to fettle an Annuity on Her Royal Highntfs the Ducheis of Brunfwick WolfenbUttel.	477

LX. An Ad for repealing an Ad palled in the Firfl Year of King James the Firfl, intituled, An Ail concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and other Artifcers occupying the cutting of Leather ; and alfo for repealing and amending certain Parts of feveral other Ads of Parliament relating thereto. 481

LX I. An Ad to continue until the End of the next Seflion of Parliament, an Ad of the Forty-fifth Year of His prefent Majeffy, for appointing Commii-lioners to enquire into the Public ; Expenditure and the Condud of the Public Buftnefs in the Military Departments therein mentioned.	489

LXII. An Ad for the making perpetual feveral Ads for the better Colledion and Security of the Revenues of C.uffoms and Excife in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein ; and to make further Provifion for the Security of the faid Revenues, and for the Execution of the feveral Ads relating thereto.	493-

LXIII. An Ad to amend an Ad made in the Forty-fever/.h Year of His prefent Majefly’s Reign for fecuring the Colledion of the Duties on Audions in Ireland.	497

LX IV. An Ad to amend an Ad made in the Forty-fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, for enabling His Majefty to accept the Services of Volunteers from the Militia of Ireland.	501

LXV. An Ad to make more effedual Provifion for the Building and Rebuilding of Churches, Chapels, and Glebe Houfes, and for the Purchafe of Glebe Lands, Glebe Houfes, and Impropriations, in Ireland.	505

LX VI. An Ad for enforcing the Refidence of Spiritual Perfons on their Benefices in Ireland.	513

LX VII. An Ad for granting an additional Duty on Copper imported into Great Britain, until the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, and from thence to the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament. 521

LXV1II. An Ad for extending the Bounty now payable on Pilchards exported to the Weft Indies or Mediterranean to Pilchards exported to any Parts beyond the Seas.	525

LXIX. An Ad to permit, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and ten. Sugar and Coffee to be exported from His Majefly’s Colonies or Plantations to any Port in Europe to the Southward of Cape Finitierre, and Corn to be imported from l'uch Port and from the Coalt of Africa into, the faid Colonies and Plantations.	529

LXX. An Ad to provide that Britijh Ships which fhall be captured by the Enemy, and fhall afterwards become the Property of Britijh Subjeds. lhall not be entitled to the Privilege of Britijh Ships.	537

LXXI. An Ad to amend fo much of Two Ads of this Seflion of Parliament, for carrying into Execution certain Orders in Council, as relates to the Duties 4	on

(Public General) 48* GEO. Ilf.

on Goods exported from the Warehoufes in which they have been fecured on Importation, and on certain Prize Goods imported into Great Britain or Ireland.	541

LXXII. An Aft for the Increafe and Prcfervation of Timber in Dean and New

Forejls.	545

LXXIIL An Act to improve the Land Revenue of the Crown in England, and alfo of His Majedy’s Duchy of Lancajler.	549

LXXIV. An Ad for the better Collection of the Duties on Malt made in Great Britain.	S6J

LXXV. An Aft for providing fuitable Interment in Church-yards or Parochial Burying Grounds in England, for fuch dead Human Bodies as may be call on Shore from the Sea, in cafes of Wreck or otherwife.	577

LXXVI. An Act for railing the Sum of Ten Millions Five hundred thoufand Pounds by way of Annuities.	585

LXXVII. An Aft to enable His Majelty to veil the Right of Appointment of Mailer of the Free School of Londonderry in the City and County of Londonderry, in the Bilhop of Derry for the Time being.	597

LXXVIII. An Aft to grant to His Majelty Duties upon Malt made in Ireland, and upon Spirits made or diddled in Ireland; and to allow certain Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof.	601

LXXIX. An Aft to amend the Two Adts for the collefting of the Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Maltder.	613

LXXX. An Aft to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nine, and to amend, feveral Afts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland; and to grant new Duties on the Importation of Eafi India Sugar and Foreign Spirits ; and to reduce the Duty on Brilijh Plantation Codee imported.	621

LXXXI. An Aft to amend the feveral Acts for the regulating and fecuring the

Collection of the Duty on Spirits diddled in Ireland.	625

LXXXII. An Aft to make perpetual and to amend feveral Adts for the better

regulating the ifluing and granting of Permits and Certificates, for the Conveyance and Proteftion of certain Excifeable Goods in Ireland.	633

LXXXIII. An Aft for railing the Sum of Seven hundred and fifty thoufand Pounds by way of Annuities for the Service of Ireland.	637

LXXXIV. An Aft for amending and rendering more effeftual an Aft, palled in the lad Sefiion of Parliament, to make more effeftual Provifion for the Prevention of Smuggling, and for regulating the Periods for cancelling and delivering up certain Bonds relating to the Revenue of Cudoms.	645

LXXX V. An Act to regulate the Trade between Great Britain and the United States of America until the End of the next Seffion of Parliament. 653

I.XXXVI. An Aft to revive and continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and nine, an Aft of the Thirty-ninth Year of His prefent Majelty, for the more effeftual Encouragement of the Britijb Filheries.	6^7

C	LXXXVII.	An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

LI XXVII. An A6t for repealing the Rates and Taxes taken by licenfed Hackney Coachmen, and for elhiblifliing others in lieu thereof; and for amending feveral Laws relating to Hackney Coaches.	661

I.XXXV1II. An Ad to reltrain the Negotiation of Promiffory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited. Sum in England.	669

LXXXIX. An Act for enabling the Commiflioners appointed to examine Accounts of Public Expenditure in the Barrack Office, more fpeedily and effectually to inveftigate the laid Accounts.	677

XC. An Act to enable the Commiflioners for auditing Public Accounts, and the Commiflioners for the Affairs of Barracks 'rcfpettively, to fend and receive Letters and Packets oa the Bufinefs of their Offices free of Portage.	*	681

XCI. An Aft for enabling the Commiflioners appointed to examine Accounts of Public Expenditures in the Wejl Indies, more fpeedily and effectually to inveftigate	the	faid Accounts.	685

XCII. An Act to repeal fo much of an Act, made in the Forty-feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, for charging the Sum of Twelve millions two hundred thcrufand Pounds, railed for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and feven, upon the Duties of Curtoms and Excife granted to His Majefty, during the Continuance of the prefent War, as relates to Money iffued for Charges of Management of Stock redeemed.	689

XCIII. An Act to repeal fo much of an A3 of the Firrt Year of King James the Firrt, as relates to the Penalties on Shooting at Hares; and alfo to repeal an A3 of the	Third	Year	of King George the Firrt, relating to Game-

keepers.	693

XC.IV. An Aft for repealing fo much of an Aft made in the Parliament of Scotland, in the Fourth Seflion of the Firrt Parliament of Queen Anne, intituled, A cl for preferving the Game, as relates to the Shooting of Hares 697

XC.V. An Aft for continuing, until the Firrt Day of Avguft One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, an Aft of the Forty-fifth Year of His prefent Majefty, for allowing, under certain Reftriftions, the bringing a limited Quantity of Coals, Culm, or Cinders, to London and Wrjlmtrflcr, by Inland Navigation.	701

XCVI. An Aft for the better Care and Maintenance of Lunatics, being Paupers or Criminals in England.	705

XC.VII. An Aft to enable the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, to iffue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of fuch Aids or Supplies as have been or fliall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and eight.	721

XCVIII. An Aft for letting to Farm the Duties on Horfes hired by the Mile or Stage, to be ufed in travelling, and on Horfes hired fora lefs Period of Time than Twenty-eight Days, for drawing Carriages ufed in travelling Port, or other wife, in Great Britain, and for better lecuring the faid Duties. 725

XCIX. An Aft for depofiting Prize Goods liable to Duty in Warehouses under the Care of the Officers ol the Curtoms and Excife, and for reducing Spirits condemned as Prize to a proper Strength, for Home Confumption. 733

1	9	C.	An

[Public General) 48* GEO. III.

C. An Adi for extending the Provifions of an Adi made in the Forty-feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, fo far as refpedis the Payment of Prize Money arifing from Captures made by Foreign in Conjunction with Britijh Ships, to Captures made by the Land Forces of Foreign States in Conjunction with the Britijh.	737

Cl. An Adi for extinguifhing the Right of Way over a Lane or Road leading acrofs the Exercifmg Ground in front of Chatham Lines, and for veiling the Soil thereof in His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeflors.	741

CII. An Adi for appointing Commiftioners for carrying into Execution an Adi of this Sefiion of Parliament, for granting to His Majefty a Duty on Penfions and Offices in England; and an Adi made in the Thirty-eighth Y ear of His prefent Majefty, for granting an Aid to His Majefty by a Land Tax, to be raifedin Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight.	745

CIII. An Ad for further extending the Provifions of feveral Adis, for efta-blilhing the Bank of Ireland; and for empowering the Governor and Company of the faid Bank, to advance the Sum of One million two hundred and fifty thoufand Pounds, Irijh Currency, towards the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and eight.	1045

CIV. An Adi for the better Regulation of Pilots, and of the Pilotage of Ships and Veffels navigating the Bntijh Seas.	1053

CV. An Adlto authorize His Majefty until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and nine, to make Regulations refpedling the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope.	1085

CVT. An Adi to remedy the Inconvenience which has arifen, and may arife, from the Expiration of Adis, before the palling of Adis to continue the fame.	1085

CVn. An Adi to enable the Secretary at War to enforce the making of Returns from Clerks of Subdivifions, and others, in relation to Fines, Half Bounties, and Refidues of Sums due under certain Adis relating to the Defence of the Realm, for the Purpofe of diredling the Diftribution thereof to the Pcrfons entitled thereto.	1093

CVIII. An Act for carrying into complete Execution and Effect certain Provifions contained in an Act palled in the Forty-third Year of His prefent Majefty, for making Compenfation to the Patentee Officers of the Pleas Side of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, as far as relpedtij the Compenfation to John M(Clintock, and William Fojler M'Clintock, EfqUires, Patentee Officers of the Office of Serjeant at Arms of the faid Court of Exchequer.	1097

CIX. An Adi to regulate the Trade between Great Britain and the Portugucfe Territories, on the Continent of South America.	1101

CX. An Adi for the further Encouragement and better Regulation of the Britijh White Herring Fifhery, until the Eirft Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, and from thence to the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament.	1105

CXI. An Adi for enabling His Majefty to cftablilh a permanent Local Militia Force, under certain Rcftridlions, for the Defence of the Realm. 1133

CXII. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

CXII. An Adi for raifing the Sum of Five hundred thouiand Pounds by Treafury Bills for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thouiand eight hundred and eight.	1161

CXI1I. An Act to empower Grand Juries in Ireland, (or Perfons appointed by them), to fell or exchange Ground that has been occupied uy old Court Houfes, Gaols, or County Infirmaries, and the Materials thereon. 1165

CXIV. An Adi for railing the Sum of Six Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thouiand eight hundred and eight.	1169

CXV. An A<ft to grant to His Majefty Countervailing Duties on Spirits imported into Ireland from Scotland; and to allow Equivalent Drawbacks on Spirits exported from Ireland to Scotland.	1 !73

CXVI. An AS for granting to His Majelty Rates of Poftage on the Conveyance of Letters and Packets to and from the Illand of Madeira, and to and from the Portuguefe Territories on the Continent of South America. 1177

CXVII. An Adi for repealing the Duties upon Silks painted and Rained, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.	1181

CXVIII. An Acl to prohibit the Dillillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain, for a limited Time.	*185

CXIX. An Adi for regulating the charging of the Duty on Spirits imported into Great Britain,	according to the Strength thereof.	1189

CXX. An Acl for reducing the Excife Duties on Coffee imported into Great Britain, and for diredling that Coffee and Cocoa warehoufed Ihall be fubjedl to the Regulations of an Adi of the Forty-third Year of His prefent Majefty, for permitting certain Goods imported to be fecured in Warchoufet. 1193

CXXI. An Adi for reducing the Duty of Cuftoms on Coffee imported into Great Britain when taken out of Warehoufe for Home Confumption. 1197

CXXII. An Adi for veiling all Eftates and Property occupied for the Barrack Service in the Commiflioners for the Affairs of Barracks ; and for granting certain Powers to the faid Commiflioners.	1201

CXXIII. An Adi for the Difcharge of Debtors in Execution for Small Debts, from Imprifonment in certain Cafes.	1205

CXXIV. An Adi for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships employed in the Southern Whak Filhery.	1209

CXXV. An Adi to permit the Importation of Rice, Grain, and Flour, from any Foreign Colonies on the Continent of America into certain Ports in the Weft Indies, and to allow certain Articles to be imported from the United States of America into the Briti/h Provinces in North America, for the Pur-pofe of Exportation to the Bntijh Wands in the IVeft Indies.	1213

CXXVI. An Adi to permit Goods fecured in Warehoufes in the Port of London to be removed to the Out-ports for Exportation to any Part of Europe, for empowering His Majefty to diredl that Licences which His Majefty is authorized to grant under llis Sign Manual may be granted by One of the Principal Secretaries of State; and for enabling His Majefty to permit the Exportation of Goods in Veffels of lefs Burthen than are now allowed by Law, during the prefent Hoftilities, and until One Month after the Signature ef the Preliminary Articles of Peace.	12«7

CXXVII. An

7

(Public Genera!) 43" GEO. III.

CAXVII. An Aft to render valid certain Marriages folemnized in certain Churches and Publick Chapels in which Banns had not ufualiy been publifhed before or at the Time of palling an Act made in the Twenty-fixth Year of the Reign of His late Majelty King George the Second, intituled, An Aft for the better preventing of clandejiinc Marricges.	1221

CXXV1II. An Aft to repeal fo much of an Aft, palled in the Forty-fifth Year of His prefent Majelty, for regulating the Office of Paymafler General, as requires certain Accounts to be examined and fettled within certain Periods, by the Secretary at War, and enabling His Majelty to make Orders for examining and fettling fuch Accounts.	1225

CXX1X. An Aft to repeal fo much cf an Aft palled in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled. An Ad to take away the Bcneft of Clergy from certain Offenders for Felony, as takes away the Benefit of Clergy from Perfons dealing privily from the Perfon of another ; and for more er-feftually preventing the Crime of Larceny from the Perfcn.	1229

CXXX. An Aft for preventing the various Frauds and Depredations committed on Merchants, Shipowners, and Underwriters, by Boatmen and others, within the Jurifdiftion of the Cinque Ports ; and alfo for remedying certain Defefts relative to the Adjuilment of Salvage, under a Statute made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majelly Queen Anne.	1233

CXXXI. An Aft for further continuing until the Fir 11 Day of May One thou-fand eight hundred and nine, an Aft of the Forty-third Year of His prefent Majelly, for fufpending Proceedings in Actions and other Proceedings relating to the Woollen Manufacture.	1245

CXXXII. An Aft to extend the Provifions of an Aft, palled in the Forty-fifth Year of His prefent Majelly, for the Encouragement of Seamen and better manning His Majefty’s Navy, to Cafes arifing in confequence of Hollilities commenced ftnee the palling of the Arid Aft.	1249

CXXXIII. An Aft for enlarging the Times appointed for the Firll Meetings of Commiffioners and other Perfons, for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Seffion of Parliament.	1253

CXXXIV.- An Aft to amend the Laws relating to the marking of Bags and Pockets of Hops.	1257

CXXXV. An Aft to amend an Aft made in the Forty-fixth Year of His prefent Majelly for more effeftually carrying into Execution the Purpofes of an Aft made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His Majelly, to give further Time for the Payment, on the Conditions therein mentioned, of Inflalments on certain Loans advanced to the Houle of Alexander Houjton and Company to Charles AJhwel: Efquire, and to William Johnflone Efquire, being Perfons connefted with and trading to the Ifiands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, fo far as relates to the Real and Perfonal Ellates of William Mac Dowall, James Mac Dowall, and Robert Hoyftoun Rae in the Wejl Indies and clfcwhere, except in Scotland.	1261

CXXXV1. An Aft to indemnify all Officers and Perfons who have carried into Execution any of the Provifions of an Aft palfed in the lafl Seffion of Parliament, for completing and increafing the Militia of Great Britain, in relation to the Militia of	the	Tower Hamlets.	1269

CXXXV1I. An Aft to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Aft of the Forty-

fixth Year of'His prefent Majelly, for confolidating and rendering more ef-

D	feftual-

A TABLE of the STATUTES

feftual the feveral Acts for the Purchafe of Buildings and further Improvement of* the Streets and Places near to Weftminjier Hall and the Two Houfes of Parliament.	.	1273

CXXXVIII. An Aft for defining and regulating trie Powers of the Commiffion of Tiends, in augmenting and modifying the Stipends of the Clergy of Scotland.	1281

CXXXIX. An Aft for granting to His Majeffy a Sum of Money to be raifed by Lotteries.	1289

CXL. An Aft for the more effeftual Adminiltration of the Office of a Juftice of the Peace, and for the more effeftual Prevention of Felonies within the Diftrift of Dublin Metropolis.	1313

CXLI. An Aft to amend the Afts relating to the Duties of Affeffed Taxes, and of the Tax upon the Profits of Property, Profeflions, Trades, and Offices, and to regulate the Affeffment and Collection of the fame.	1353

CXLII. An Aft for enabling the Conuniffioners for the Reduftion of the National Debt* to grant Life Annuities.	l373

CXLIII. An Aft to repeal the Stamp Duties on Licences granted by Jultices of the Peace for felling Ale, Beer, and other Exciieable Liquors by Retail; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.	1405

CXLIV. An Aft for the more effeftual Proteftion of Oyfter Filheries and the Brood of Oyfters, in England.	1413

XLV. An Aft for enabling IlisMajefiv to grant Annuities to the Judges of the Court of SeiTion, Judiciary, and Exchequer in Scotland, upon the Refignation of their Offices.	1417

CXLVI. An Aft for veiling the Stock of the Court of Seffion in Scotland in Truftees, for the erefting Buildings for the better Accommodation of the College of Juftice, and a Publick Gaol, in the City of Edinburgh, and for other Purpcfes therein mentioned.	1421

CXLV1I. An Aft to permit the Sale of the Danijh Prize Ship Conflantia Maria, and her Cargo, in the Port of lmvey in the County of Cornwall. 1423

CXLVIII. An Aft for granting to His Majeffy a certain Sum of Money out of the Conlblidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and eight; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Seffion of Parliament.	1429

CXLIX. An Aft for repealing the Stamp Duties on Deeds, Law Proceedings, and other written or printed Inftruments, and the Duties on J.egacies and Succeflions to Perianal Fffate upon Inteftacies, now payable in Great Britain; and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof.	1457

CL. An Aft for enabling Ill's Majeffy jo effablifh a permanent Local Militia Force in Scotland, under certain Reffridions, for the Defence of the Realm.

isiT

CLI. An Aft concerning the Adminiffration of Juftice in Scotland, and concerning Appeals to the Houfe of Lords.	1561

CLII. An Aft for granting certain Duties on Worts or Wadi made from Sugstj during the Prohibition of Diftillation front Corn or Grain in Great Britain.

8	J 569

(Local & Perfonal, to be judicially noticed) 48* GEO. III.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

1.	AN Aft to continue and amend an Aft of the THirty-fecond Year of Ilk

prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Middleton hi Teefdale, to the Gate in the new Incfofures, called The Edge, in the Parifh of S lint An dread's Auckland, and a Blanch therefrom to EggLjlm Bridge, in the County of Durham.	3

2.	An Aft for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Aft of His prefertt

Majefty, for paving, cleanfing, lighting, and watching (he Streets and Public Paffages in the City of Whichever, and feveral Parifhes in the Suburbs thereof, and for removing and preventing Nuifances therein.	13

3.	An Aft for amending and enlarging the Powers of the feveral Afts relating

to the Oxford Canal Navigation.	45

4.	An Aft for continuing and amending Two Afts of the Fifth and Twenty-

feventh Years of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Hurjl-green to the Extent of the Parifh of Burwafh, m the County of Sujfcx.	57

5.	An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts of His prefent

Majefty, for repairing the Road from Scale Bridge to Bury Saint Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk.	69

6.	An Aft for enclofing Lands in Chapel Allerton, in the Weft Riding of the

County of York.	77

7.	An Aft for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of Three Afts,

for repairing the Road from Northallerton, tnrough TJnrfk and Eajingwold, to Burton Stone, near the City of York, and alfo, the Road from Thirjk to Topclffe, in the County of York.	93

8.	An Aft to enable the Company, of Proprietors of the Eaft J.ondan Water

Works to purchafe certain other Water Works, and to amend an Aft of the Forty-feventh Year of His prefent Majefty relating to the faid Eaft London Water Works.	101

9.	An Aft for better affefling and collefting the Poor and other Rates in the

Parifh of Saint Saviour, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, and regulating the Poor thereof.	X	17

10.	An Aft to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two

Afts of His late and prefent Majefty, for repairing the Roads from Hinckley to Melbourne Common, and other Roads in the. faid Afts mentioned, in the Counties of Leicejler and Derby.	125

11.	An Aft for completing the Improvement of the Port of Brifiol.	141

12.	An Aft for enclofing Lands in the Parifh of Eafmgton, in the North Riding

ofthe’County of 7V.L	•	165

13. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

13.	An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Aft of His prefent

Majefly, for making and maintaining the Barnfey Canal Navigation, and certain Railways and other Roads to communicate therewith; and for in-creafing the Rates, Tolls, and Duties thereby granted.	177

14.	An Aft to continue feveral Acts for granting a Duty of Two Pennies Scots

upon Ale and Beer brewed in the Town of Abcrbrothock, in the County of Forfar.	193

15.	An Aft for making and maintaining a Road from Leeds to Rounday, in

the Welt Riding of the County of York.	197

16.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Tovvnlhip of Minera, in the Pari Hi

of Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh.	233

17.	An Aft for regulating the Statute Labour, and repairing the Highways and

Bridges, in the County of Dumbarton.	249

18.	An Aft for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Croydon Canal to

complete the fame.	269

19.	An Aft for continuing the Term of Two Afts of His prefent Majefly, for

amending the Road from the Town of Biddenden, to join the Turnpike Road which leads from Afford to Feverfoam, at Bound gate, in the County of Kent.	277

20. An Aft for altering and enlarging the Powers of fo much of an Aft, of the Forty-fecond Year of His Majefty’s Reign, as relates to building and maintaining a Houfe of Correftion in and for the City and County of Aberdeen.	285

a 1. An Aft for better affefling and collefting the Poor and other Rates, in the Parifh of Saint Mary Newington, in the County of Surrey, and regulating the Poor thereof.	289

22.	An Aft to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Aft of King William the

Third, for erefting Hofpitals and Workhoufes, in the Borough of King’s Lynn, in the County' of Norfolk, and for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there. *	305

23.	An Aft for amending and rendering more effeftual an Aft paffed in the

Thirteenth Year of His prefent Majefly, for draining and preferving certain Lands and Grounds in the Parifhes of Tid Saint Giles, and Neuuton in the Iflt of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and in Tid Saint Mary’s, in the County of Lincoln, and for adding thereto certain other Lands in Tid Saint Mary's aforefaid, lying contiguous to the Lands deferibedin the faid Aft.	321

24.	An Aft for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Afts of His prefent Majefly, for repairing the Road from Barton Water*

fide Houfe to Rifeham Hedge Corner, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Lincoln.	337

2 j. An Aft to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Aft of His prefent Majefly, for making and repairing a Road from the Weft End of Gainfbcrougb Bridge to F.ajl Retford and to Cringley-upon-the-Hill, in the County of Nottingham.	343

26. An Aft to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Three Acts of His late and prefent Majefly, for repairing the Road from Tadeafer Bridge, within the County of the City of 2'crk, to a Place called Hebmoor Lane End.	357

27. Ah

3

(Local & Pcrfonal, to be judicially noticed) 48° GEO. III.

47.	An Aft for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Ads of His prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley by Mulefcroft, to Kendcll Hotfe, and from Mole/'croft to Bainton Balk, in the County of York.	373

28.	An Aft for continuing the Term and altering the Powers of feveral Ads for

repairing the Road from Carlifie to Penrith, and from Penrith to Eamont Bridge, in the County of Cumberland.	385

29.	An Adi for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from New Chappel, in the County of Surrey, to Ditcheling Bojl Hills, in the County of Suffix ; and for amending the Road from Ditcheling Bojl Hills to Brightbebnjlone, in the County of Suffix. 401

30.	An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads, palled in the

Seventh and Eleventh Years of His prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the Road from Spernal Afh, in the County of Warwick, through Studley, to the Town of Birmingham.	417

31.	An Ad for making and maintaining a Road from the Wirbfworth Turnpike

Road, in the Hamlet of Ideridgehay, to the Town of Dujfield, in the County of Derby.	425

32.	An Ad to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two

Ads of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Cromford Bridge to Langley Mill, in	the County of Derby.	461

33.	An Ad to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two

Ads of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from the Market C.rofs, in the Townfhip of Clitheroe, to Salford Bridge, in the Town of Blackburn, for diverting a Part of the faid Road, and for making a Branch of Road to communicate with the Blackburn and Prejlon Road, all in the County Palatine of Lancnfier.	473

34.	An Ad to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two

Ads of His prefent Majefty, fo far as the fame relate to the two Diftrids of Roads therein deferibed, leading from High Bridges to Uttoxeter, and from Spath to the Halfway from thence to Hanging Bridge, in the County of Stafford.	493

35.	An Ad for melding Lands in the Parifhes of Gay wood and Mintlyn, in the

County of Norfolk.	505

36.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Pari flies of Thakeham, Sullington, and

Shipley, in the County of Sujfex.	533

37.	An Ad to continue and amend Two Ads for repairing the Road from the

Turnpike Road at Wrotham Heath, in the County of Kent, to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to Godfione, in the County of Surrey.	553

38.	An Ad to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, of Two Ads, for

repairing the Road from the Mansfield and Chejlerfield 1 urnpike Road, to Buntingfield Nook, in the County of Derby; and tor making a new Road from Tupton Nether Green to Stubbing Edge Lane and Knot Crofs, in the faid County.	S^1

39.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parilhes of Great Walfingham, Little Walfingham, and Houghton next Walfingham, in the County of Norfolk. 577

£	40.	Ah

A TABLE of the STATUTES

40.	An Aft to alter and amend an Aft, palled in the Twenty-fifth Year of His

prefent Majefty, for draining, preferring, and improving certain Low Grounds and Carrs, in the feveral Parifhe's of Saint John of Beverley and of Skidby, in the Ealt Riding of the County of fork.	hog

41.	An Aft for building a Bridge over the River Ncfs at In-vemefs, widening

certain Streets, improving the prefent Harbour, extending the Royalty, fup-plying the Inhabitants with Water, regulating the Police, and lighting the Streets of the faid Burgh.	621

42.	An Aft for regulating the Police of the Barony of Gorbalt, in the County

of Lancrk ; paving, cleanfing, and lighting the Streets and Paifages thereof, erecting a Bridewell or Workhoufe therein, and for other Purpoles relating thereto.	653

43.	An Aft for the more eafy and fpeedy Recovery of Small Debts within the

Parilh of Manchefter, in the County Palatine of Lancajler.	685

44.	An Act for the further Supply of the City and Suburbs of Glafgow and

Places adjacent with Water.	713

45.	An Act for paving, cleanfing, watching, lighting, and regulating the

Streets, and other public Places, within the Town of Fertnoy, in the County of Cork, and for removing and preventing Nuifances and Obftruftions therein, and for eftabhfhing a proper Police in the faid Town.	745

46.	An Act for making a Railway from or near to the Town of Kilmarnock, in the County of Ayr, to a Place called The Troon, in the faid County. 793

47.	An Aft for the Improvement of the Harbour of Troon, fituate on the Well

Coalt of the County of Ayr.	837

48.	An Act for making a navigable Cut from the Eaft Side of the River Tees

near Stockton into the faid River near Portrack, in the County of Durham ; and making various other Improvements in the Navigation of the faid River between the Town of Stockton and	the	Sea.	861

49.	An Aft to amend and enlarge the Powers of the feveral Afts relating to the

Worcefler and Birmingham Canal Navigation.	921

50.	An Aft for the more eafy and fpeedy Recovery of Small Debts within the

Hundred of C'odjheath, and other Places therein mentioned, in the County of Kent.	933

51.	An Aft for enlarging the Powers of an Aft of His prefent Majefty, for the

more eafy and fpeedy Recovery of Small Debts within the City of Rochcfter, the Parilh of Strood, and feveral other Parilhes and Places in the County of Kent.	961

52.	An Aft for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers

of Two Acts of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Maidjlone to Key Street, in the County of Kent.	969

53.	An Aft for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Three

Afts of His late and prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Kingfion-upon-llull, to and through the Town of Anlaby, and from thence to the-Town of Kirk Ella, in the County of the faid Town of Kingjl on-i/pon-Hu II.	977

54.	An Aft to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of an Aft for re-

pairing the Road from Kinrofs, in the County of KinroJs, to Alloa, in the County of Clackmannan.■	989

55.	An>

4

{Local ft? Perfonal, to be judicially noticed') 48° GEO. IN.

55.	An Aft for repairing the Read from the Town of Ally, in the County of

Kildare, la the I own of Cafllecomcr, in the County of Kilkenny, and to the I own of Laghlin Bridge, in the County of Carlow, and front, the Town of Carlow to the faid Town of Cajllecomer.	10oi

56.	An Aft to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Po wers, of Three

Afts of His late and prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Chfikrficld, in the County of Derby, to Worlfop, in the County of Nottingham, and other Roads in the faid Afts mentioned, fo far as the fame relate to the Road from Chfilerfield to Worlfop.	togy

57.	An Aft for enlarging tjie Term and Powers of an Aft of His prefent Ma-

jesty? for repairing the Road from the Nottingham and Mansfield Turnpike, in the Liberty of Blidworth, to the Colliery near Pinxton Green, in the County of Nottingham.	'	1049

58.	An Aft; for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts of His prefent

Majefty, for repairing the Road from Workfop, in the County of Nottingham, to Attercliffe, in the County of Fork.	1061

59.	An Aft for continuing and amending an Aft, paffed in the Twenty-feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Nottingham to the Town of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham. 1073

6c. An Aft for amending an Aft, puffed in the laft Seffton of Parliament, for making and maintaining Roads from Percy’s Crofs to Milficld Burn, and from Wooler to Bowfdon Burn, in the County of Northumberland. 1092

61.	An Aft to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Afts, for

repairing the Road from Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, to Ringles Crofs, near Uckfeld, in the County of Sitjfex.	1007

62.	An Aft for taking down and rebuilding the Key Bridge acrofs the River

Avon, in the Borough of Tewkefbury, in the County of Gloucifler, and for making and forming convenient Roads thereto.	1105

63.	An Aft for repairing the Road from Fofion Bridge, through the Town of

Grantham, to the Divifion Stone on Witham Common, all in the County of Lincoln, and for repealing feveral Afts relating thereto.	1141

64.	An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts of His prefent

Majefty, for repairing the Road from Macclesfield to Nether Tab/ey, in the County of Chcjlcr, and for making a new Road from Birtlcs to Macclesfield afbrefaid.	1177

65.	An Aft for the more effeftually repairing a certain Road called The Walling

Street Road, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Salop and Stafford.	1193

66.	An Aft for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of

Two Afts of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Roads from Keyberry Bridge to the Paftfage at Shalldon, and from the faid Bridge to the Pier or Harbour of Torquay,	in	the	County of Devon.	1233

67.	An Aft for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers,

of Two feveral Afts of His late and prefent Majefty, for amending the Road from Shrevfbury to IVrexham, in the County of Denbigh, and from Wrexham to Chfiler, and feveral other Roads therein mentioned, fo far as refpefts the Chefler Diftrift of	the faid	Roads.	*249

63. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

68.	An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers,

of '1 wo Afts of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Roads from Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Ken I, to Swiftfden, and from Frant to Pofingwortb Great Wood; and for amending a certain Piece of Road communicauug with the laid Roads.	1265

69.	An Aft for removing Doubts as to the Application of certain Surplus Monies

paid for meafuring, fearching, and fealing Cloth, in the Welt Riding of the County of York, under Two Acts of His prefent Majefty.	1281

70.	An Aft to alter and amend an Aft of the Thirty-firlt Year of His late

Majefty, for the due making of Bread, to regulate the Price and Affize thereof, and to punilh Perfons who fhall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread, fo far as the fame relates to the Weighing of Bread to be baked and lold w'ithin the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange.	1285

71.	An Aft for repealing an Aft, made in the Forty-third Year of His prefent

Majefty, for extending the Provifions of Two former Afts relating to the Ufe of Horfe Hides in making Boots and Shoes, and preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof, and for making other Provifions in lieu thereof.	1293

72.	An Aft for veiling detached Parts of the fettled Eftates of the Right Ho-

nourable Thomas Lord Le Defpencer, in the County of Kent, in him and his Heirs, and for fubftituting and fettling other Eftates of greater Value, and more convenient to be held with the Bulk of the faid fettled Eftates, in lieu thereof, and in Exchange for	the fame.	1317

73.	An Aft for veiling the detached Eftates, devifed by the Will of the late

Henry Hervey AJlon, Efquire, in Truftees, upon Trull to fell the fame, and to lay out the Money arifing from the Sale thereof in the Purchafe of other Eftates.	1333

74.	An Aft for enabling John William Spicer, Efquire, to grant Building Leafrs

of Lands in the Parilh of Saint Mary Newington Butts, in the County of Surrey, for Terms of Years not exceeding Ninety-nine Years.	1353

75.	An Aft for effeftuating an Exchange between Thomas William Coke, Efquire,

and the Truftees of his fettled	Eftates.	1361

76.	An Aft for veiling certain Manors, Rents, and Tithes, iq the Counties of

Wejlmorland and Cumberland, Part of the Eftates fettled by the Will of Sir Lyonel Wright Fletcher, Baronet, deceafed, in Truftees, to be fold, and to enable the Devifees under the fame Will to enfranchife certain cuftomary Eftates holden of feveral Manors in the faid Counties, fettled by the fame Will, and for applying Part of the Money arifing from fuch Sales and En-franchifements in paying off certain Legacies given by the faid Will, and veiling the Remainder in the Purchafe of other Eftates to be fettled to the fame Ufes.	1373

77.	An Aft for enabling the Governor and Direftors of the Hofpital for Poor

French Proteftants and their Defendants refiding in Great Britain, to grant fuch Part of the Scite of the Buildings and the Lands belonging to the faid Hofpital, or fuch Part thereof as they Avail think proper, upon Building Leafes.	1393

78.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Manor of Kirkby Lonfdale, in the County

of Wejlmorland.	1397

L v	79-	An

[Local & Perfonal, to be judicially noticed) 4^ GEO. III.

79.	An A& for inclofing Lands in the Pari flies of Chipping Milton and Rwchefler, in the County Palatine of	Lancajler.	14I ^

So. An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parilhes of Bawde/welland Lin*, in the County of Norfolk.	H37

81.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Scot ter, in the County of

Lincoln.	*4 57

82.	An A a for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Rothbtiry, in the County of

Northumberland.	1489

83 An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Abergele, in the County of Denbigh.	i5I3

84.	An Aa for inclofing	Lands in	the Parifh of Rodham, in the County of

Norfolk.	,533

85.	An Aa for dividing Lands in the Parifh of Wickleviood, in the County of

Norfolk.	1349

86.	An Aa for forming, paving, and otherwife improving certain Streets and other public Paffages and Places, in the Parifh of Saint Far.cras, in the County of Middlcfex.	1577

87.	An Aa for lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets and Lanes, and

other public Palfagcs and Places, in the Town of Beverley, in the County of 7 Irk.	1613

88.	An Aa for the more eafy and fpeedy Recovery of Small Debts within the

Hundreds of Wejibury, Warminjler, Hcytefbury, and Damerbam South, in the County of Wilts.	1645

89.	An Aft for the better and more eafy rebuilding of the Town of Chudleigh,

in the County of Devon ; for determining Differences touching Houfes dc-molifhed by the late Fire there j and for preventing' future Danger by Fire.	16 69

90.	An Aft to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two

Ads of His prefent Majefly, for repairing the Road from the Bottom of Church Lane, in the Town of NeivcaJile-under-Lyne, in the County of Stafford, to the Road from Woor to Cbcjler, near Nampiwich, in the County of Chejler, and other Roads therein mentioned.	1685

91.	An Ad for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers,

of an Ad of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Rotherham to The Four Lane Ends, near Worthy, in the Weft Riding of the County of York.	~	1697

92.	An Ad for making and maintaining a Road from the Romford and White-chapel Road, to or near to Tilbury Fort, in the County of F.ffex. 1709

93 An Ad for veiling in new Tru flees certain Eflatcs and Property in Ireland, of the Right Honourable Walter Earl of Ormonde and Off ory in Ireland, and Baron Butler.in England, which have not been fold or difpofed of under and by virtue of Two Adis of Parliament, made in the Thirty-fifth and Forty-fifth Years of the Reign of Ilis prelent iffajefty.	'	1 749

94.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Farifn of Stone., in the County of Stafford.	1757

95.	An

F

A TABLE tj the STATUTES

95.	An Act for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Mardtn, Sutton Saint Michael,

Sutton Saint Nicholas, and Withington, and certain Chapdries, Townfhips, and Parilhes adjacent thereto, in the County of Hereford.	1781

96.	An A cl to enable the Commercial Infurance Company of Dublin to fue,

and be fued, in the Name of their Secretary.	1797

97.	An Aft for making more effectual Proviiion for maintaining, regulating,

and employing the Poor of the Parifh of Saint Luke, in the County of Mid-dlcfex.	1801

98.	An Adi for the more eafy and fpeedy Recovery of Small Debts within the

Parifh of AJhton-under-Lyne, in the County Palatine of Lane after, and within the Townfhips of St ay ley, and other Places therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Chefter.	.	1853

99.	An Aft to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Surrey Canal to fupply with V\ ater the feveral Towns, Diflrifts, and Places therein mentioned, and to amend the feveral Afts relating to the faid Canal. 1881

100.	An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of feveral Afts for repairing

the Road from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourne Bridge, and for making a new Road front the great Northern Road at jftiugton to tile Edgeware Road near Paddington, in the County of Middlcfex.	1897

101.	An Aft for making and maintaining a Road from the B right behn/lone

Road at Pyecombe to the Cuckfteld Hoad at Staplcfield Common, and from Pyecombe to the Henfteld Road at Poynings Common, in the County of Suffiex	1921

102.	An Aft for empowering Truftees to fell and convey the Freehold and

Copyhold hftates devifed by the Will of John Crofter, Efquire, deceafed, and to lay out the Money arifing by the Sale thereof in the Purchafeof other Eftates to be fettled in lieu thereof, and to the fame Ufes.	1961

102. An Aft for regulating the Proceedings in the Courts Baron of the Manors of Sheffield and Ecclefall, in the County of York.	1985

xoa. An Aft for rebuilding the Pier, and for improving the Harbour of Berwick-upon-Tweed.	2013

105.	An Aft for continuing, altering, and enlarging the Powers of fo much of

an Aft of His prefent Majefty, as relates to making effectual the Statute Labour in the Shite of Invernefs, and levying a Converfion of Money in lieu thereof, and otherwife regulating, making, and repairing Highways and Bridges in the faid Shire.	2057

106.	An Aft to continue Two Afts of the Parliament t>f Ireland, for the

Improvement of the Harbour of	Drogheda.	2081

107.	An Aft for enabling the Jufticcs of the Peace for the Eaftern Divifion of the County of Suffix, to take down the prefent Shire Hall or Seflions Houfe in the Town of Lewes, and for enabling them to build another Shire Hall or Seflions Houfe in a more convenient Situation within the faid Town. 2085

108.	An Aft for rendering more effeftual an Aft of His prefent Majefiy, for

draining certain Low Hinds lying on both Sides the P it er Wttham, in the County of Lincoln; and for rcitoring the Navigation or the faid River from the High Bridge in th c City of L incoin, to the Sea.	2105

*09. An

(Locals Perjottal, to be judicially noticed) 48° GEO. III.

109.	An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Ad, parted in the Second Year of His preient Majefty, for the more eafy and fpeedy Recovery of Small Debts in the Town and County of the Town of KingJion-upon-Hull. 2133

110.	An Ad for the more eafy and fpeedy Recovery of Small Debts within the

Townfhip of Wolverhampton, and in feveral Parilhes and Places therein mentioned, in the County of Stafford.	2145

lit. An Ad for altering and amending an Ad of His prefent Majefty, for building a Bridge over the River Thames at Henley-upon-Tbames, in the County of Oxford.	21 fig

ti2. An Ad to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of Two Ads for tepairing the Road from Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick, to and through Kelfo, in the Shire of Roxburgh, to the Marchburn.	2181

113.	An Ad for more effedually repairing and improving the Road leading

from the Town' of Stamford, to the Divifion Stone in South Witham, in the County of Lincoln.	2189

114.	An Ad for continuing the Term of an Ad for repairing the Road from

Merlin's Bridge to Pembroke Ferry, in the County of Pembroke.	2225

115.	An Ad for effeding the Sale of certain Eftates devifed by the Will of the

Right Honourable Edward late Lord Thurlow, and for laying out the Money to arife by fuch Sales in the Purchafe of other Eftates, and for fettling the fame to the Ufes of his Lordfhip's Will.	2237

116.	An Ad for enabling the Mafter, Warden, Fellows, Brethren, Sifters,

and Scholars of the College of God's Gift in Dulwich, in the County of Surrey, to grant a Leafe or Leafes of certain Eftates belonging to the fame College, in the faid County, purfuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpofe; and alfo to grant Building Leafes of other Parts of the fame Eftates, and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.	2249

117.	An Ad for Veiling certain Eftates in the Counties of Warwick, Middlefex,

and Montgomery, late of the Right Honourable Robert Earl of Catberlough, deceaied, in Truftees, in Truft to be fold, and for inverting the Money ariling from the Sale thereof in the Purchafe of other Eftates, to be fettled to the fub-fifting Ufes of the Will of the faid Robert Earl of Catberlough, and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.	2265

118.	An Ad for enabling the Truftees under the Will of William Banker Efquire,

deceafed, to change the Order of Sale of the Real Eftates, late of the faid William Banker, and for enabling the Devifees under the Will of the faid William Banker, to grant Leafes of fuch Part of his Eftates as fhall remain unfold.	2285

119.	An Ad for veiling Part of the fettled and devifed Eftates of Sir John William De la Pole, Baronet, deceafed, in Truftees, for Sale, and for fettling the remaining Part of the faid fettled and devifed Eftates in the Manner therein

• mentioned.	,	,	'	2297

i eo. An Ad to enable the Truftees of the Will of TtsiMtii Peter Legh Efquire, deceafed, to grant building and repairing Leafes of certain Eftates in the Parifh of Warrington and in the Townlhip of Blaikley ,uear Mancheftcr, in the County oi Lancajler, and to accept Surrenders, and for, appointing of new Truftees, and for other Purpofes.	t.	2	325

e	:	.	121.	An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

i*t. An Aft for enlarging the Powers of an Aft made in the Firft Year of thfi Reign of His late Maj fifty King George the Secbnd, intituled, An Ad to per-pftuate and better regulate the charitable Foundation of Doctor Nathaniel Foy, late Lord BJkop of Waterford and Lil'morc, in the City of Waterford, and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.	2337

122. An Aft for appointing new Truflees for carrying into Execution the Trulls and Powers contained in the Settlement executed on the Marriage of John Amphlcit Efquire, with Eliza Ann his Wife.	2349

>23. An Aft to enable Nathaniel Lee Acton Efquire, and others, to grant Building Leafes of Lands at and near Hackney, in the County of Middlefex* devifed by the Will of the late Baptijl Lee Efquire.	2357

124.	An Aft for veiling the Share of Thomas Knight Cook an Infant, of and

in the Eftates late of the Reverend Thomas Knight Clerk, deceafed, in Trultees upon Titill, to carry the Contrafts entered into for the Sale thereof into Execution, or otherwife to fell and difpofe of the fame, and for inveiling the Money to arii'e therefrom under the Direftion of the Court of Chancery in the Purchafe of other Lands to be conveyed to the Ufe of him the laid Thomas Knight Cook, and his Heirs.	2369

125.	An Aft for confirming and rendering valid and effeftual an Exchange

made in the Year Gne thoufand feven hundred and fixty-two, between William Mellijh Enquire, deceafed, and Charles Mtllfh Efquire, his eldelt Son, alfo deceafed, and the Vicar of Blyth, in the County of Nottingham, of Lands and Hereditaments of the faid William Mellijh and Charles Mellijh, in the Parifh of Blyth, for a fmall Part of the Glebe belonging to the faid Vicarage.	2389

126.	An Aft to enable John Holton Fere, Devifee for his own Life in Poffeftion of certain Freehold and Copyhold Eftates fituate at or near Kilburn in the Parifh of Hampflcad, in the County of Middlefex, under and by virtue of the Will mid Codicil of Holton Vera late of Saint Martin’s Lane, in the faid County of Middlefex, Gentleman, deceafed, to grant Buildmg Leafes of the fame Eftates for any Term not exceeding the Term of Ninety-nine Years. 2405

127.	An Aft for enabling Sir Ofwald Mofley Baronet, to grant certain Lands

and Hereditaments in the Parifh of Manchejter, in the County Palatine of Lancqftcr, for the Purpofes of the Manchjler Publick Infirmary, Dil’penfary, Lunatick Hofpital, and Alyl urn,- and for veiling the Property and Effects belonging to the faid Charity in Trultees for the Benefit thereof.	2413

128.	An Aft for iiiclofmg Lands in the Parilh of Walling,on, in the County

of Oxford.	2421

129.	An Act for inclofmg Lands in the Parifh of Hatherfage, in the County of

Derby.	244 5

130.	An Aft for allotting Lands in the Parilh of Chertfcy and Manor of Chcrtfcy

Bepnond, in	the County of	Surrey.	2469

131.	An Aft for inclofmg Lands in that Part of the Parilh of Saint Afaph, in

the Counties of Flint and Denbigh, which is not within the Franchife of Rhuddlan, in the laid	County	of Flint.	2493

132.	An Aft for inclofmg Lands in the Manor of Barton, in the County of

Stafford.	25°9

1	133.	An

(Local & Perfoml, to he judicially noticed) 48° GEO. III.

133.	An Aft for allotting and inclofing the Foreft or Chace of Charnzvcod.

otherwife Charley Foreft or Chafe and Rothley Plain, in the County of Leiccjler.	2529

134.	An Aft for incloling Lands in the feveral Manors of Kingfton-upon-Thamcs

and Imworfh, otherwife Imbercourt, in the County of Surrey, and for felling Part of fuch Lands for the Purpofe of providing a Court Houfe and Market Houfe for the faid Town.	2577

135.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parilh of Cbeckley, in the County of

Stafford.	2601

136.	An Aft to amend Two Afts, fo far as relate to fupplying the City of

Londonderry with Water, improving the Harbour of the laid City, and the Regulation of Pilots and Veffels ufing the fame ; and for extending the Jurifdiftion of the Court held in the faid City for the Recovery of Small Debts.	2621

137.	An Aft for fupplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Borough of Cob

chcjier, in the County of Effex.	2637

138.	An Aft to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two

Afts of His prefent Majefty, for amending the Road from near Milford, through Hajlemere, to the Portfmoutb Road between Lippock and Rake, in the Counties of Surrey, Suffex, and Southampton.	2677

139.	An Aft for repairing the Roads from Tavcrnfpite to the Towns of Pern-

broke and Tenby, and to Hubbcrflon Haling, and from Lovejlon Mountain to Camfton Bridge, in the County of Pembroke.	2689

140.	An Aft for carrying into Execution an Agreement entered into between the Honourable and Right Reverend James Lord Bifhop of Ely and John Tharp the Elder, of Chippenham Park, in the County of Cambridge, Efquire, for the Exchange of the Advowfon of the Reftory of Snailwell, in the County of Cambridge, Part of the Poffeflions of the See of Ely, for the Reftory of Burgate, in the County of Suffolk, veiled in the faid John Tharp.

2725

141.	An Aft for veiling the fettled F.ftates of the Right Honourable Philip Earl of Hardwicke, fituate in the County of Gloucejler, in Truftees, upon Trull, as to certain Parts which have been contrafted to be fold, to convey the fame to the refpeftive Purchafers, and as to the Refidue, in Trull to fell the fame, and for inverting the Purchafe Monies, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in other Eftates to be fettled in lieu thereof, and to the fame Ufes.	2741

142.	An Aft for altering and enlarging the Powers of feveral Afts, parted in

the Thirty-fifth, Forty-fourth, and Forty-fifth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for enabling the Lord Bilhop of London to grant a Leafe, with Powers of Renewal, of Lands in the Parilh of Paddington, in the County of Middlefex, for the Purpofe of building upon.	2757

143.	An Aft for veiling in Truftees, the Perfonal Eftate of the Reverend

Richard Daniel, Mailer of Arts in the Dniverfity of Dublin, and making them a Corporation for the Purpofes of carrying into Effeft the charitable Deftgns and Intentions of the Will of the faid Richard Daniel.	2781

144.	An Aft for verting the Fee Simple of the Eftates devifed by the Will of Edward Carefwell, Gentleman, deceafed, in Truftees for the charitable Purpofes therein mentioned.	2789

G	145.	An

G

A TABLE of the STATUTES

145.	An Aft to amend Two Afts, patted in Ireland, for the better Education of Perfons profefling the Roman Catholic Religion, and for the better Government of the Seminary eftablifhed at Mayncotb for the Education of fuch Perfons, lb far as relates to the Purchafe of Lands and compounding Suits.

2801

146.	An Aft forfupplying the Town and Parifh of Woolwich, in the County of

Kent, with Water, and for amending fo much of an Aft of the laft SefTion as relates to the Erection of a Market Houle in thefaid Town.	2805

147.	An Aft for repairing the Road from Milford to Stainlon and to Merlin’s

Bridge, and from thence to Cartlct Bridge, and to the Top of Merlin's Hill, in the County of Pembroke.	2817

148.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Borough of Lcemlnjler, in the County of Hereford, and in the I'ownfhip of Lvfon, in the Parifh of Eye, in the faid County; and for paving, and otherwife improving the Streets and other public Places within the Town of Leominfter, in the faid County.

149.	An Aft for effectuating an Exchange between thePrefident and Scholars of Saint John Baptift College, in the Univerfity of Oxford, and Chrijlopher Hull of Footfcray, in the County of Kent, Efquire.

150.	An Aft to confirm and render valid and effeftual a Partition of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Carlow and Kildare, in Ireland, formerly the Eftates of Jeffery Paul Efquire, deceafed.

151.	An Aft for vetting Part of the Eftates of Paulin Hugget, an Infant, in Truftees, to be fold, and for applying the Money arifing therefrom in part Difcharge of certain Incumbrances charged thereon.

152.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Kirk Smeaion in the Weft Riding of the County of Fork.

153.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Borough and Parifh of Tcwkefbury, in the County of Gloucefer, and for vettins the After or Latter Math of a Meadow called Severn Ham, within the faid Borough and Parifh, in Truftees for certain Purpcfes.

154.	An Aft for exchanging Part of the fettled Ettates of the Right Honourable Francis Earl of Moira, fituate in England, for Part of the Eftates of the Right Honourable Flora Mure, Countds of Loudoun, his Wife, fituate in Scotland, including the Caftle of Loudoun.

135. An Aft for vetting an Efiate called Kiliingworth Farm, in the County of Northumberland, being an Eftate devifed by the Will of Thomas Bonner, Efquire, deceafed, in Truftees, to be fold, for the Payment of Legacies, and for laying out the Refidue of the Money in the Purchafe of other Eftates to be fettled to the fame Ufc-s.

156. An Aft for veiling in Samuel Robert Gauffen, of North Mi mm, in the County of Hertford, Efquire, a Mettuage and Farm, with the Appurtenances, in North Minims aforefaid, and for applying the Money to arife thereby in the Purchafe of other Eftates to be fettled to the fame Ufes as the Eftate fold.

137 An Aft to prevent the Right of Frefentation to the Reftorv and Parifh Church of Si mo;; burn, in the County of Northumberland, from lapfing for a limited Time.

(Local ft? Perfonal', not printed') 46° GEO. III.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

1 • AN Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifli of Annefley, in the County of Nottingham.

2.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Townihip of Aldbrough, in the County of York.

3.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Manor of Efftngton and Parifli of Bufh-bury, in the County of Stafford.

4.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifli of Harlton, in the County of Cambridge.

5.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifli of Wejl Tarring, and the Prccinfts thereof, in the County of Suffer.

6.	An Adi for veiling certain Lands belonging to the Right Honourable William Wyndbam Lord Grenville, and Ann Baronefs Grenville his Wife, and a Par-fonage Houfe io be built on the faid Lands, in the Redlor for the Time being of the united Pariihes of Boconnoc and Braddock, in the County of Cornwall, in Exchange for the Parfonage Houfe of Boconnoc, and certain Glebe Lands belonging to that Part of the laid united Pariihes called Boconnoc.

7.	An Adi for empowering the Judges of the Court of Seflion in Scotland to fell fuch Parts and Portions of the entailed Eilate of Cullean, and other Hereditaments, fituated in the County of Ayr, which belonged to, and were entailed by David late Earl of Cafftllis, deceafed, as ihall be fufficient for Payment of the Debts contradled by him and his Predeceflors, ilill owing and affefting or which may be made to affedl the faid entailed Eilate; and for creating a Fund for the Purchafe of other Lands and Heritages to be entailed in lieu of the Parts and Portions fo fold.

8.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Pariih of Clophill, in the County of Bedford.

9.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Manor of Feiherjionc, in the Pariihes of Haltwbijlie and Lamlcy, in the County of Northumberland.

10.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Pariihes of Llangunnog and Llanjlephan, in the County of Carmarthen.

11.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Pariih of If ell, in the County of Cum, bcrland.

12.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Pariihes of TivetjhaU Saint Margaret and Tivetjhall Saint Mary, in the County of Norfolk.

13.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in Orlingbury, in the County of Northampton.

14.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in Irlhlingborough, in the County of Northampton.

15.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Townfliip of Quam, othenvife QuarrJsn. in the County of Derby.

7

:6. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

16.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Brome, Oakley, Tbrandejlonf Ttxley, and Eye, in the County of Suffolk.

17.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Manor of Priorfdcan and Colmar, other-wife Colemore, in the County of Southampton.

18.	An Act to enable the Reverend Thomas a Beckett, and his Iffue Male, to take the Name, and bear the Arms of Turner, purfuant to the Will of Martha Turner, Widow, deceafed.

19.	An Aft for naturalizing Charles Frederick Pafchoud.

20.	An Aft for empowering the Judges of the Court of SefTion in Scotland to fell fuch Parts of the entailed Eftates of Carbijlon and Pitcairly, in the Counties of Ayr and Fife, in Scotland, belonging to James Cathcart, Efquire, as lliall be fufficient for Payment of the Debts afl'efting the fame.

21.	An Aft to amend an Aft of His prefent Majefty, for inclofing and draining Lands within the Honor, Manor, and Parifh of Wortncgay, in the County of Norfolk.

22.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parilh of Luton, in the County of Bedford.

23.	An Aft for inclofing North Heath Common, in the Parifh of Pulborcugh, in the County of Suffex.

24.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Bredon, in the County of Worcejlcr.

*5. An Aft to amend an Aft, made in the Thirty-fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Cartmel, in the County Palatine of Lancajler.

26. An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Tovvnfhip of Eafntgwold, in the North Riding of the County of Tork.

37.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Manor and Townfhip of Carlton, in the Parifh of Coverham, in the North Riding of the County of Tork.

28.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the feveral Townfhips or Liberties of Worn-born, Orton, and Swindon, in the Parifh of Womborn, in the County of Stafford.

29.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in Blifworth, in the County of Northampton.

30.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Swinejhead, in the County of Huntingdon.

31.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Winterbourne Wajle, other-wife Monckton, in the County of Dorfet.

32.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Winterbourne Abbas, in the County of Dorfet.

33.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Hmkerton, in the County of Wilts.

34.	An Aft for inclofing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parifhe* of Strelley and Bilborough, in the County of Nottingham.

35.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Byford, in the County of Hereford.

36.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Manor of Bolton, in the County of Wetlmorland.

37. Ah

8



(Local& Perfonal, not printed) 48° GEO. III.

37.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Clcy next the Sea and Field Balling, in the County of Norfolk.

38.	An Act for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Harlington, in the County of Bedford.

39.	An Act to alter, amend, and explain an Act of His prefent Majefly, for inclofing Land, in the Parifh of Llandeniolcn, in the County of Carnarvon.

40.	An A<5t for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Chute, in the County of Wilts.

41.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Afhmanhaugh, in the County of Norfolk.

42.	An Act for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Ncatifhead, in the County of Norfolk.

43.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of North Walfham and Felming-bam, in the County of Norfolk.

44.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Bifthopftrozu, in the County of Wilts ; and alfo a Common Pafture, called Pitmead, in the faid Parifh, and the Parifhes of Warminjler, Norton Bavant, and Sutton Veny, in the faid County.

45.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Upton cum Chalvey, in the County of Buckingham.

46.	An Act for inclofing Lands in the Hamlet of Aft on Upthorpe, and in the Parifh of Ajlon Tirrold, in the County of Berks.

47.	An Act for inclofing Lands in Great Crogli/t, in the County of Cumber laud.

48.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Claxton and Rockland, in the County of Norfolk.

49.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Codford Saint Peter, in the County of Wilts.

50.	An Aft for naturalizing John Henry Stein.

31. An Aft for naturalizing John Frederick Ufko.

52.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Townfhip of Saighton, in the CouRty Palatine of Chejlcr.

53.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Deerhurfl and Lye, otherwife Leigh, in the County of Gloucejlcr.

54.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Townfhip of Langford, in the Counties of Berks and Oxford; or one of them.

55.	An Act for embanking the Salt Marfhes in the Parifhes of Frleflon and But-temick, in the County of Lincoln, and for inclofing the fame, and other Lands within the faid Parifhes. •

56.	An Aft for vefling the fettled Eflates of John Ingle, and Margaret his Wife, in Truftees to be fold, and for laying out the Monies thence arifing in the Purchafe of other Eftates to be fettled to the fame Ufes as the Eftates foU.

3

li

57. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

$7- An A<£\ for enabling the Heirs of Entail in Poffeflion for the Time being of the Lands and Ellate of Rothiemurchus, in the County of Inkiernefs, North Britain, under the Authority of the Court of Seflion, to contract for the Sale of the Fir Woods growing thereon, and for the better Execution and Fulfilment of the Powers and Conditions contained in the Deed of Entail affefting the faid Lands and Eftate.

58.	An Act for altering and amending an Act of His prefent Majefty, for inclofing Lands in the Townlhip of Fulbourn, in the County of Cambridge.

59.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parilh of kVarefey, in the County of Huntingdon, and for allotting Lands in the Parilh of Gamlingay, in the County of Cambridge.

60.	An Aft for allotting and dividing Lands in the Parifh of Girton, in the County of Cambridge.

61.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Townlhip of Fylingdales, in the County of York.

62.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Weft Markham, in the County

' of Nottingham.

63.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parilh of Portchejier, otherwife Porch fer, in the County of Southampton.

64.	An Aft to alter and amend an Aft, paffed in the Thirty-fevemh Year of His prefent Majefty, for inclofing Lands in the Manor and Townlhip of Hillamy in the Parilh of Monk Fryfton, in the Welt Riding of the County of York.

65.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Manor or Parilh of Skegby, in the County

of Nottingham.

66.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Manor of Tregrug, in the County of

Monmouth.

67.	An Aft for allotting Lands in the Parifhes of Fulmodcfton with Crouton, Stib-bard. Little Ryburgh, and Great Rybargh, in the County of Norfolk.

68.	An Aft to amend an Aft of His prefent Majefty, for inclofing a certain Warren called Sherfield Warren, in the Parilh or Sherfteld Englijh, in the County of Southampton.

69.	An Aft for naturalizing Albertina Haafe and Sophia Haafe.

70.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parilh of Gamfton, in the County of

Nottingham.

71.	An Aid for inclofing Lands in the fevcral Pari (lies of Llanbedrog, Llanft-

hangel, Bachelleth, Llangian, and Llaniejiyn, in the County of Carnarvon.

72.	An Aft for veiling the Real, Freehold, and Chattel Eftates and Lands, which formerly belonged to William Birmingham, late of RofshiU, in the County of Galway, Ei'quire, deceafed, in Truftees, to be fold for the Payment of his Debts and Legacies, and for laying out the Surplus of the Monies arifing from fuch Sale or Sales, after Payment of fuch Debts and Legacies, in the Purchafe of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Ireland, to be limited and fettled to the feveral Ufes and upon the Trulls therein mentioned.

9

73. An

{Local ds? Perfonal, not printed) 48° GEO. III.

•

73.	An Acl to enable the Executrix and Executors in Trull of the Will of Alexander Deane to grant Leafcs of Lands and Grounds in the City of Cork. and in the Liberties of the faid City, and to apply the Rents and Profits thereof to the Ufes of the faid Will.

74.	An Acl for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Ardington, in the County of Berks, and in the feveral Parifnes, Tythings, or Hamlets of Eaft Hendred, Weft Hendred, Eaft Lee hinge, Weft Lockinge, and Stcventon, in the fame County.

75.	An Adi for inclofing Lands in the Manor and Parifh of Little Somerford, In the County of Wilts.

76.	An Adi to diffolve the Marriage of the Reverend Charles Majfy with Mary Anne Ro/slewin his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.

77.	An Adi for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of South Cerney, in the County of Gloucefter.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moft Excellent Majefly. 1808.

A

10 ipnaco

.wmenmO;;	j

.xfctti.’t ‘-fTE t

hns .1 ,	-0	:	t4

.









V







.

> ' •

kMoV . i c ,	r.j	:	J	•	.	.	;

-	—---------==5==s«swte------  •’

.

t

■ n c k :

.•



'

ti l-1' i f.

V • I	r	'	c*	'	‘	'	.	-'J

~	i



: ' - ?

■	"	■	'	'	■'	'	■	'' C C









A









.







a*.







I.

j

•t....

i/-. ■	>•*•..



i f -

I ■

>•

■

>,-*vV »	*-	•-..





INDEX

TO THK

LOCAL and PERSONAL ACTS,

48° geo. m.

fj- All the A its, the Purpofe of which is not here fpecially dated, are Road Act* ; All the Adis are indexed under erery Head occurring in the Title.

A.

Aberbrothock, (Forfar) Beer and Ale

Aberdeen (Houfe of Correction)

Abergele (Denbigh) Inclofure A Cion, N. L. Efq. and others (Building Leafes) Alloa (Clackmannan)

Amphlett, J. Efq. and Wife (Marriage Settlement) Anlaby (KingJlon-upon-Hu/l)

Aibford (Kent)

Afhton -under-Lyne (Lancnfler) Small Debts Alton, H. H. Efq. (Eftates)

Athby, (Kildare)

Attercliffe (York)

Avon River (Glouecjler) rebuilding Bridge

B.

Bainton Balk (York)

Banks W. Efq. (Sale of Eftates)

Barnfley (Canal)

Barton Waterfide Houfe (Lincoln)

Bawdefwell and Ling (Norfolk) Inclofure Berwick-upon-Tweed (Pier and Harbour) Beverley (York)

■—	'---  Lighting	-

Biddenden (Kent)

Birmingham (Canal)

Birtles (Chcjler)

Blackburn (Lancafler)

Blidworth (Nottingham)

Bodham ;Norfolk) Inclofure Bonner, T. Efq. (Sale of Eftates)

Boundgate (Kent)

Bowfdon Burn (Northumberland)

[I]

Chap.

*4

20

83

123

54

122 S3 19 .98 73 S3 5** 62

27

118

>3

24

80

104

27

87

19

49

64

33

S7

84

JS5

19

<5o

INDEX TO THE LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS.

Bread (Aflize)	-	-

Brighthelmftone (Suffix)

Briftol (Port of)

Buntingfield Nook (Derby)

Burgate (Suffolk) Redlory	-	-

Burton Stone (York)	-	-

Burwaih (Suffex)

Bury St. Edmunds (Suffolk) '	-

Chap,

7» f 29 \ ioi

it

3«

140

7

4

5

C.

Canal Navigations (See Names of the refpeftive Places).

Canafton Bridge (Pembroke)

Carefwell, Edw. (Charity)

Cailifle (Cumberland)

Carlow	-	-

Carlow E. (See Catherlough).

Cartlet Bridge (Pembroke)

Catherlough, Earl (Sale of Ellates)

Caftlecomer (Kilkenny)

Chapel Allerton (York) Inclofure Charnwood, otherwife Charley (Leicejlcr) Inclofure Checkley (Stafford) Inclofure	*	-

Chertfey (Surrey), allotting Lands

Chefter	-

1

Chefterfield (Derby)

Chipping Mitton Inclofure	-

Chudletgh (Devon), rebuilding

Church Lane (Stafford)	-	-	-

Clitheroe (Lancajler)

Cloth Sealing (Yorkfhtre)	«

Codlheath Hundred (Kent) Small Debts Coke, T. W. Efq. (Eftates)

Colchefter (EJfcx) Waterworks Commercial Infurance Company (Dublin)

Cook, T. K. (Sale of Eftates)

Crqpiford Bridge (Derby)

Crofter, J. Efq. (Sale of Eftates)

Croydon (Canal)

Croydon (Surrey)

Cuckfield Road (Suffex)	-	-

*39

144

28

55

J47

117

-{

{

•33

*35

130

67

90

38

56

79

89

90

33

69

5°

75

*37

96

124

3*

102

18

37

101

D.

Damerham, South (Wilts) Small Debts Daniel Rev. R. (Charity)

De-la-Pole, Sir I.W. Bart. (Sale of Eftates) Defpencer, See Le Defpencer.

Ditcheling Boft Hills (Suffex)

Drogheda (Harbour)

Dublin Infurance Company

Dulwich College (Surrey) Building Leafes

Dumbarton

E.

Eamont Bridge (Cumberland)

Eafington (York) Inclofure Eafingwold (York)

Eaft London (Water Works)

88

M3

119

39 io 6 96 11<5 17

28

12

7

8

48“ GEO. III.

Eaft Retford (Nottingham)

Edgeware Road (Middlefex)

Eoclefall (Tori) Courts Baron Egglcfton Bridge (Durham)

Ely Bifhop (Exchange of Livings)

F.

Fcrmoy (Cork) Paving Feverfham (Kent)

Flaying Hides	-	»

Fletcher, Sir L.W. Bart. (Eftates}	.

Forfar Aberbrothock (Beer and Ale)

Fofton Bridge (Lincoln)

Foy Dr. (Charity)

Frant ••

French Proteflants Hofpitals (Leafes)

G.

Gainfborough Bridge (Nottingham)

GaufTen, S. R. Efq. (Veiling Eftates)

Gaywood (Norf.fk) Inclofure	-

Glafgow (Waterworks)

Gloucefter Bridge

Gods Gift Coilege Dulwich (Surrey) Building Leafes Godftone (Surrey)

Gorbals Barony (Lanerl) Paving Grand Surrey Canal _

Grantham (Lincoln)

Great Walfingham (Norfolk)

Gringley upon the .Hill (Nottingham)

H.

Hanging Bridge (Stafford)

Hardwicke Earl (Sale of Eftates)

Hallemere (Surrey, Suffix, and Southampton) Hatherfage (Derby) Inclofure Henheld Road (Suffix)

Henley upon Thames (Oxford) Bridge Heytefbury (Wilts) Small Debts Hides (flaying)	-	-

High Bridges (Stafford)

Hinckley (Leiccjler and Derby)

Hobmoor Lane End (York)

Horfe Hides (ufing)

Horton (Stafford) Inclofure Houghton next Walfingham (Norfolk)

Hubberfton linking (Pembroke)

Hugget P. (Sale of Eftates)

Hull C.Efq. (Exchange of Lands)

Hurftgreen (Suffix)

I.

Ideridgehay (Derby)

Imworth otherwife Imbercourt (Surrey) Inclofure Infurance Company (Dublin)

Invernefs (Bridge, Harbour)

Invernefsfhire Wington (Middlefex)

Chap.

25

100

103

1

140

45 19 V

76 14 63

68

77

p	ibNA

25

156

55

44

fil

116

37

42

99

63

39 2 5

34

141

138

.,129

iot

hi

88

71

34

10

26

7i

132

39

J39

251

>49

4

3l

J34

96

4t

IOJ

100

INDEX TO THE LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

K.

Kelfo (Roxburgh)

'Leaded Houle (Turk)

Kdyberry Bridge Devon)

K'V .Street [Kent)

Kilbourne Bridge (Middlefex)

Killingworth Farm (fettling)

Kilmarnock (Ayrefbtre) Radway King’s Lynn (Norfolk) Hufpitals Kinglton upon Hull

—-------------------(Small	Debts)

Kingfton upon Thames (Surrey) Inclofure Kinrofs

Kirk Ella (Kingf on upon 'Hull)

Kirk Smeaton (Tori) Inclofure Kirkby Lonfdale (H'ejlmorland) Inclofure Knot Crofs (Derby)

L.

Langley Mill (Derby)

Lauder (Berwick)

Le Defpencer Lord (fettling Eftates)

Lee B. Efq. (Building Leafes)

Leeds (Tcrk)

Legh, T. P. Efq (Granting Leafes)

Leighlin Bridge (Carlow)

Leominfter (Hereford) Inclofure Lewes (Sujfex) Shire Hall Little Walfingham (Norfolk)

London, Bilhop of (Leafes)

Londonderry (Harbour, Small Debts) Loudoun Countefs Exchange of Eftates) Loveftone Mountain (Pembroke)

Lufton (Hereford) Inclofure

M.

Macclesfield (Chejlcr)

Maidftone (Kent)

Manchefter (Small Debts)

--------(Infirmary)

Mansfield (Derby)

.-------(Nottingham)

Marchburn	»	-	.

Maiden (Hereford) Inclofure	-	-

Maynooth College (purchafing Lands, &c.)

Melbourne Common (Leicejler and Derby)

Melliih W. and C. Efquires (Exchange of Glebe Lands)

Merlins Bridge (Pembroke)

Middleton inTeefdale (Durham)

Milficld Burn (Northumberland)

Milford (Pembroke)	-	7o<*

--------(Surrey, Sttjpx, and Southampton)

Minera (Denbigh) Inclofure Mintlyn (Norfolk) Inclofure Moira Earl, (Exchange of Eftates)

Molefcroft (York)

Mofley, Sir O. Bart. (Granting Lands)

Chip.

112

37

66

52

100

15%

46

22

53 109 134

54 53

152

78

38

3*

112

72

123

15

120

55

148

107

39

142

135

*54

139

148

64

53

43

127

r 38

J 57

L 59 112

95 HS 10 125

r "4

\ 147

1

60

>47

138

16 35 1.54 27 127

1 * 4:

NetherTabley (CheJItr)

Nefs (Bridge)

NewChappel (Surrey)

Newcaftle under Lyne (Stafford)	a

Newington St. Mary (Surrey) Poor Newton (Cambridge) Draining Lands Northallerton (York)

Nottingham

O.

Ormonde and OfTbry, Earl, (Eftates)

Oxford (Canal)

P.

Paddington (Building Leafes)

Pancras St. (Paving)

Paul J. Efq. (Partition of Lands)

Pembroke

Pembroke Ferry (Pembroke)

Penrith (Cumberland)

Percy Crofs (Northumberland)

Pinxton Green (Nottingham)

Portrack (Durham) Navigation Poffingworth (Great Wood)	*

Poynings Common (Suffex)

Prefton (Laneajler)

Pyecomb (Suffex)

R.

Ribchefter (Lartcajler) Inclofure Ringles Crofs (Suffex)

Rifeham Edge Corner (Lincoln)

Rochelter (Kent) Small Debts Roman Catholick College at Maynooth Romford (Effex)

Rothbury (Northumberland) Inclofere Rotherham (York)

Rothley Plain (Leieejler) Inclofure r Roundav (York)	-

s.

Salford Bridge (Lancrjler)

Saint Afaph (Flint and Denbigh) Inclofure — Giles’s Pound (Middlefex)

■ M John Baptift College (Oxford) Exchange

-----Jo.hn Beverley (York) Drainage

-----Luke (Jff 'tddlefex) Pcor^

-----Mary Newington (Surrey) Poor

-----Pancras (Middlefex) Paving	'	-

-----Saviour Southwark (Surrey) Poor

Scole Bridge (Suffolk)

Scotter (Lincoln) Inclofure StHions Houfe Lewes (Suffex) rebuilding Severn Ham Meadow (Tcwkefuury) Failure of Shalldon (Devon)	-	*

INI':EX TO THE LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

Sheffield (I'cri) Court Baron Shipley (Suffix) Inclofure SJircwfbury (.Denbigh)

Simonburn Church (.Northumberland) Presentation

Skidiey (JVi) Drainage

Skins

Small. Debts, Recovery.

—<-— A 111'on under Lync (Lancaf.er) and Staylcy (Cheffer)

--------------Codiheath Hundred (Kent)

-----*----------Kinj.lton upon Hull	-

t- ■	- —-------- Londonderry (City)

---------------Mancheiter	-	**

----------------Roche (ter (Kent)

——	■-----------Strood (Kent)

---------Wcltbury, Wavminlter, Hcytelburv, and Damerham

(South Wilts)

-----------------Wolverhampton (Stafford)

Snailwell Advotvfon and Rectory South Witham (Lincoln)

Spath (Stafford)	-

Spernal Alh (Warwick)	•

Spicer J. W. Efq. (Leafes)

Stainton (Pembroke)

Stamford (Lincoln)

Stapleton Common (ruffex)

Stayley (Ckefter) Small Debts Stockton (Durham) Navigation Stone (Stafford) Inclofure Strood (Kent) Small Debts Stubbing Edge Lane (Derby)

Studley (Birmingham)

Sullington (Suffix) Inclofure Surrey (Canal)

Sutton St. Michael (Hereford) Inclofure -------St. Nicholas (Henford) Inclofure

Swiftfden

}

Chap.

103

36

67

>57

40

7i

98

50

109 13<7 43 S» ib.

88

no

140

»3

34

3°

74

>47

>>3

iox

98 48

94 S* 3s 30 3<S

99

95 ib.

68

T.

TaJcalter Bridge (Tori)

Tavernfpite (Pembroke)

Tecs River (Durham) Navigation Tenby (Pembroke)

Tervkelbury (Glocejler) rebuilding Bridge

—-—I--------------Inclofure

Thakeham (Stiffx) Inclofure Tharp John (Exchange of Advotvfon)

Thirflc (Tori)

Thurlow Lord (Sale of Eftate?)	-

Tid St. Giles (Cambridge) Drainage Tid St Mary’s (Lincoln) Drainage Tilbury Fort (Pffex)

TopclifiTe (.York)

Torquay Harbour (Devon)

Troon (Ayrffoire) Railway

Tunbridge Wells (Kent)	«

Tupton Nether Green (Derby)

26

>39

48

>39

62

*53

36

140

7

>>5

23

ib.

92

-	7

65 46

_/ 6> (. 68 38

Uttoxetcr (Stafford)

Vere J. H. (Building Leafes)

U. Sc V.

34

126

48° GEO. III.

W.

Warminfter [Wilts) Small Debts Walfingham Great and Little (Inclofure)

Waterford (Dr.Foy’s Charity)

Waterworks (Eaft London)'

Watling Street Road (Salop and Stafford)

Watlirigton ' Oxford) Inclofure Weitbury (Wilts) Small Debts Whitechapel Road (Middlefex)

Wicldewood (Norfolk) Dividing Lands	,

Winchefter (Paving)

Wirkfworth (Derby)	-	-	-

Witham Common (Lincoln)

Witham (I.innJh) Driinage and Navigation Withington (Hereford) Inclofure

Wolverhampton (Stafford) Small Debts	“	-

Wooller (Northumberland)

Woolwich (Kent) fupplying Water and erecting Market Houfe Woor (Ckejler)	-

Worcester (Canal)

Workfop (Nottingham)

Wortley (Tcrk)	-	-

Wrexham (Denbigh) Inclofure	-	-

—-------------------Road

Wrotham Heath (Kent)

Chap.

88

39

121

8

- 6S 128 88 92

2

3i

63

ioS

95

-{

no

6o

146

90 49 5& 58

91 16 67

37

■---------------:----1--------------------;-------J-------- ~ =

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s mofl Excellent Majefty, 1808.

.<!>■ •>

|r

/(

.I!!.

•»





' • ■ ■ ■* ‘ 1

< ■ • *

" : -■ : ? • ’ ’

£« *

i

i ?	■«J

V I	•

c, r

c* ' '

. T

.

« i >

i }

i j •

ta

U .

.

s’* n}I,



-

* *■ ; . .

.	<	<•	...... J .. ■■■ . '/

1	t	’	'.if/

- 'ill if

*fi	'<£-.■	!	•	*UM'

.. '.*• ■ '

k y	i"77.

.	-	”	V	*\	i	;‘ft]	SCO	-	V

.	—	\	viS&ariif	■

C< * r

'

-

- iO >	,'i	lI'Ov'KIOJ

'■■I..''	"	-	<r	-	.	;	:<: ci c.

•qK	.	'jj	vJ.'	.J	'.	i









iff#*-' •*







''**'■	-'r.*	■}	,



‘ • .. -







S

: - ■	" .V'ff
	
	
	
	
	
	











ANNO REGNI

G E O R G 11 HI,

Britanmarum Regis,

QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO.

At the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Twenty-second Day of June, Anno Domini 1807, in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith :

And from thence continued, by feveral Prorogations, to the Twenty-firft Day of Jayiuary 1808, being the SECOND SESSION Of the FOURTH PARLIAMENT of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

LONDON:

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent JVxajesty. ioo3.

OVATOQ f* M WO0, ft A " P 07







#«*»*! v ; •. -r**- - •	■	•	.	* •	•	»*	•»'	.	.	-•	•

, >( <J

'

•• snijKjv* 10)	i.i	^	■' • .	r>\

■■ -A^vrt tii (ttav^&Wl©nm- C ari me;: avti s-£j t£Y baU^Nrfiulobnl waVI aHi m s is> aiij.oa boc jWsAWK?	\tvu& 'io xili ieU ad:, ni

3jdj_iii .fijyrf'i	<>j moibwrb xbfieiH a

[ . 8c	rta	t	i	]

■

iiisoi" sgntfi ■: ‘.l£ i.S ,^^l3(f^	<!»]'>tq ?irl '	\f\

ifj ’, ■■M :«tH yri- tiio^ gnlfcl|>l I *c*M v- f* r .i.cqrH c; > -

tP\; V- !. f. y T(!!f. . -.'h	,34*K^ ' Ml ' '''uVv'f +>r '	•■' ' i-' -V

) »jt icsii	sdJ bs.1o ••• -u:tr,f:»i? td •.!•.*i- i*i *•■.*:

.

tofl jrf) ifi5n ■ >: ficoil fcy.'. irlt • r. ifpsw ‘ - ( /I’fdO

■

'

'

tUI iii 9Dfitiflti»| oi Hns'ooftiv	!Mioitjr	«i	nbadjj

■

no ' io £{jj, 8 jIr1j.T3|bjlnoilsri'/»l i-^WnoM i-«r ,:•	4»

la.	.	I	-jA’i	ialiV!	......v ' i.

« '



ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

******************************************************

Cap. i.

An A£t to continue and amend an Adt of theThirty-fecond Year of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Middleton, in Teefdale, to the Gate in the New Inclofures called The Edge, in the Parifli of Saint Andrews Auckland; and a Branch therefrom to Egglejlon Bridge, in the County of Durham.	[nth	March	1808.]

WHEREAS by an Aft made in the Thirty-fecond Year of the jiG. 3 Reign of His prefent Majefty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Hoodgate at the Weft End of the Town of Middleton in Teefdale, in the County of Durham, to the Gate in the New Inclofures called the Edge, near the Collieries called Weft Pitts, in the Parifli of Saint Andrews Auckland, in the lame County, and alfo a Branch from the faid Road at or near the Head of the Town of Egglejlon to Egglejlon Bridge over the River Tees, feveral Tolls and Duties were granted and made payable, and divers Powers and Authorities were given for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the faid Road ; which faid Aft was to have continuance for the Term of Years therein mentioned : And whereas by virtue and in purfuance of the faid recited Aft, the Truftees appointed to put the fame in Execution, have proceeded therein, and borrowed feveral confiderable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls and Duties thereby granted; and the Money fo borrowed ftill remains due and cannot be repaid, nor can the faid Roads be effeftually amended, unlcfs the Tolls and Powers granted by the faid [Loe. b Per.]	A	2	A	ft

c. 117.

4

Former Aft continued.

Former Tolls to ceafe.

New Tolls.

4b0 GEORGII III. Cap. i.

Aft be enlarged, altered,, and continued for a further Term : May it therefore pieafe Your Majeity that it may be enafted 7 and be it enafted by the King’s mod Excellent Majedy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords' Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent ParliamJpf afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the faid recited'Aft paffed in the Thlrty-fecond Year of the Reigfi of His prefent Majedy and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, Exemptions, and Provifions therein contained1 (except fo far as the fame are hereby enlarged, altered or repealed), and alfo the Powershnd Provifions in this Aft contained /hall be and continue in full force and effeft for and during the Term hereinafter mentioned, which faid Term hereby granted fhall be and is hereby declared to be fubjeft and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing upon Credit of the faid Aft, and of fuch Sum or Sums of Money as fhall be borrowed for the Purpofes of this Aft, and of all Intcrefl due and to grow due for the fame refpeftiveiy.

II.	And be it further enafted, That, from and after the Twelfth Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and eight, the feveral Tolls and Duties granted and made payable by the faid recited Aft fhall ceafe and be no longer paid ; and that in lieu thereof there fhall be demanded, received, and taken from thenceforth, during the Continuance of this Aft, the feveral Tolls and Duties herein-after mentioned, that is to fay;

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaife, Calafh, Curricle, or Hearfe, drawn by Five, Six, or more Horfes, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Two Shillings:

And for every fuch Carriage drawn by Three or Four Horfes, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of One Shilling and Four-pence:

And for every fuch Carriage drawn by Two Horfes, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Eight-pence :

And for every fuch Carriage or Chair, or other fuch Two-wheeled Carriage, drawn by One Horfe, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the : um of Sixpence :

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other fuch Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of all the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Nine Inches or more, and fo flat cr level as not to deviate more than Half an Inch from a, flat Surface, and having the interior Diameter of each Wheel not deviating from the exterior Diameter thereof more than One-f:;ith Part of the Breadth of the Sole or Bottom of the Felly, and drawn by Eight Horfes or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

And drawn by Seven Horfes or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Three pence :

And drawn by Six Horfes or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling :

And drawn by Five Horfes or other Beads of Draught, the Suin of Nine-pence :

And drawn by Four Horfes or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of Eight-pence:

And drawn by Three Horfes or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence •

And

9

5

4-S8 GEORGII III, Cap.r.

And drawn by Two Horfes or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Three-pence Halfpenny:

And drawn by One Horfe or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of One-penny Halfpenny:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other fuch Carriage having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of all the Wheels 'thereof of the Breadth of Six Inches or more, and lb flat or level as not to deviate more than -Half an Inch from a flat Surface, and having the interior Diameter of each Wheel riot deviating from the exterior Diameter thereof more than One-fixth Part of the Breadth of the Sole or Bottom of the Felly, and drawn by Eight Horfes or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Nine-pence:

And' drawn by Seven Horfes or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

And drawn by Six Horfes or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence:

And drawn by Five Horfes or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling :

And drawn by Four Horfes or Other Beads of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence:

And drawn by Three Horfes or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of Seven-pence:

And drawn by Two Horfes or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence:

And drawn by One Horfe or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Twopence :

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other fuel! Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of any of the Wheels thereof of lefs Breadth than Six Inches, or debating more than Half an Inch from a flat Surface, or having the Interior Diameter of any' Wheel 'deviating from the exterior Diameter thereof, more than One-fixth Part of the Breadth of the Sole or Bottom of the Felly, and drawn by Eight Horfes or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings:

And drawn bv Seven Horfes or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Nine pence :

And drawn by Six Horfes or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

And drawn by Five Horfes or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence:

And drawn by Four Horfes or other Bealls of Draught, the fum of One Shilling:

And drawn by Three Horfes or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of Fight-pence:

And drawn by Two Horfes or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

And drawn by. One Horfe or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Two, pence Halfpenny :	,	*

For every Horfe, Marej Gelding, Mule or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny :

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Five-pence the Score, and fo in Proportion for a greater or lefs Number:

[Lee. & Per.]	B

For

To be recovered and applied in the lame Manner as the former Tolls.

TvemptionJ from Tolls.

48°GEORGlI III. Cap, i.

Fof every Drove of Calves, Hods, Goats, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Three-pence per Score, and fo in proportion for a greater or lefs Number, when the fame exceeds Five.

Which faid Tolls and Duties in and by this Aft granted and made payable as aforefaid, fhall be and are hereby veiled in the Truilecs for the Time being for carrying the faid recited Aft and this Aft into Execution, and fhall be paid, received, and taken at the Toll Bar or Toll Bars erefted or to be crefted upon or on the Side of the faid Roads, in fuch Manner, and fhall be paid, levied, applied, difpofed of, and afligned for fuch Ufes and Purposes, and in fuch Manner, as the Tolls and Duties granted by the faid recited Aft are thereby authorized and direfted to be received, paiJ, levied, applied, difpofed of, and afligned, except as by this Aft is otherwife direfted.

III.	And be it further enafted. That all and every Exemption or Exemptions from the feveral Tolls and Duties granted and made payable by the faid recited Aft, fhall ccafe and be no longer allowed, and that in lieu thereof the feveral Exemptions from Tolls herein-after mentioned fhall be allowed, that is to fay; That no Tolls fhall be demanded or taken for any Horfe or Carriage palling through any of the Turnpike Bars erefted upon or on the Side of the faid Roads, carrying or conveying Stone, Bricks, Lime, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials to be ufed on or about the faid Roads, or for the repairing any Highways in the Parifhes, Townfhips, Diftrifts, or Places, which are liable to perform Statute Duty upon any Part of the faid Roads, nor returning Empty when fo employed ; nor carrying or conveying Hay, Corn in the Straw, or other Produce of the Lands lying within the faid Parifhes, Townfhips, Diftrifts, or Places, to be laid up in the Houfes, Outhoufes, Barns, or Yards, be'unging to the Inhabitants of and fituate within the faid Parifhes, Townfhips, Diftrifts, or Places ; nor any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Hufbandry, to be ufed in the Cultivation of fuch Lands; nor any Lime or Manure which fhall be brought from the faid Parifhes, Townfhips, Diltrifts, or Places', to be ufed or laid upon Lands within the fame ; nor returning Empty when fo employed; nor fhall any Toll be paid by any Reftor or officiatingMiniftcr of, or otherl’erfonor Perfons refiding in, the faid Parifhes, Townfnipe, Diftrifts, or I lacc6, who fhall pafs through the laid Turnpike Bars to or from Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worfhip ; or who fhall attend the Funeral of any Perfon or Perfons who (hall die and Reburied in any of the faid Parifhes, Townfhips, Diftrifts, or Places, nor for any Hones, Mares, Geldings, Mules, Atles, or Cattle, which are kept within fuch Parifhes. Townfhips, Diftrifts, or Places, going to or returning trom Work in cultivating the Lands within the fame ; nor for any Horfes, Mares, Geldings, Mules, Affes, Cattle, Sheep, Lambs, Goats, vr Hogs, which are to be kept within the faid Parifhes, Townfhips, Diftrifts, or Places, going to or returning from Pafture, the Commons or other

f;raxing. Grounds, or Watering Places or Blackfmiths Shops within the a me ; of in bringing Peats, Turf, or Heather from off the Moors belonging

gthc.fi.: i a: for the Ufe of the Inhabitants thereof; nor’.for any Horfes or arriages ofwhatfoever Defcription employed or to be employed in con-yeying the,Mails of-Letters and Exprcfles under the Authority of His Majefty’s Poft Mailer General either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding the fame, or in returning back from conveying the fame, 9	or

7

4.8° GEORGII III.	Cap.'i.

or for the Horfes of Soldiers on the March, or on Duty, or Carriages, or Horfes, or other Beads, employed in carrying the Arms or Baggage of fuch Soldiers, or for any Horfe, Mare, or Gelding, furnifhed by, or for any Perfon belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercife, provided fuch Perfons are in the Uniform of their refpective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps refpeftively, at the Time of claiming fuch Exemption, or for any Carriage, Horfe, or other Bead, employed in the conveyance of Vagrants travelling with legal Paffes, or travelling with Vagrants lent by legal Pades; nor for any Horfe, or Carriage going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to ferve in Parliament for the faid County of Durham, on the Day or Days of fuch Eleftion or on the Day before or Day after fuch Election Ihall begin or be concluded ; and if any Perfon fhall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforefaid, not being entitled thereto, every fuch Perfon Ihall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Fifty Shillings.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall with To prevent any Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Cattle, Goats, Sheep, Lambs, ^[J'ns thc Hogs, or Carriage whatfoever, pafsover any unindofed Ground or Common

near any Gate or Turnpike Bar erefted or to be erefted upon or on the Side of the faid Roads, whereby the Payment of the faid Tolls or any Part thereof fhall be avoided, every Perfon fo offending fhall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, One Moiety whereof fhall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the othei- Moiety Ilia 11 be paid to the Treafurer of the faid Truftees,. and be applied fo? the Purpofes of this

a ft.

V.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Truftees or any Five or be”re£ted*for more of them, fhall have full Power and Authority to make or erect, or that rurpofc. caufe to be made, erefted, repaired, and maintained, any Ditch, Wall,

or other Fence acrofs or upon any Moor, Wafte, or Common Lands, to prevent the Evafion of the faid Tolls ; and the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to bring or caufe to be brought any Aftion or Aftions, in the Name of their Clerk for the Time being, or to prefer or order the preferring of an Indictment or Indiftments agairil any Perfon or Perfons who fhall injure, pull down, ordeftroy the fame.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That fo much of the faid recited Act Regulations as relates to the Performance of Statute Labour on the faid Road fhall be form ante of1"" and the fame is hereby repealed, and that all Perfons who by Law are or Statute outy. fhall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or fhall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the Roads comprized in the faid recited Aft, or

any Part thereof, fhall Hill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore, and it fhall be lawful for any Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Durham, and they are hereby required and empowered upon Application made to them by the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, or by their Treafurer, Clerk, or Surveyor by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work fhall every Year be done upon the faid Roads by the Inhabitants of the

refpeftive

4.8’ GEORG! I III. Cap. I.

refpe&ive Parifhes or Places in which the laid Roads lie, and alio what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor, or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch Parifh or Place in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, (hall be by him, her, or them paid to the faid Truftees or to tlieir Treafurer or Treafurer® ; and in order thereunto it (hall be lawful for fuch Juftices from Time to Time to fummon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch Parifh or Place to bring in Lifts before fueh Juftices at fome Place to be exprefled in fuch Summons (within Ten Days after the ferving of fuch Summons) of the Names of the feveral Perfons who within fuch Parifh or Place are by Law fubject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work,, diftinguifhing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or othervvife, and alfo the Amount of the refpeftive Sums to. be paid, which Lifts of Names fhall be made in fuch Manner and under fuch Regulations and Reftrictions as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repairs of thePublick Highways; and oat of fuch Lifts the faid Juftices fhall and may allot, appoint, and order fuch and fo many of the Perfons who fhall appear fubjeff and liable to Statute Work as aforefaid, to do fuch Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the faid Roads as the faid Juftices fhall think reafonable, and the fame fhall be done on fuch Days and at fuch Times (not being Kaytime or Harveft) and on fuch Parts of the faid Roads as the faid Truftees or their Surveyor or Surveyors fhall fcom Time.to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the faid Juftices fhall and may alfo order and direct the Perfons who by fuch Lifts fhall appear to be fubjeSt and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu oFor as a Compofition for Statute Work as aforefaid, to pay fuch Proportion thereof as the faid Juftices fha.ll think proper to the faid Truftees or their Treafurer, at fuch Time or Times as the faid Juftices fhall direct, and in Default of Payment thereof, the fame fhall and may be recovered byDiftrefsand Sale of the Goods and Chattels or.ihe refpe&tve Perfons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the faid recited Aft authorized or directed to be recovered, and each and every Perfon who fhall neglect or refufe to do fitch Statute Work as aforefaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them at his, her, or their ufual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpofe by any Surveyor fo the faid Truftees, (hall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horfe or Hones, Beaft-or Beafts, to .be provided by hint, her, orthem, be fubjeft and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as fuch Perfon or perfons may be fobject or lia'bh? to by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repair of the pivblick Highways; and if any Perfon who fhall come to work as a Labourer, or fhall be featwiA any Team or Draught to work on the faid Roads fhall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor,to the laid Truftees, fuck Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and difmifs the Petlbn who fhall be found idle or negligent as aforefaid, and in that Cafe every fuch Perfon fhall be tubjelt and liable to the refpedive Forfeitures and Payments aforefaid, as if he had neglected or refufed to come, or fuch Team or Draught had not been fent to work on any Part of the faid Roads, all which Forfeitures fhall be paid to the Treafurer to the faid Truftees, and applied towards amending the faid Roads; and in cafe the faid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any <?f the faid Paxifhes or Places, fhall refufe or wilfully neglect to give

9

4-8° GEORG 11 III. Cap.i.

in filch Lifts as aforefaid, or (hall knowingly and wilfully give in falfe or imperfect Lifts, every fuch Surveyor fo offending (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That if any Leffee of the Tolls to be How Poflef-demanded and taken by virtue of this Ad, or any Gatekeeper, (hall refufe to deliver up Poffeftion of any Turnpike Gateor Toll Houfe ereded or to be recovered be ereded upon or on the Side of the faid Roads, after the Expiration of his Leafe, or after Non-payment of Rent for Ten Days after Demand thereof.

One Juftice may by his Warrant order a Conftable, with fuch Afliftanee as Jhall be neceffary, to enter the Toll Houle and Premifcs in the Day Time, and remove the Perfons who (hall be found therein, together with their Goods, out of fuch Houfe.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That any Leafe or Demife of the Tolls Leafe ef now fubfifting and unexpired (hall ceafe, determine, and become void on the Twelfth Day of May One t'noufand eight hundred and eight; Provided neverthelefs. That the Tuftees for carrying this Ad into Effed, or any Five or more of them, may and they are hereby authorized to renew or continue any Leafe or Demife of the faid Tolls to any Perfon or Perfons holding the fame, for and during the then unexpired Term granted by the fame, on fuch Conditions as (hall be agreed upon.

IX.	And be it further enaded. That if any Money (hall be agreed or Application affeffed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchafed, taken or ufed by virtue of the faid recited Ad or this Ad, which (hall amounting to belong to any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggre- *°o1, gate or Sole, Feoffees in Trull, Guardians, Committees, Truftees, Femes Covert, or other incapacitated Ferfon or Perfons, fuch Money (hall if the fame amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account Ex parte the Truftees for executing this Ad, to the Intent that fuch Money (hall be paid under the Diredion and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe ofthe Land Tax, or Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrance or Part thereof as the faid Court (hall authorize to be paid, affeding the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affeding other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

(landing fettled to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents, or Purpofes, or where fuch Money fhall not be fo applied, then the fame (hall be laid out and inverted under the like Diredion and Approbation of the faid Court in the Purchafe of other Meffuages, Lands, Tenements,. or Hereditaments, which (hall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trulls, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Hereditaments which (hall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement (hall be exifting undetermined, and capable of taking effed ; and in the mean Time and until fuch Purchafe (hall be made, the faid Money (hall by order of the Court of Chancery, upon Ap-[Lcc. & Per.]	C	plication

to

Application when the Com pen fat; on is lei's than aool. and exceeds »cl.

Application when the Money is lets than 20I,

In cafe of not making out Titles.

4o° GEORGlI III. Cap. r.

plication thereto, be invefted by the faid Accountant General in his Name in the Purchafe of Three per Centum Confoiidated or Three per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, and in the mean Time and until the faid Bank Annuities fhall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the faid Confoiidated or Reduced Bank Annuities fhall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the faid Court, to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the 'l ime being' have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of die faid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments fo hereby directed to be purchafed, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if any Money fo agreed or affeffed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchafed, taken, or nfed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging to any Body Politic, or to any Perfon or Perfons under any Difability or Inca-paciiy as aforefaid, Aral 1 be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and fhall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpeftive Hands, be paid into the Bank of Eng'and, in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed ; or otherwife the fame fhall be paid at the like Option to Two Truftees to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Three or more of the faid Truftees for executing this Aft (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that fuch Principal Money and the Dividends arifing thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before direfted, fo far as the Cafe fhall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direftion or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That when fuch Money fo agreed or affefied to be paid as hereinbefore mentioned, fhall be lefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes of the faid recited Aft or this Aft, in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees or any Three or more of them fhall think fit; or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpeftivcly.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money fhall be awarded or afleffed for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed by virtue of this Aft, fhall rel’ufe to accept the fame, or fhall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes to the Satisfaftion of the faid Truftees, or in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money fhall be fo awarded or affefied as aforefaid cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled

to

4&° GEORGII III. Cap. i.

to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or difcovsred, then and in every fuch Cafe it fit all be lawful for the faid Truflees to order the Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded or affeffed as aforefaid to be paid into the Bank c f England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parlies interefted in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (deferibing them) fubje& to the Order, Controul, and Difpofition of the faid Court of Chancery; which faid Court on the Application of any Perfon or Perfojjs making claim to fuch Sutn or Sums of Money or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, fhall be and is hereby empowered in a funnnary Way of Proceeding or otherwife, as to t tie fame Court fhall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inveltpd in the Publick Funds, and to order Diftribution thereof or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpedive Eftate or Mates, Title or Intereft, of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in thePremifes as to the faid Court fhall feem juft and reafonable; and the Cafhier or Cadders of the Bank of England, who fhall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are herebyjrequired to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for wliofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall pay any fuch Sum or Sums into the Bank as aforefaid.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Queflion fhall aril'e touching the Title of any Perfon or Perfons to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of this Act, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Eftate, Right or Intereft in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed in purfuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or to the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon nr Perfons who fhall have been in Polfeflion of fuch Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Polfeflion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, fhall be deemed and taken to be lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments according to fuch Poffeflion, until the contrary fhall be fhewn to the Satif-faction of the laid Court of Chancery ; and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, fliall be paid, applied, and dil pofed of accordingly, unlefs i: fhall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Poffeflion was a wrongful Poffeflion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein.

XIV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That where by reafon of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed under the Authority of this Aft, the Purchafe Money for the fame fliall be required to be paid into the faid Court, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands or Hereditaments to be fettled to the like Ufes in purfuance of this Ad, it fliall be lawful for the faid Court to order the F.xpences of all Pur-chafes from i'ime to Time to be made in purfuance of this Ad, or fo much

4	of

Perfons in Poffeflion fliall be deemed well entitled unless the contrary be fhewn.

The Court may order reafonable Expences of Pnrchafes to be paid by Truftees.

Expences of the Aft.

PublickAct.

Commencement and Continuance of the Act.

4S#GEORGII III. Cap. i.

of fuch Expences as the Court lhall deem reafonable, together with the neceffary Coils and Charges of obtaining fuch Order, to be paid by the laid Truilees, who ihall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court ihall direct.

XV.	And be it further enafted, That the Expences of obtaining and pafling this Aft, together with legal Intereil for Money advanced by any Perfon or Perfons for that Purpofe, ihall be paid out of the firil Money to be raifed by virtue of the faid recited Aft and of this Aft, or either of them.

XVI.	And be it further enafted. That this Aft ihall be deemed, and taken to be a Publick Aft, and ihall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juitices, and others without being fpecially pleaded.

XVII.	And be it further enafted. That this Aft ihall commence upon the Day the fame ihall receive the Royal Aifent, and ihall continue in force for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Sefiion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moil Excellent Majcity. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

•*******4^*******************************«it***t*******

Cap. 2.

An A& for amending and enlarging the Powers ofan A A • of His prefent Majefty, for paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching the Streets and public Paflages in the City of Winchejler, and feveral Parifhes in the Suburbs thereof; and for removing and preventing Nuifances therein.	[i	ithMarch 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act was pafied in the Eleventh Year of the

Reign of His prtfent Majefty, intituled. An Aft for the letter Aft u G.3. paving, repairing, cleaning, lighting, and watching the Streets c,9* end other public Poff ages within the City of Winchtfter, and aifo within the feveral Parifhes of Saint Bartholomew Hide, Saint John’s in the Soke,

Saint Peters Cheefchill, S tint Swithin, and Saint Michael in the Weft Soke, in the Suburbs of the faid City ; end for preventing Nuifances and Annoyances therein, and for widening and rendering the fame more commodious : And whereas fuch Part only of the Parilh of Saint Thomas as is fituate within the Liberties of the faid City is comprized in the faid recited Adi, and it is expedient that the Powers of the faid A& and this Adi Ihould be extended over the Whole of the faid Parilh : And whereas the Powers and Provifions of the faid recited Adi have been found in fome refpedts in-l'ufficient, and it is neceftary that the fame Ihould be altered and amended, and further Powers granted : May it therefore plcafe Your Majefty,

That it may be enadled i and be it enadled by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and [Loc. & Per.~\	D	Temporal,



Former Ail to remain ill force.

Commiffion-

trJ.

48° GEORG1I 111. Cap. u

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament alfembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the laid recited Aft, and all and every the Matters, Powers, Authorities, Privileges, Provifiuns, Articles, Rules, Penalties, and Claufes therein contained (except fo much thereof as relates to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and except fo far as the fame are not hereby varied, altered, or repealed) lhall be and continue in full Force and EtFeft, to all Intehts and Purpofcs, as if the fame were repeated and re.-natted in the Body of this Ait 1 and lhall, together w.th the Powers and Authorities hereby granted, extend to that Part of the Parifh of Saint Thomas fituated beyond the Liberties of the faid Cttv, in fuch and the like Manner, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame had been included in the faid reeited Aft.

II. And be it further enabled, That the Mayor, Recorder, and Aldermen of

the City of H'ihchejlef for the Time being, George Anderfon, William Fleet-wood Bury, Jofbua Brookman, 'James Brookman, Thomas Wooljloncroft Bower, John Blake, Robert Bayefpole, James Bale, Jofepb Charker, John Comp ten. Mat tin iv Cape, Jmts Coates, William Cave, William Cave the younger, John Gave, Grrvfge William Chard, John Downes, John Dowling, Thomas Dowling, Thomas Deane, William Druitt, Daniel Dipnall, Jofepb Dewell, Samuel Deverell, John Dofwell, Henry Doller, John Earle, William Earle, George Earle, John Navajtre Earle, Get rye heacbem, William Faithful!, John Faithfull, William Goater, Harry Green, Reverend Doit01 Goddard, William Gauntlett, Chrijlopbtr Gaunt hit, George Hollis, William Hajkoll, John Hughes, Richard Hopkins, Thomas Hayes, George Hayes, William Hutchinfon, Charles Hill, Bryant Wickham Holloway, Reverend John Hopkins, Hairy Rewi nd Harley, Peter Jones, Robert jcfelt, William Jacob, William Knapp, Peter Kerby, William Kernvt, Henry Lucas, Reverend Harry Lee, John Littlehs/es Debtor of Medicine, Giles King Eyford, George Malkin, Thumas Mufpratt, jefon Mean, GdbrielMtmdy, Robert Moody, Reverend William Hill Neiabo/t, Thomas tteietfn; John Paul, Robert Peaty, Timothy Denham Rirtnock,Nitin>.as, Pyle, Robert Pickering, George Rogers, William Rogers, Robert Rogers, Re'Oefetid ChaYlis Richards, James Robbins, John Shenton, William Shr*ten, Thoitas WalterSuilb, JebtoSnitb, Robert Sear/e, Reverend Henry Sifmore, John Stabingicn JThcmts'itokes, Richard HallTombs, AntbonyTcid,TboauuVi*n,Jokn Jpbiie, William Nicholas Wickham, Richard Wooldridge, Thomas Wooldridge, Charles Woolarhlgc, James Watkins, Janies Woollf, Edward Woods, Reverend NiiholasWef combe, Charles Wright, NicholasWailer, CbarlesWdls, Reverend John WaJbtfigton, Henry Woodward, Joint Woodward, Rstvevaa^Thomas Watkins, John Willis, William Young, John Young, James Yeung, and their Suc-TtfforS, lhall be and they are beitby appointed Commiilioners for carrying this Aft and the faid recited Aft into Execution; fuch Commiffioners being rClpeftively duly qualified, and taking and fubferibing the Oath or AfiirWiation, in the Words or to the Purport herein-afttr mentioned and rcqtiiied j and in cafe of the Death of any of the above Commiilioners, Or fofhe or one of them, or of removing their Refidence from the laid City hhd Parishes aforefaid, or of their Refold 1 or Neglect to aft for the Space of O.ie whole Year, cr in cafe either of them Until be chofen Mayor or Alderman for the laid City, it (hall and may be lawful Tor The furviving CommifTioners, or any Nine or more of them, from Time To Time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to deft iome other Pcrfon qualified in the Manner after-mentioned, in the Place or Stead of the Commiffioner fo dying, removing, neglefting, or refusing

] to

48°GEORGI I III. Cap. 2.	tj

to aft, or being chnfen Mayor or Alderman, Ten Days Notice of the Time and P.ace of Meeting tor every foch Eleftion being given ip Wifo ing, figned by the Clerk to the faid Commiflioners for the Time being, and affixed to fome public Place within the faid City; and every Perfon fo elefted, (hall from the Time of his Eleftion have the fame Power and Authority for putting this Aft into Execution, as if he had been exprefsiy named and appointed a Commiffioner by this Aft.

III. And be it further enafted. That no Perfon (hall be capable of Qualification afting as a Commiffioner in any Cafe in the Execution of the faid Aft or fionei*TmU' this Aft, who ffiall not in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, be in the aftual Poffcffion, Enjoyment, and Receipt of the Rents ana Profits of Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, firuats within the faid City, or the Suburbs thereof, of the clear yearly Valuf of Twenty Pounds (above Rcprifes and Incumbrances), or pcffified of fuch Eftate or Eftates as laft mentioned, and a Perfonai Eftate jointly, or a Perfonai Eftate alone, to the Amount or Value of One thoufaod Pounds over and above the Amount of his Debts ; nor (ball any Perfon be capable of afting as a Commiffioner in the Execution of the faid Adf or this Aft, except in adminiftering the Oath or Affirmation to the Prefident of the Firft Meeting, until he (hall have taken and fobferjbed, before One or more of the faid Commiflioners, (who is apd jire hereby empowered to adminifter die fame), an Oath or Affirmation'in the Word* or to the Effeft following:

* T A.B. do fwear, [or, being one of the People called ^uakerst do °*th-

* -*■ lolemnly declare and affirm]. That I am really and bend fide, in my

*	own Right, [or, in the Right of my Wife, as the Caje may he], now in ‘ the aftual PofleffioQ, Enjoyment, and Receipt of the Rents and Profits « of Mefiunges, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fittute within « the City of Wit/ehefier, or the Suburbs thereof, [as the Cafe may be]

*	of the clear yeajly Value ofTwenty Pounds above Reprizes and Incum-‘ brances; or polftfied of fuch Eftate or Eftates as laft mentioned, and ‘ a Perfonai Eftate jointly, or a Perfonai Eftate alone, to the Amount or

*	Value of One thoi fand Pounds over and above what will pay all my

*	juft Debts; and that I will truly and impartially, according to the belt

*	of my Skill and Judgement, execute and perform all and every the « Powers and Authorities repofid in me as a Commiffioner by virtue of « Two Aft', palled in the Eleventh and Foity-eighth Years of the ‘ Reign of His Majcfty King George the Third, intituled, [here fit forth

*	the Titles of the Adds.]

* So help me GOD.’

And if any Perfon not qualified in Manner herein-before mentioned to 9ft Penalty on as a Commiffioner, (hall prefume to aft as fuch in the Execution of the oSuiSed.a-Powers hereby and by the faid . Aft given, or any of them, every luch Per- ing as Com-fon ffiall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, rrum°n'f‘-to be recovered, on the Information or Profecution of any Perfon or Per-fons whomfoever, with full Cofts of Suit, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at IVefiminfitr, by Aftion of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill,

Suir, or Information, wherein no Effoign, Proreftion, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance (ball be allowed, and every Perfon fo lued or prolecuted ffiall prove thac he was, at the Time of afting, qualified as akirefaid, or other wile ffiall pay the faid Penalty, without any

other

lb	48* GEORG1I III. Cap. 2.

Other Proof or Evidence being given on the Part of the Plaintiff or Profe* cutor than that fuch Perfon had aCtcd as a Commiflioner in the Execution of the faid Aft and this Aft, and the Money fo to be recovered (hall, after Payment of the Coffs and Expences attending the Recovery thereof, be paid as follows (that is to fay), One Moiety thereof to the Informer or Profccutor, and the other Moiety thereof to the Treafurerto be appointed by virtue of tne laid Aft and this Aft, to be by him applied to the Pur-pofes thereof, and in cafe any Commiffioner for the Time being (except the Mayor, Recorder, and Aldermen of the faid City for the Time being) fhall refufe or negleft to aft in the Execution of the faid recited Ad and this Act, at any Time for the Space of One whole Year, then the Office of fuch CommilTioner fo refufing or negkding to ad lhall become void to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, as if he were adually dead.

CuTfe in fV. And whereas it is' by the faid recited Ad enaded, that the Com-

i^Geo!*. c.9. niiflioners, or any Seven or more of them, Ihould at any Meeting make, vary, alter, or make void, any Orders, Rules, or Regulations, provided that no Order, Rule, or Regulation, Ihould be revoked, altered, or made void, unlefs the Commiffioners ptefent to revoke, vary, alter, or make void the fame, fhould exceed in Number the Commiffioners who were prefertt and concurred in making fuch Order, Rule, or Regulation : And whereas the faid Provifion has been found inconvenient; be it therefore enaded. That fo much of the faid recited Ad lhall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

N© Order to be revoked unlefs the Number of ConmilHon-ers that made the Order be prefent.

V. And bejit further enaded, That no Order made by the faid CommiR fioners lhall be revoked or altered at any fubfequent Meeting, unlefs at fome Meeting to be holden for that exprels Purpofe, nor unlefs Notice fpecifying the Revocation or Alteration intended to be made, figned by the Commiffioners defiring fuch Revocation or Alteration, be inferred in fome public Newfpapcr ulually circulated in the faid City, and alfo affixed on the Door of the Guildhall within the faid City, Ten Days at the lead previous to the Day of holding fuch Meeting, (exclufive of the Day of giving fuch Notice, and the Day of fuch intended Meeting,) ner unlefs a greater Number of Commiffioners lhall attend at fuch Meeting to revoke or alter fuch Order than were prefent when the fame was made, nor unlefs Four Fifths of the Commiffioners prefent lhall concur in fuch Revocation or Alteration.

Repeal of Fart VI. And whereas by the faid recited ACt Power is given to the Commif. •f Act fioners, or any Nine or more of them, to appoint Treafurers and other uGeo.3. Officers, and difplace them and appoint others in their Room, to take Security from fuch Treafurers and Officers, and make them Allowances fur their Trouble; and the faid Treafurers and Officers are directed to account to the faid Commiffioners, or any Nine of them ; and the faid Commiffioners, or any Eleven of them, arc authorized to difplace any Treafurer or other Officer, and appoint others in their Stead; and certain Provifions are thereby made for accounting for Money received by fuch Treafurets and Officers, fur recovering the Balances in their Hands, and delivering up Books and Papers belonging to the Commiffioners: And whereas no Period is thereby fixed at which the Treafurers or other Officers fhould deliver in their Accounts to the faid CommiffionersAnd whereas it has been found impracticable to obtain the Attendance of a Sufficient

Number

r7

48° GEORG 11 HI. Cap. 2,

Number cf Commiffioners to carry the faid recited Claufe into Execution ; he it therefore enaded, That fo much ot the laid recited Ad ffidi be and the Erne is heteby repealed.

Vil. And be it further enacted, That it fhal! and may be lawful to and ForAppoint-for the laid Cotnmifliuners, or any Seven or more of them, from Time Jffi'cu. to Time to eled and appoint a Trealurrr and a Clerk, and alfo One or more Afieffor or Alfi-iTors, Colledor or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers of the Rates or AffefTments, to be rjifed and levied by virtue of the faid Ad and this Act, and alio a Surveyor or Surveyors, and fuch or fo many other Officers as they (ball find neceflary for the Execution of the faid Act and this Ad ; and the faid Commiffioners, or any Seven or more of them,

(ball take from every fuch Treafurer, Colledor, and Receiver, fuch Security as they (hall think proper, for the due Execution of his Office ; apd it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, or any Nine or more of them, from Time to Time to remove, fufpend, or displace all or any of fuch Officers as they fhall fee Occafion, and appoint another or others in the Room or Place of fuch of them as (hall be to removed, lulpended, or difplaced, and alfo in the Room of fuch as (hall die or refign their refpedive Offices, and alfo from Time to Time by and out of the Monies to be raifed by virtue of the faid Ad and of this Ad, to appoint and pay fuch Salaries, Gratuities, and Allowances, to the re-lpcd‘Ve Officers and to all other Perfons who fhall be employed by them the ('aid Commiffioners in the Execution of the faid Ad and this Ad as they fliall jpdge reafonable or proper •, and all fuch Officers fo to be ap. pointed as aforefaid, fhall, under their Hands at fuch Time and Times and in fuch Manner as the faid Corarrpffioners or any Seven or more of them fhsll dited, deliver to the laid Commiffioners, onany Seven or more of them, or to fuch Pcrfon or Perfons as they fhall appoint, true ami ptrfed Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Thitigj committed to their Charge by virtue of the laid Ad and this Ad j. and alfo of all Monies ythich (hall have been by fuch Officers and Perfans refpedively received by virtue or for the Purpofes of the faid Ad and this Ad, and how much {hereof bath or have been paid and difburfed,. and for what Purpofes, to* gether with the proper and legal Receipts or Vouchers for fuch Payments and pilburfements, and fhall pay all fuch Monies as fhall remain in their relpeitive Hands to the fajd Commiflioners, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they (hall appoint to receive the fame; and all the faid Officers and Perfons tefpedivtly, fhall at the firft General Meeting of the Commiffioners irf the Month qf fybruary yearly (although not thereunto required by the (aid Commiffioners) lay their rCfptidive Accounts before the faid Com* puffioners, or any Seven or mote of them, in order that the fame may be audited, pa (Ed, and allowed Uy them, if approved of; ami all the faid Officers and Perfons refpedively fo accounting as atoreiaid, fhall upon Oath (which Oath any Two or more of the faid Commiffioners are hereby empowered to adminifter) vetify their faid refpedive Accounts; and if any fuch Office* or Perfop Ihall pot make and render, or fhall refufe to verify upon Qah any fuch, Account, or to pruduce or deliver up the Receipts or. Vouchers relating to the fame, or to make fuch Payment as aforefaid, or fhall not deliver to the faid Commiffioners, or any Seven or more of them, or to fuch Pcrfon qr Pet(qns as they fhall appoint within Eight Days after being fhereunro required by fuch Commiffioners, all Books,

Papers, and Writings in his or their Cuftody or Power relating to the f£04-Ss5 Per.]	E	Execution

i8	4S°GEORGII	III. Gap. 2.

Execution of the laid Aft and this Act, or give Satisfaction to thtf laid Commiflioners, or any Seven or more of them, refpefting the fame, or lhall reiuie or neo|tft to pay fuch Monies as upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts fhall appear to be in their refpeftive Hands to the faid Commiflioners, or any Seven or more of them, or as they fhall dircft or appoint, then and in any of the Cafes aforefaid, fuch Commiflioners nfay and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or caul'e to be brought any Aftion or Actions againft the Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons to neglefting or refufing as aforefaid, for the Recovery of fuch Books, Papers, and Writings, and alfo of the Monies that (hall be in the Hands of fuch Officer or Officers, .Peifon or Perfons refpeftively, or if Complaint fhall be made by the faid .Commiflioners, or any Sevenor more of them, or by fuch Perlon or Perfon* as they fhall appoint for that Purpofe, of any fuch Refufal or Negleft as aforefaid to any Juftice of the Peace for the faid City or County of Southampton, fuch Juftice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to caufe the Officer or Officers, Peifon or Perfons, fo refufing or neglefting to be apprehended, and upon his or their appearing, or having been fummoned and not appearing, or not being found, to hear and determine the Matter of Complaint in a iummary Way; and if, upon the Confeffion of the Party or Parties, or by the Teftimony of any credible Witnefs or Witneffes, upon Oath, it (hall appear to fuch Juflice that any of the Monies which fhall have been collected or raifed by virtue of the faid Aft and this Aft, fhall be in the Hands of fuch Officer or Officers, Perfon or Petfons, fuch Juftice may, and he is hereby authorifed and required, upon the Nonpayment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to caufe fuch Money to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons, refpeftively; and if no Goods or Chattels of fuch Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons.. can be found fufficient to anfwer and latisfy the faid Money, and the Charges of diftraining and felling theGoods or Chattels diftrained, or if it fhall, in Manner aforefaid, appear to fuch Juftice that fuch Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons, fhall have refufed or negltfted to render or give fuch Account or to verify the fame as afore-iaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Bocks, Papers, cr Wiitmgs as aforefaid, fhall be in the Cuftody or Power of fuch Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons, and that he or they fhall have neglected or refufed to deliver or give Satisfaction refpefting the fame as aforefaid, then, and in any of the Cafes aforefaid, fuch Juftice fhall commit every fuch Offender fo appearing, or when found, to the common Gaol or Houfc of Correction, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he fhall give and make a true and perfeft Account and Payment as aforefaid, or until he fhall have compounded with the faid Commiflioners, or any Seven or more of tbtm, and lhall have paid fuch Compofition, in fuch Manner as they fhall appoint, (which Compofition the laid Commiflioners, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby empowered to make), and until he fhall deliver up fuch Vouchers, Books, Papers, and Writings, as aforefaid, or give Satisfaction in refpeft thereof to the faid Commiflioners, or any Seven or more of them: Provided always, that no fuch Officer or Perfon who fhall be fo committed for Want of fufficient Diftrefs (hall be detained in Prifon by virtue of this Aft for any longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

VIII.	And

i9

48* GEORGII HI. Cap. 2.

VIII. And whereas it is by the faid recited Aft enafted, that the Scavenger of appointed by the Coramiflioners afting under the faid Aft (hould, as often Act"i* Geo. 3. as the faid Commiflioners Ihould direft, caufe the Footways and Carriage Ways of the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and public Paflagrs, to be raked, fcraped, fwept, and clcanfed, in fuch Manner as the faid Commifiioners Ihould think proper; and the Dirt, Soil, and Rubbilh then and there found, to take and carry away: And whereas the faid Provifion, fo far as relates to the Footways, has been found inconvenient; be it therefore enafted, That fo much of the faid recited Aft as relates to the Footways Ihall be and the fame is hereby repealed*

IX.	And be it further enafted. That the refpeftive Occupiers of Houfes Direflions for or other Buildings in the faid leveral Streets, Lanes, public Paflagcs and

Places, Ihall, and they are hereby required to caufe to be well and fuf- jytwa!'5* ficiently fwept and cleanfed the Footways or Footpavements before, behind, and at iheS.des of their refpeftive Houfes or other Building', (as the Situation thereof (hall require), evtry Morning in the Year, be* tween the Hours of Six and Nine of the Clock, upon Pain of forfeiting and paying for every Ncgltft therein any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings*

X.	And be it further enafted. That it Ihall aftd may be lawful to Rata, and lor the faid Commiflioners, or any Fifteen or more of them, and they

are hereby authorized and required, once or oftener in every Year, as they Ihall fee Occafion, to caufe fuch Sum and Sums of Money to be raifed by a Rate or Afieflment on the feveral Owners or Proprietors of all Houfes,

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, fuuate, lying, and being within the Limits of the faid Aft and this Aft, not exceeding in the Whole, in any One Year, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence in the Pound of the annual Value of fuch Houfes, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, refpeftivcly, fuch annual Value to be from Time to Time ai'certained by the refpeftive Sums fuch Houfes, Lanus, Tenements, and Hereditaments Ihall be refpeftively rated at for the Relief of the Poor of the feveral Pailhes, Liberties, or Places, in which the fame lhail refpeftively Hand or be, or in fuch other Manner as the faid Commiflioners (hall think proper; and the firft. Year for which fuch Rate or Affcflment (hall be made (hall commence on the Feaft oi Saint Thomas the Apoflle now next enluing, and the Money thereby to arife (hall be paid by equal quarterly Payments to the refpeftive Colleftors of the Rates to be appointed as afore-faid, and (hall be collcftcd, levied, paid, accounted for, and applied,

(except where otherwife direfted by this Aft), in fuch and the like Manner as the Rates authorized to be from henceforth levied by the faid recited Aft on the Tenants or Occupiers of Houfes, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, are to be collefted, levied, paid, accounted for, and appliedi Provided always, that fuch Rate or Afleflment (hall not be conftrued nor deemed nor taken to extend to any Place exempted by the faid recited Aft and this Act, or either of them.

XI.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Rates or Aflcfiinents (hall Occupier* t® be paid to the Colleftor for the Time being appointed by the faid Com- omoVrun“ miflioner', or any Seven or more of them, by the Tenants or Occupiers

of the faid Houfes, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments; and fuch Tenants or Occupiers (hall be at Liberty, and are hereby authorized to

deduft

,0

4.S° G E O R G11 III. Cap.1.

deduct and detain out of their Rent, the Proportion of fucit Rotes or AffcilYnents as they fhall refpeftively pay on Account of the fcveral Owners or Proprietors of fitch Houfcs, Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-tnents.

Contracts net to affcCt Payment of Rates.

XII.	.Provided always, and be it further enafted, That no Contract, Covenant, or Agreement between Landlord and Tenant, or any other Perfons, (touching the Payment of Kates, Taxes, and Afieffnients to be charged on their refpeftive Premifes), made or entered into fince the Firft Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and eight, and before the palling of this Aft, fhall be deemed or conftrued to extend to the Rates or Afiefftnents by virtue of this Aft to be charged thereon as aforefaid, nor to be binding contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Aft, but all fuch Kates or AfldTments fhall be charged upon and paid by the refpeftive Occupiers, fubjeft to fuch Deductions and Repayments as are by this Aft authorized and allowed; and all fuch Deductions and Repayments fhall be made and allowed accordingly, notwithffanding fuch Contracts, Covenants, or Agreements: Provided neverthelefs, that nothing in this Aft contained fhall be conftrued to alter, change, determine or make void any Con. rafts, Covenants, or Agreements whatfoever, between Landlord and Tenant, or any other Perfons, to be made or entered into after the patting of this Aft, touching the Payment of Rates, Taxes, or AffelTments, any Thing herein contained to the conyary notwithftanding.

Rating Houfcs XIII. And whereas divers Hordes, Tenements, and Hereditaments or lall! Lo’ witbiti [he ^“4 City an<^ Suburbs thereof art let at fmall Rents, or pigs' 11 v ° to Weekly or Monthly Tenants, or entirely let out in Lodgings or fc.

parate Apartments, or let Ready-furnifhed, and the Collection of the Rates charged by virtue of this Aft from fuch Houfes, Tenements, and Hereditaments, is attended with much Difficulty, and has frequently been evaded, fo that much Lofs h. s on that Account been luftained ; for remedy whereof, be it enafted, That where the Yearly Rent or Value of any fuch Houfe, Tenement, or Hereditament fhall not exceed Twelve Pounds, or where the Houfes, Tenements, or Hereditaments fhall be let to Weekly or Monthly Tenants, and the Rents thereof fhall become payable and collefted at any ffiorter Periods than Quarterly, it fhall be lawful for the Lid Commiflioners (if they fhall think proper) to com* pound with the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners of all and every and 2ny fuch Houfe and Houfes, Tenement or Tenements, and He* reditaments, for Payment of any Rate or Rates, AfTeffinent or Afitfl'-ments, to be made by virtue of this Aft, at fuch a reduced yearly Rental or Rate as the faid Commiflioners fhall think reafonable, fo that fuch Houfes, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not rated at lefs than Two Thirds, nor more than Four Fifths of the Rack Rent at which the. fame fhall chen be let, or of the annual Value of the faid Premifes rc-fpeftively; and the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners of fuch Houfes, Tenements, or Hereditaments as fhall not exceed the yearly Rent of Twelve Pounds, or as fhall be let to Weekly or Monthly'Tenant^ pne} from whence the Rents fhall become due and be collefted at qny fhorter Periods than Quarterly, is and are hereby enabled to enter into fych Competition with the faid Commiflioners; and in cafe fuch Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, fhall refufe or ohjeft to entec

13	into

'48°0E0RGII Hi.' Cap.*.	n

’hi to fuch Compofition, fuch Landlord or Landlords, Owner and”

Owners, (hall from thenceforth be deemed and taken to be the Occupier or Occupiers of fuch Premifes, and (hall thereupon be rated to and from Time to Time (hall pay or caufe to be paid the feveral Rates or ‘Aflefirnents charged upon their refpeftive Premifes by virtue of this Aft, un'o the Colleftois of the Rates for the Time being, who is and are hereby authorized and rmpowcrtd to colled and receive the fame, and upon Non-payment thereof to levy the fame by Diftrcfs atid Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners of ■ the refpedive Premift-s aforefaid, wherefoever they (hall be found, in like Manner as any Rate or Aflcflment may be railed, levied, or collected by virtue of the laid recited Ad or this Ad: Provided always, that no fuch Landlord or Owner (hall be charged with or liable to pay for any increaled Rent referved or made payable to him for or on Account of fuch Landlord or Owner having agned to pay the feveral Rates and Afleflments heretofore chargeable upon theOccupirr; and where any Houfe, Tenemenr, or Hereditament Ihall be let out in Lodgings or fe-parate Apartments, or Ready-furnifhtd, the Landlord or Landlords*

Owner or Owners of all fuch Piemifes', (hall be deemed -or taken to be the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, and (hall be rated to and pay the Rates or Aflcffments made by virtue of this Ad in refped of all fuch Houfes, Tenements, and Hereditaments.

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That nothing in the faid recited Aft or ,^a.n^'^n0°ut this Aft contained (hall extend, qr be conftrued to extend to authorize ci,e city not the faid Commiflioners to rate or afftfs any Arable, Meadow, or Pafture to be afleffed. Lands, unlefs the fame are fuuate within the Walls of the faid City, nor to rate or affefs the Common Gaol of the faid County of Southampton, or any Houfe, Building, Court, or Yard'thereunto belonging, for and during fo iong a Time as the Foot Pavement at the Front of the faid Gaol (hall be fuflipiently maintained and repaired by and at the Expence of the Inhabitants, of the faid County, but not longer or otherwife.

XV.	And be .it further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and Powrvto b«r. for the faid Cqnuajihoners, or any Fifteen or more of them, from Time luwMoliei'-to Time to bor.rpw and take up ,at Interefl fuch Sam or Sums of Money as they (hall judge necefiary, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Five Thouland Pounds, for the Purpofe of defraying the Expenses of obtaining and pafling this Aft, and of ciifcharging the Debts now due and owing by the (aid Commiflioners, and of repairing and relaying the Pavements of tile feveral Streets, Lanes, and other public Paiiages and Places within the Limits of the (aid recited Aft and this Aft, upon the Credit of the Rates or Aflefftnents to be laid and colle&ed by virtue of this Act, and the Tolls granted by the faid recited Act, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to affign all or any Part of the faid Rates or Aliefl'-ments and Tolls, to fuch Perlon or Pei Ions as (hall lend or advance any Money thereon, or to his, her, or their Trullee or Truftecs, as a Se-curiiv for the principal Monry to be advanced with legal Interefl for the fame^ and the Colls anti Expences of fuch Aflignmrnt thereof, to be made as herein-aftcr mcntioned,(hall be from Time toTime defrayed by the faid Commiflioners, or any Seven or more ot them, out of the Monies to be fo borrowed, and every fuch Aflignment (hall be on Parchment in the Words

or to the Effect following : [Loc. & Per.}

* WE,

22

Form of Af-ngument.

Omniiflion-ers empower-e l tortile , Money by Annuities.

Form of Grant of Annuity.

4S9GE0RGII Ilf.; Cap. 2.

" \\7*F,	of	the CommifSoners appointed by or

c	in purfuanctt of Two A&s, made in the Eleventh and Forty-

‘ eighth Years of the Reign of King George the Third, intitufd, [here fet

*	forth the Titles of the Ads] iaConfnJcration of the Sum of	ad-

‘ vanced and lent by A. B. for the Purpofcs of the laid Ads, Do hereby

* grant and affign unto the laid A. B. [or, to his Truflee or Trtiffees as the ‘ Cafe may requirej - his Executors, Adminiftratois, and Affigns, fuch i Proportion of the Ratts or Affeffinrnts ariung by virtue of the faid Eft-<■ mentioned Ad, and of the Tolls granted by the faid firft recited Ad, ‘ as the faid Sum of	doth	or (hall bear to the whole Sum,

« which may at any Time be borrowed or become due and owing or be ‘ charged upon the Ctcdit of the faid Ad, palled in the Fort.-cigluh < Year of His prefent Majeffy to be had and hidden from this

‘ Day of	until	the	faid Sum of	with	Intereft

*	at	per	Centum	per Annum for the fame fhall be repaid

*	and fati-fied. In Witnefs whereof, we the faid Commiffioncrs have

.« hereunto let our Hands and Seals the	Day of

» in the Year of our L"rd

And all fuch Affignmcn's fhall be numbered, commencing with Nurrber 'One, and fo proceeding in an arithmetical Progreffion afeend ng. whereof the common Excels or Difference fhall always be one, and every fuch Security (hall be good, valid, and effedual, and fhall -entitle the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame (hall be made, his, her, or their Executors, Adminiftiatcrs, and Affigns, to the Payment thereof, and to all Profit and Advantage thereon, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

Hsi i ' uiitit gtuinVt >•;! TV *• J. yue te i JO: i mi..: »iij	.sb;'	.	I

XVI.	And be it further enatffed, That in cafe the faid Commiffoners, or any Fifteen or more of them, fhall think it advifeabie or more advantageous to raile all or any Part of the Money to be borrowed under this ACt by granting Annuities for Lives inftead of Affgnmencs as aforefaid, it ffall be lawful for the faid Commiffoners, or any Fifteen or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to grant Annuities to any Perfon or Perlons who fhall contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the Treafurer to the faid Commiffoners, any Sum or Sums of Money, as to the laid Commif-fioners, or any Fifteen or more of them, fhall feem right and proper for the abfolute Purchafe.of any Annuity or Annuities to be paid and payable during the natural Life of every fuch Contributor, or the natural Life of fuch Perfon as (hall be nominated by or on Behalf of fuch Contributor at the Time of Payment of his or her Contribution or Purchale Money, fo that no fuch Annuity do exceed the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum upon a Angle Life, except in fuch Cafes where the Perfon for whofe Life any Annuity fhall be paid be of the Age of Sixty-three Years or upwards, and the Expence of every fuch Grant lhail be defrayed by the faid CommifTione'rs, or any Seven or more of them ; and the Grant of every fuch Annuity lhail be on Parchment, in the Words or to the Fffeft following:

*	VX/'E	of	the	Commiffioners	appointed by or in

4	purfuance of Two Ads made in the Eleventh and Forty-eighth

Years of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [here jet forth

paid ‘ by

xCdrs ox tile xvcign or	kjcut^c	ldc	x	xiircij	iiiLiiui

(be 'Titles of the Ads] in Conlideraaon of the Sum of

w8°GEORGII III. eap.2.	2j

*	by A. B. to C. D. the Treafurer appointed in purfuance thereof, do ■ hereby grant unto the faid A. B. an Annuity or Yearly Sum of

‘ out of the Rates or AfTelfments arifing by virtue of the faid laft-men-

*	tioned Atf, and of the Toils granted by the faid full recited A£l, which

‘ Annuity or Yearly Sum of	(hail be paid to the faid A. B.

* or his Affigns, during the Term of his natural Life [or, to the faid A\ B.

* his Executors, Adminiftraturs, or Affigns, during the natural Life of

*	C. D. as the Cafe may he'] upon the	Day	of

*	in every Year during the natural Life of him the faid

at the Guildhall of the faid City; the Firit Payment thereof to be made

*	upon the	Day	of	next	enfuing the Date

*	hereof. In witnefs whereof we the laid Commiflioners have hereunto let

*	our Hands and Seals the	Day	of	in	the	'

*	Year of our Lord M	’

And every fuch Grant lhall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, without any Emolument or Registry of the Memorial thereof, and every Annuity lo granted as aforeiaid, fhall be and is her_bv charged upon and lhall be payable and paid by the Treafurer to the faid Commiflioners out of the faid Rates or AfTcfiinetyis and Tolls, according to the Grant of fuch Annuity.

XVII.	And be it further enaQed, That it fhall and may be lawful to Power of and for the Perfons entitled to any of the Securities for the Money to be Mortgaeeslnd borrowed upon legal Intereft as aforefaid, ,or to be raif^d by the granting Annuities in a of Annuities as aforeiaid, and their refpedive Executors, Adminrftrators, ^'f^lbed or Affigns, (as the Cafe may be) at any Time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to transfer fuch Securities to any Perfon or Perfons wbomfpyver, which Transfer fhall be on Parchment, in the Words, or to the Effe,£f'following}

‘ T A, B., being entitled to the Sum of	'	fof, an Annuity

« of	fecured to C. D. and his Affigns, or his

*	Executors, A;dmihiftf:rtOrs; and Afiigns, as the Cafe may be] by virtue

*	of'an Affi^ntnertt [cr, Grant of an Annuity] hearing Dste the

*	*	Day of	under	the Hands and Seals of

‘ of the Commiflioners afting in the Execution of Two Aids of Parliament

*	made .in the Eleventh and Forty-eighth Years of. the Reign of King ‘ Geoirk the Third, '-“intituled, \h:re fet fotth the Titles of the Alls] upon « the Credit of the Rates or Afleffments and Tolls payable by the faid •c Affs, do hereby transfer all my Right and Title in and to the lame Sum « [tr. Annuity], and all Ir.tereft and other Money now due and owing « thneen, unto E. F. his Executors, Adminiftrators, and Affigns#

« Dated the	Day	of	in	the Year of Our

‘ Lord

And a Copy of every Security or Aflignmenr, and of every Grant or Annuity, which fhall have been made in purfuance of this Act, and an Extract or Memorial of every Transfer thereof, refpectively, fhall be eo-. tered in a Book to be kept for that Purpofe by the Clerk to the faid Commiflioners, which Extract or Memorial (hall fig.rify and contain the Date, Nmirs of the Parties, and Sums of Monty thereby transferred, to which Book any Perfon interefted fhall, at all feafonable Times, have Accefsj and have free Liberty to infpect the fame, without Fee or Reward;

2<±

Praiif*ni f;r the Hai ment of Creilitois by Lot.

1.



Power to borrow Morey at a lower Jnte-relt,to riif-eharge Securities at a higher Rate.

Power to raife Money for Improvements.

G'EOk&ii : IIL Gap. 2.

and for the Entry of every fuch Transfer the Did Ck-rk (hall be paid by the Perfon to whom fuch Transfer fhali be made the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and every fuch Transfer, after Entry thereof as aforefaid, fhali entitle the Perfon to whom the Transfer (hall be made, and his or her Executors, Admimftrators, and Aligns, to the Btnefit of the Security thereby transferred, witnout any other Kegiftry Or Enrollment whatfoever.

XVIII.	And, in order that no Preference may be given to any of the Perfons Who (ball have advanced-and lent Money upon the Credit of the faid Rates or AffcfTments and Toils, be it further enacted, That the faid Commiffioners, or any Nine Or more of them, (if there (hall be more ■Creditors than One), lhall caufe the Numbers of all Alignments or Securities granted and then in force for fecuring the Principal Monies lent and advanced upon the Credit of the faid Rates or AfTtlfmenrs and ■Tolls, of which Part fhali be then intended to be paid off, to be written Upon diflinct Pieces of Paper, of an equal Size, and all fuch Papers fhaH be rolled up in the fame Form as nearly as may be, and be put into a Box or Wheel, and the Number or Numbers of the faid Alignments or Securities fhali be drawn lepararely out of the faid Box or Wheel by the Clerk to the faid Commiffioners,and after every fuch Ballot the faidCommif* fioners, or any Nine or more of them, lhall caufe Notice, ngned by their Clerk, to be given to or left at the laft or ufual Place of Abode of the Perfon or Perlons who fhali be entitled to the Money to be paid off purfuant to fuch Ballot; and where there is only One Creditor, to give Notice to luch Creditor of the faidiCommiffioners* Intention to pay him or her as aforefaid ; and every fuch Notice (hall exprefs the Sum to be paid off, together with the Inrereft due thereon, and that the lame will be paid on a Day and at a Place to be fpecified in fu> h Notice, fuch Day not being fooner than Six Calendar Months after the Day of giving or leaving fuch Notice-as aforefaid, and the Intercft of the Principal Mqney to be paid off jhall from and after the Day to be fo fpecified ceafe and be no longer paid or payable, unlels fuch Money lhall be demanded, purfuant to fuch Notice, and not paid; but the Principal Money in relpert whereof fuch Notice fhali be given, and alfo the Intereft thereof to the Day lo fpecified, lhall neverthtkfs be payable on Demand.	,

XIX.	And be it further enacted. That in cafe'the faid Commiffioners, or any Fifteen or more of them, can at any Time borrow or take up any Sum or Sums of Money at a lower Rate of Intereft than the Affign-ments or Securities which lhall be then in force lhall bear, it lhall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, or any Fifteen cr more of them, from Time to Time to charge the faid Rates or Affeffments in Manner afore* faid, with luch Sum or Sums of Money as they lhall think proper, and the Inrereft thereof, at fuch low Rate as aforefaid, and to pay off and dif-charge the Affignmenfs or Securities bearing a higher Kate of Intercft, according to the Directions and Regulations herein prescribed for paying off Alignments or Securities.

XX.	And be it alfo enadted, That it fhali and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, from Time to Time to borrow and raife by both or either of the Modes herein-before mentioned, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four tboufand Pounds in the Whole, over

8	aad

25

48* GEORGII III. Cap. i.

and above the faid Sum of Five thoufand Pounds, upon the Credit of the faid Rates or Afitffments and foils, which Sum or Sutrs (fall be applied in widening the Streets and other public Paffagesfituatc within ti;c Limits of the laid A ft and this Ad!, and in making luch permanent Improvements as the faid Commiffijners, or any Fifteen or more of them, fhall think proper: Provided always, that neither the faid Sum of Four thoufand Pounds nor any Part thereof, (Fall be bortoWcd or railed buc ar a Meeting of the laid Commiflioncrs, to be called for that Purpole, of which Fourteen Days Notice at lealt (Fall be given in Manner directed by the faid Aft, at which Meeting 'J wenty-one Commi/fioners rated and affeffed in the Rates or AlfdTmeiits ro be railed and levied under rhe Authorities of the laid recited Ac! arid this Ad! lor Property at or above Fifteen Pounds per Annum, (hall lie prefent, Tbiee Fourths bt whom fhall concur in ratling the faid Sum or any Parc thereof.

XXI.	And whereas it is by the faid recited A£!enadled. that no Bulk> Bow Window on the Ground Fioor, projedting Window, Porch, Rails, or Pent-houfes, fhould be permitted in any Part of the laid Streets, Squares, Lanes, or other public Paflages, which fhould not be of Twenty-four FeetinWidtht And whereas the faid Provifion has not been found effedtual; be it therefore enafted, That fo much of the faid recited Ac! fhall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XXII.	And be it further enafted, That no Bulk, Bow Window, projecting Window, Porch, Rails, or Pent-hoofe, fhall be permitted in any Pait of the faid Streets, Squares, Lanes, or other public Paflages or Places, which (hall not be Twenty four Feet in Width, and the laid Commiflion-ers, or any Nine cr more of them, are hereby empowered to order any Bulk, B iw Window, projecting Window, Porch, Rails, or Pent-fioufr, which (hall be fet up, erected, or built contrary to the Provifions hereof, to be taken down and removed, and ro inflift the lice Penalties as are diredbed by the faid recited Ad! for eredbing any Spout or Sign ; and no Bulk, Bow Window, projecting Window, Porch, Rails, or Pcnt-houfe, (hall be eredbed elfewhcre within the Limits aforefaid, but with the Con-fent and Approbation of Eighteen Corn midi oners prefent at any Meeting which (hall confift of Twenty-one Members at leaf!-, but in no cafe whatft-ever (hall the faid Commiffioners permit any fuch Bulk, B. w Window, projedling Window, Porch, Rails, or Pent-houfe, to be fet up, eredbed, or built, unlefs the Foot Pavement will wholly remain of the Width of F’our Feet at leaf! beyond fuch Eredbion or Building.

XXIII.	And whereas the Power and Authority given by the f.iic! recited Ac! to the faid Commidionrrs, or their Surveyor, to dig for, take, and cany away any Gravel or other Materials fit and proper for the paving and covering the Pavements, and pitching of the laid Streets, Squares, Lines, and other public Paflages ; or whicn they thouid adjudge re eff.try or fitting ro be uled in or about the faid Streets, Squares, Lane*, and other public Paflagi s, or for any other Purpofe* in the Execution of the faid Act, in, upon, out or, or from the La' ds, Fields, of Grounds of nnv Perfon or Perfons, where the fame may be lad or iound ro be uled or applied in or towards the r.ifing, making, widening, or repairing the fiid Streets, Squares, and other public Paflages (ftiuli Lands, Fields, and Grounds net beiog a Yard, Garden. Orchard, Patk, Paddock, Wood,

' [Lee. CS1 Per ]	C,	Copptce.

Repealing Provisions ii^ ujGeo. %•

ForPreventbri ol P; eject ions.

Repeal fcf Provili *n in * i (-ico.

26

For gc'<in"; M i rnsli for R p.iiis.

Notice to be given to Occupiers of w-cl fed Lands before Mute-rials are taken.



4.8° GEOKGII III. Cap.i.

Coppice, Nurfery, or inclofcd Ground, planted with anv Avenue of Trees tor the Ornament of any Houfe), has been found inconvenient; be it therelorc enufted, Thdt fo much or the laid recited Aft: fiiall be and the lame is hereby repealed.

XXIV.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for tlie Surveyor or Surveyors of the laid Commiflioners, and to and for all fuchPertons as he or they refpe&ively fhall appoint, to Icardi for, cut, dig, get, gather, and take away any Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for making or repairing the Highways within the faid City and Suburbs thereof intended to be paved, amended, and repaired by the faid Commiflioners by virtue of the (aid recited A ft or this Ait, out of or from any Common or Watte Ground, River, or Brook, in any P.irifh, Townfliip, Hamlet, Divifion, Diftrift, or Place, in the faid City of Winckejler, or in any neighbouring Parifh, Townihip, Hamlet, Divifion, Diltrift, or Place, without paying any Thing for the lame, the faid Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Pcrfon or Pcrlons acting by his or their Appointment, filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelltng the Ground, or Hoping down the Banks where fuch Materials fhall betaken, or railing or fencing off fuch Pits or Quarries, fo that the fame may not be dangerous to Pafiengers or Cattle ; and alfo that fuch Surveyor or other Perfons as aforefaid, may by Order of the faid Commiflioners, or any Seven or more of them (fuch Order to be made at Come Meeting of the faid Commiflioners to be holden in purfuance of the faid recited Aft or this Aft, and a Copy thereof to be given to fuch Surveyor or Surveyors, atteited and figned by the Cleik to the faid Commiflioners) fearch for, cut, dig, get, gather, and take away any fuch Materials as aforefaid, in, off, from, and out of the private Lands, Fields, or Grounds of any Perlon or Perfons where the fame may be had or found, (fuch Lands, Fields, or Grounds not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, Walkor Walks, or Avenue to a Houfe, or any Piece of Ground planted and fet apart as a Nurfery for Trees at the Time of palling this AS,) making or tendering fuch Satisfaction for the Damages done thereby to the Owners and .Occupiers of fuch Grounds where and from whence the fame fhall be cut, dug, gotten, gathered, and carried away, or over which the fame or any other Materials for making and repairing the faid Highways fhall be Carried according to their refpeftive Rights and Iuterefts in fuch Grounds as the faid Commiflioners, or any Seven or more of them lhail judge reasonable ; and in cale of any Difference between the faid Commiflioners, Surveyor or Surveyors, cr other Pcrfon or Perfons employed as aforefaid, and the faid Owners or Occupiers, or any of them, concerning fuch Damages, it fliuli and may be lawful to and fur any Two or more of the Juttices of the Peace of the County, City, or Place where fuch Materials Avail be fo cut, dug, gotten, gathered, taken, and carried away, or over, cn Fourteen Days Notice thereof in Writing being given by either Party

o the other, or left at their respective Places of Abode, to hear, lettle, 'and determine the Matters of fuch Payment and Damages, and the Judgment or Order of the faid J all ices lhail be final and conclufive to ail Parties.

XXV.	Provided neverthelefs, and be if fuither enafted, That it fhall not be lawful for any Surveyor, or other Pcrfon or Perfons afting under the Authority of the faid recited Act o: this Aft, to dig, gather, get, take,

or

27

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 2:

or carry away any Materials, for repairing fuch Highway?, cut of or from any inclofed lands or Grounds, until One Calendar Months Notice in Writing, figned by the Surveyor, (lull have been given to the Occupier 6f the Premiles from which fuch Materials are inunded to be taken, or left for fucb Occupier at his ufual Place of Refidence, to appear before the laid Commiffiontrs or any Two or more Julliccs of the Peace, afting for the County, City, or Place, where fuch Prenufes lhall lie. to (hew caule why fuch Materials lhall not be had from fuch L.ands or Grounds ; and in cafe fuch Occupier or his Agent (hall attend purl'uanc to fuch Notice, but (hall not (hew fufficient caule to the contrary, then and in fuch Cafe the laid Commiflioners, or any Seven or more of them, or fuch Julbcts, (hall and may authorize fuch Surveyor or other Perfon or Per Ions to dig, get, gather and carry away fuch Materials at fuch Thnecr Times, as tu the faid CommifliGners, or any Seven or mom of them, or Juftices, (hall feem proper •, and if fuch Occupier (hall negleft or refufe to appear by himlelfor his Agent, purfuant to fuch Notice, the laid Commiflioners, or any Seven or more of them, or fuch Juftices, (hall and may make (uch Order therein, as they relpedlively (hall think lit, as fully and tffctjually to all Intents and Purposes as if fuch Occupier ot his Agent had attended.

XXVI.	And be it further enabled, That if any P> rlon or Perfons whom-foever, (hall remove or take away any Stones or G.avei, or any Materials laid upon fuoh Highways or any Part thereof, for the Repair thereof, without the Older of the faid Commiflioners, or any Seven or moie of them, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors lor that Purpofe, or if any Perfon t>r Perfons whomfoever, lhall take away any Stones or Gravel, or any Materials which (ball have been dug or gathered, by or by the Order ot the laid Commiflioners, or any Seven or mote of them, or their Surveyor or Sur • veyors, in any Lands, Fields, or Waite Grounds, River or Brook, for the Purpofe of amending fuch Highways, or any Part or Parts thereof, or (hall get or take away any Stones or Gravel, or Materials out cf any Pit or Quarry, which lhall have been made for the Purpofe of getting fuch Materials for amending the faid Highways, or any Part or Parts thereof, before the faid Surveyor or Surveyors, or his or their Workmen (hall have difeontinued wotking therein for the Space of Six Weeks, (except the Owner or Occupier ot any private Ground, and Perfons autho-r zed by fuch Owner or Occupier to get the Materials therein, for his or her own piivaie Uie only, and not for Sale), every Perfon fu offending fhall forreic and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXVII.	And be it further. na&ed, Thatduringthe Tine ar.y Street, Lace, Paffage, or PI ice fhall be new paving, flagging, or repairing, or any of the Grates, Drains, or other Sewers therein, fhall be altering or repairing, the laid Commiflioners, or any Seven or mote of them, fhall have Power to order the neceffary Materials to be lodged in rhat or any adjoining Street, Lane, Paffage, or Place, or .Streets, Lanes, Paf-fages, or Places, according to their Dilcretion ; as alfo to flop the Way through that or any adjoining Highway, Street, Lane, Paffage, or Place, fo long as they fhall judge neceffarv ; and the faid Commiflioners and all Perfons acting by or under their Direction as aforefaid, are hereby indemnified from any Piofecucion or Action whatfoever rclpe.ting the fame.

Penalty on taking away Maienals.

Wiere Materials for paving n ay be

lotigciJ.

XXVIII.	And

28

4&* GEO RGII III. Cap,

Announce XXVIII. And whereas it is by the laid recited Ait ena&edj that if any a. tie i.; Act Per Ion Humid fet, place, or cxpolc to fale, or,catile, permit, or fuff’er to ii Geo. j.	be fer, placed, or expofed to file, any .Goods,- Chattel}, Wares, or

Merchandize whatfoever, on any flap, Window-Hunter, or other Thing whatlbever, moveable or fixed, projecting into any of the laid Streets, Squares, Lanes, or other public Paffages, beyond the prelent Bulk, every Perfon fo offending fhould for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings : And whereas the laid Claufe has noc been fuffi-cient effectualLy to pievent Annoyances in the faid Streets, Squares, Lanes, and public Paffages •, be it therefore enacted. That fo much of the faid recited Act Ihall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

Presenting Annoyances in the Streets.

■Repeal of Claufe in 11 Geo. 3.

XXIX.	And be it further enafted. That if any Perfon orPcrfons fliall place, hang up, or expole to fale, or caufe, permit, or fuffer to be placed, hung up, or expofed to fale, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or Ihall place or fuffer to be placed any other Matter or Thing on or projecting againft anv of the Foot Ways or Carriage Ways of the Streets or other public Paffages or Places within the faid Limits, or upon or under the Penthoufeof the faid City, or Ihall leave open any Cellar Window in the Evening or in the Night, without the fame being fufficiently lighted to prevent Accidents, or fhall make or affift in the making any Fire or Fires commonly called Bonfires, or fet tip or throw at any Cock of Fowl in the Manner called Cock-tbrowing, or fhall fet fire to, let off, or throw any Serpent, Squib, Ci acker, or Firework, in any of the Streets or other public Paffages or Places within the Limits aforefaid, every Perfon offending in any of the Cafes aforefaid, fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXX.	And whereas it is by the faid recited A iff ena&ed, that if any Swine, fhould be found wandering about the laid Streets, Squares, Lanes, or other public Paffages, the Owner or Owners thereof fhould for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings ; and it fhould be lawful for any Officer of the laid Cominiffioners, or any other Perfon, to impound fuch Swine, and the fame to detain until the faid Sum and the Expences of impounding tiie laid Swine fhould be paid; and in cafe fuch Penalty and Expences fhould not be paid within Six Days, it Ihould be lawful for fuch Perfon as fhould be appointed for that Purpofe by the faid Commiffioners to fell fuch Swine, and the Overplus to be paid to the O wners thereof; provided, thac whether fuch Swine fhculd be impounded or not, the Owner thereof fhould neverihelefs forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings: And whereas it is expedient that Provifion fhould be made for preventing Horles, Cows, or other Beafis from wandering in the Streets; he it therefore enacted, That fo much of the faid recited Act fhall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted. That if any Horfe, Cow, or other Beaft, or any Sort of Swine, fhall at any Time be found wandering about mm Theany	Streets,	Lanes,	or	other public Paffages or Places, within the

''' "1 ’ Limits aforefaid, it (hall and m.iy be lawful to and for any Perfon or Pcr-fons appointed by the faid Commiffioners, to feize and impound fuih Hoile, Cow, or other Bead, or Iuch Swine, in one of the common Pounds of the faid City or Suburbs, or in fuch other Place as the laid Comraif. fioners, or any Seven or mure of them, fha!l appoint, and the lame therc 8	c ' ‘ w to

Power to impound

29

4.8° (XEORGI1 III. Cap. 2.

to detain until the Owner or Owners thereof (hall for every fuch Horfe,

Cow, or other Bead, and for every fuch Head of Swine fo impounded, pay any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings to the Perfon impounding the Line, together with the rcafonable Charges and Expencts of impounding and keeping the fame ; and in.eafe the faid Sum, Charges, and Expences,

(hall not be p>ki within Five Days after fuch impounding, it (hall and may be lawful to and fjr the faid Commifiioners, or any Seven or more of them, to lell or caufe to be fold the fame, arid the Money arifing from fuch Sale alter dedufting the faid Sum, and the Charges and Expences of impounding, keeping, and felling fuch Horfe, Cow, or other Draft, and Swine, (hall be paid on Demand to the Perfon whofe Property the Horfe,

Cow, #r other Bead, or Swine, fo fold, (hall appear to have been.

XXXII.	And whereas it is by the faid recited Aft enafted. That if any Per- RfPe*1

fon (hould throw, call, or lay,any Alhes, Dull, Dirt, Dung, Soil, Filth, or gco,j“ 6

Robbilh, or ihe Retufe of any Garden Stuff, or any Blood, Offal, or

Carrion, or any other noifome or effenfive Matter or Tning wnarloever,

incoor in any of the faid Streets, Squares, Lanes, or other public Paffages,

every Perfon fo offending (hould for the Firft Offence forfeit the Sum of

Five Shillings j for the Second Offence the Sum of Ten Shillings; and for

the Third and every other Offence the Sum of Twenty S .filings: And

whereas the faid Provifion has not been found effcftual to prevent Nuilances

in the faid City and Suburbs; be it therefore enafted, Tnat fo much of

the faid recited Aft (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XXXIII.	And be it further enafted. That if any Perfon or Perfons whom- ““ foever (hall throw, caff, or lay, or caufe or permit or fuffer to be throw, '<7hi7im?rn:o call, or laid, any Alhes, Duff, Dirt, Dung, Soil, Filth, or Rubbilb, S;resu.

or the Rcfufe of any Garden Stuff, or any Blood, Offal, or Carrion, or any other noifome or offenfive Matter or Thing whatfoever into or in any of the faid Streets, Squares, or other public Paffjges or Places, or into any of the Brooks, Rivers, or Watercourfes within the Limits aforefaid, every Pei fon fo offending (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings.

XXXIV.	And be it further enafted, That if the Owner, Rider, or Driver Penalty on of any Horfe, Waggon, Cart, Dray, or other Carriage, fhall permit or £*vine c:art,» fuffer the fame to (land in any Square, Street, or other public Paffage or

Place within the Limits aforefaid, upon any of the Foot Pavements, or upen or fo near to any of the Croflings made for Foot Paffengers as to obftruft the fame, and (hall rtfufe to remove any fuch Horle or Carriage, fuch Owner, Rider, or Driver, fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, and it fhall be lawful for any Perfon who fhall fee fuch Offence committed, tofeize fuch Offender, and convey him before any Juftice of the Peace of the County, City, or Place, where the fame.fhall happen, to be dealt with according to Law.

XXXV.	And whereas it is by the faid recited Aft enafted, That if any Repeal or Perlon (hould wilfully break, throw down, or otherwife damage any of the ^r“7['.°70vr!th Lamps which (hould be erefted by the (aid Commifiioners, or any of the Lamps in Pofis, Irons, or other Furniture thereof, or (hould extinguilh any of the nUeo.j. faid Lamps, and fhould be lawfully convifted thereof, he (hould, for the

Firft Offence, forfeit the Sum cf Ttn Shillings for each Lamp fo broken,

[Lee. Es’Per.]	H	thrown.

30	4.3°	GEORGir	III.	Cap.	2.

thrown down, damaged, or extinguilhed; and for the Second Offence the' Sunt of Fifteen Shillings for every fuch Lamp* and for the Third and every fubfequent Offence, the Sum of Twenty Shillings, for every fuch Lamp; and lull Satisfaction (liould alfo be made to the faid Commit-fioners for the Damage done : And whereas the faid Penalties are not fuffkient to deter evil-minded Perfons from breaking, damaging, or ex-tinguifhing the Lamps ereded by the faid Commilfioners ; be it therefore enacted, That fo much of the laid recited Ad lhall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

penalty fcr XXXVI. And be it further enafled, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall "oLimr6' wilfully takeaway, break, throw down, difplace, or damage any Lamp or Lamps already fet up, or that lhall be fet up by virtue of the laid Ad or this ACl, by Order of the faid Commiffioners, or any Seven or more of them, or by any Perfon or Peifons at his, her, or their own Expence, for the Purpole of lighting any of the faid Streets, Lanes, Paffages, or Places, or lhall wilfully extinguifh the Light or Lights within the fame, or (hall throw down or damage the Ports, Irons, Cover, or other Furniture of any fuch Lamp, it lhall and may be lawful to and for any Perfon or Peifons whomfoever, who (hall fee any fuch Offence committed, to feize, and alfo for any other Perfon or Pefons whomfoever to aflift in feizing the Offendrr or Offenders, and by the Authority of this Ad, and without any other Warrant, to convey and deliver him, her, or them, into the Cuftody of a Watchman, or of a Peace Officer, in order to be fecured and conveyed before fome Juflice of the Peace for the faid City, County, or Place, where fuch Offence lhall be committed ; and luch Juftice (Hail proceed to examine, upon Oath, any Witnefs or Witneffes who lhall appear or be produced to give Information or Evidence touching luch Offence ; and if the Party or Parties accufed fhall be convided either by his, her, or their Confcffion, or upon fuch Information or Evidence as aforefaid, then, and in every fuch Cafe, he, (he, and they fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and fhall moreover pay fuch Sum or Sums of Money as fhall be deemed by fuch Jultice to be a full Satisfadion for the Damage lo by him, her,

,	or	them done as aforefaid ; and in cafe fuch Offender or Offenders fhall

not, on Convidicn, pay fuch Forfeiture, and alfo fuch Satisfadion as aforefaid, fuch Juftice is hereby required to commit him, her, or them, to the common Gaol or Houle of Corredion, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Space of Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months,, and fuch Offender or Offenders fhall not be difeharged before the Ex- * piration of the Time limited for which he, (he, or they fhall be fo committed, unlefs fuch Forfeiture and Satisfadion fhall be fooner paid and given.	,

XXXVII. And whereas it is by the faid recited Ad enaded, that in cafe the Commiffioners for executing the faid Ad, and the Owner or Owners. Proprietor or Proprietors of any Houfe, Shed, or other Building, or of any Piece or Paicel of Land or Ground, cannot agree, the faid Commiffioners are thereby empowered and required to ifl'ue a Summons, under the Hands and Seals of any Seven or more of them, requiring an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Men to attend,- ac luch Time and Place as fhall be exprrffcd in fuch Summons; and the faid Commiffioners lhall fwear or caufe to be fwprn Twelve of the .	Twenty-

Jtepral <>f Provilion in 15 Geo.3.

3i

4-8° GE OkGII III. Cap. 2.

Twenty-four who fhall be drawn by Ballot by the Cierk to the faid Com-miffiontrs •, which Twelve fhall be a Jury for afeerraming the Value of fttch Premifes, whofe Valuation fhall be binding and conclufive to all Parties and Perfons whatever: And whereas the Paid Provifion has been found defective ; be it therefore enafted, That Id much of the faid recited Ait fhall be and the lame is hereby repealed*

XXXVIII. And be it further enafted. That if any Body Politm, Corpn- Fnwifioryn rate, or Collegiate, or any Corporation whether Aggregate or Sole Spiritual fuaftj c° or Lay, or any Femes Covert, or any. Tenant for Life, or Tenant in Tail lity tofell. Genoa! or Special, Owner or Owners, Occupier or Ocrupieis, or other Perlon or Perfons'whomfoever, intereftedin any Lands Buildirtgfe, Houfes, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, which the fa>d Comroiffioners arc enabled by the Lid recited Aft to purchafe for the Purpofeof widening nr improving the (aid Streets, Lanes, Palfages, or Places, or any of them, fhall refule to treat, contraft, or agree as alorelaid, or by reafon of Abfence or otherwife fhall be prevented from treating, contracting, or agreeing, or fhall decline or refufe to fell, convey, and diPpofe of the PremiPes whereof or wherein, or whereunto they relpeftively (hall be fo feifed, pofiefTed, intereftrd, or entitled as aforePaid, or their rePptftive Rights, Titles, Claims, or Intertfts, in, tO; or upon the Tame, or any Part thereof, unto the faid Commiflioners, or to fuch PcrPon or PerPons as they fhall nominate for the PurpoPes and according to the Tenor, true Inrent, and Meaning of this Aft, or (hall not or cannot produce or make out a clear Title to the Premtfes they are in Poffelfion of, or to the Intereffs they claim therein, to the Satisfaction of the (aid Cdmmiffioners, or any Seven or more of them; or if any Utfpure or Difference (hall arife touching fuch Purchafe or Purchafes, the Paid Commiffi iners. or any Seven or more of them, are hereby empowered and authorized, before any General or Quarter Seffion of the Peace, to be holden for the fa d County of Southampton, or any Adjournment thereof, to give or caufe to be given to fuch Owner or Owners, or the principal Officer or Officers of fuch Bodies Politic or Cor-' porate, O' to leave or caule to be left at the Houfe of the Tenant in Poffeffidrr Fourteen Days Notice in Whiting, denoting and particularly dtferibing1 the Lands, Buildings, Houles, Tenements, or other Hereditaments intended to be purchafed, and purport'ng that the Value thereof lball be adjufted and fettled by a Jury at the faid Seffion or Adjournment thereof, and the Jufltces at the laid Seffion Or any Adjournment thereof, upon Proof to them made of fuch Notice having been fo given or left, are hereby author zed and required to charge the Grand Jury at fuch Seffion aflembled,'or the Jurv to try Prifoners at fuch Seffion, well and truly upon their Oath’ to aflefs the Value of the faid Lands, Buildings,

Houle", Tenements, or other Hereditaments comprized in the Notice (o given, and the Damages.and- Recompence to be awarded or given for the tame, to the relpfcftjvc Owneror Owners thereof, according to their re-farftive Interefls therein-, and to fuch Jury the faid Corrrav.ffioners, or any Seven or more of them, and all Perfons interfiled in the faid Lands, Buildings, Houfes, Tenements, or oilier Hereditaments, lball have their lawful Challenges, and the Jury being lo fworn and charged as atoefaid, and after proper Evidence on Oath to them given, concerning tne Nature,

Quality, or Value of the Lands, Buildings, Houfes, Tenements, or other Hereditaments fo to be fuld and conveyed as afcrelaid, fhall by their Vcrdidt tjilcfs the Damages and Recompence to be given for the fame, to

(isiif

4S* <5EORGII III. Cap. 2.

Frovifion th\t Verdiftl flia'l not be hindirg unlels Money paid within Six Calendar Month*.

Previion for Payment of Colts of Ver-didr.

the refpe&ive Owner or Owners thereof, according to their refprclive Intertfts therein ; and fuch VerdiCl of the fa'd Jury, and the Judgement ofxhe faid Juft ices upon the fame (hall be final, binding, and conclufivt, to the faid Commidioners, and to all Perfons and Parties interefted in the faid Lands, Buildings, Iloufes, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, and fuch Verdid, and the Judgment of the Juftices thereupon, (hall be fairly, entered and kept among the Records of the Sefiions for the faid County of SoHtbampien, and the fame, Or true Copies thereof, (hall be taken to good and effc&ual Evidence and Proof in any Court of Law or Equity whatfoever, and all Perfons may have recourfe to the fame gratis, and take. Cop es thereof, paying Sixpence for every Seventy-two Words, and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Number of Words: Provided always, tl at in cafe the Sum or Sums fo a defied by the faid Jury, and ordered and adjudged to be paid by the faid Commifiioners, as a Satisfaction to the Owners, Occupiers, or others, for their refpe&ive Interefts in the faid Pre-mifts, (hall not be paid, tendered, or left according to the true Intent and Meaning of this A&, within Six Calendar Months after the lame (hall have been fo affefled, ordered, and adjudged, then and in fuch Cafe the VerdiCt of the faid Jury (hall not be binding upon the (aid Parties ; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof, in anywife notwith-ftandmg. j ,	i	-	.

- if 4 “vh: I	iu	1	t-'|	i	•!	\	n	‘

"IXXIX. And be if further enaCted, That in all Cafes where any Verdict (hall hare been given for a greater Sum or Recompence than (hall have been prcviocfly offered by or on the Behalf of the laid Commifiioners for any fuch Lands, Buildings, Houles, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, for Damages as aforefaid, all the Expence* of taking fuch Inqucft, and of the Witneffes attending thereon, and recording or entering the VerdiCt and Judgment thereupon, (hall be paid by the faid Commilfioners, or any Seven or more of them, out of the Monies to 3itfe by virtue of this ACt; but if a VerdiCf (hall be given for no greater or for a lefs Sum than Ihall have been fo previoufly offered by or on the Behalf of the faid Cotnmilfion-ers, then and in every (uch Cafe fuch Expences (hall be paid by the Owners of or Perfons interefted in the Premifes in queftion: Provided, that when-ever by Ablcnce any Pcrfon or Perfons lhaH have been prevented from treating with the faid Commifiioners, the Whole of fuch Colls and Expences (hall be borne and paid by the faid Commifiioners, or any Seven or more of them, and whenever any Cofts or Charges Ihall or may be payable to the faid Commifiioners, fuch Cofts and Charges (lull and may be deducted out of the Sum to be paid by the faid Commilfioners to the faid Owners or Perfons reflectively interefted.

Provifion for XL. And be it further enacted. That if any Money (hall be agreed or Application ^ awarded to he paid for any Lands.Tenements, or Hereditaments purchafed, "itionwbcre" taken, or ufeci, by virtue of the Powers of the faid recited ACt or this ACt, for «quilto a.oI. the Purpofes thereof, which (hall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Feoffee inTrult, Executor, Adminiftrator, Hufband, Guardian, • Committee or other Truftee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Idiot, Fcfnes Covert, or other Ceftuique Truft, or to any Perfon whole Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are limited in ftridt or other Settlement, or any Perfon under any other Diiability or Incapacity whatfoever, fuch Money (hall, in cafe die fame (hall be equal to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in

3	the

33

48’ GEORGII 111. Cap. 2.

the Name and with tlje-.PfivUy^bf the'A'cchutitiift-Generat of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there tx parte the faid CommifEoicrs, to ;he Intent thaf luch'IVIoney may'be applied under the Dired.ion and with the Approbation of the'faid Couth, to be fignified by an Order made upon a‘Petition to be preferred in a fummavy Way by the Perfon or Petfons who utould have been entitled to the'Rems and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchafd or Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the Dilcharge of. any Debt or Debts, or other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, affe&ing the fame Lands,; Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affttrting other Lands* Tenements, ..or , Hereditaments, (landing fettled therewith, to the fame or the . like U&.*, Intents, or Purpofcs, or where fuch Money (hall not be To applied, then the fame (hall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction, and Appiobation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which (hall be conveyed and fettled td, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trulls, Intents, and Purpofcs, and in the fame Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which (hall be lo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid, Hood fettled or,limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement (hall be exifiing, undetermined, and capable of taking Effeft; and, in the mean Time, and until fuch Purch.de (hall be made, the laid Money (hall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the faid Accountant-General, in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated Bank Annuities, or Three Pounds per Centum Redured Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the faid Bank Annuities lhall be ordered by the laid Court ot Chancery to be fold, for the Purpole aforefaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the faid Confoiidateil or Reduced Bank Annuities (hall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the laid Court to the Perfon or Perf >ns who Would, for the l ime being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of (he faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fo hereby directed to be purchafed, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

XLI. Provided always, and be it furthjr enabled, That ifany Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchafed, taken, or uled for ihe Purpoles aforefaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Petfon or Perfons under any Difability or Incapacity as afortfaid, (hall be iefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and (hall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds,-then and in all fuch Cafes the fame (hall (at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Kents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed. taken, or uled, or of his, her, cr their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their re-fpeftive Hands) be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name, and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before direfted, or other wife the fame lhall be pa d at the like Option to Two Tiurtees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by- Five or more of the faid Commilfioncrs, (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fig. nified in Writing, under the Hands ot the nominating and approving Paitits), in order thatTech principal Money and Dividends arifing th< rc.

[Loc, Es5.Per.]	I	frcm

Provtfion for Application of CompsnU-rion where lels th3rt 2001, and exceeding 201.

34

Provifich for the Application of Monty where left than lol-

In cafe of not making out Title*,

or if Perfons cannot be found. Pur-chafe Money to be paid into the Bank.

Su'jett to the Order ofCourt ot c:hanceiy on Motion.

Whe-e anv Qucltion (hall ante touching the Title to Money to be paid, the Per fon who (hall be in Poll'ef. lion of the

48° GEORGI1 III. Cap. 2.

from may be applied in Manner herein-before direfted, fo far as the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the faid Court of Chancery.

XLII. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That where fuch Monty fc agreed or awarded to be paid as laft before mentioned, fhali be lefs than the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhali be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Te. nements, and Hereditaments, fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, for the Pur-pofes of the faid recited Ad or this Aft, in fuch Manner as the faid Com-miffioners (ball direft ; or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then fuch Money fhali be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit cf fuch Perfon or Perfons fo thrilled refpeftively.

XLIII. And be it further enafted. That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money (hall be awarded for the Purchafeof any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed by virtue of the faid recited Aft or this Aft, fhali refufe to accept the fame, or (hall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifcs, to the Satisfaction of the faid Commif-floners ; or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons, to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money (hall be fo awarded asaforefaid, cannot be found, or if the Perfoh or Perfons enmled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, benot known or difeovered, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhali and may be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, or any Five or more of them, to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded as aforefaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name, and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties ihterefted in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, [defciibing them], fubjeft to the Order, Controul, and Difpofition of the faid Court of Chancery ; which faid Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, fhali be and is hereby empowered, in a (umtnary Way of Proceeding, or otherwife as to the fame Court fhali feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Dlftribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpeftive Eftate or Eftates, Title, or Interert, of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court fhali feem juft and reafonable ; and the Calhitr or Cafhiers of the Bank of England, who fhali receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhali pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bankas aforefaid.

XL1V. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That where any Quef-tion (hall ai ife touching the Title of any Pctfon to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General ot the Court of Chancery, in putfuance of ihe faid recited Aft or this Aft, for the Purchale of any L.mds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Eftate, Right, or -lntcrcft, in any Lands,

2	Tenements

+8° GEORG!Io Hh Cap. 2.	35

Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed in purfuance of the ^Yhe%vme faid recited Act or this Ad, or to any Bank Annuities to be cf iu?h Pur-purchafed with any fuch Money, or the Dividends or Inierelt of any fuch chrO, ftr l! be Bank Annuities, the Perl'on or Perfons who (hall have been in Poffeffion lt,tiid'.hereto of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of fuch Pur- according to chafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Per Ton or Perfons, or under the Poffeffion of fuch Perfon or Perfons (ball be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch Poffeffion, until the contrary fhall be (hewn to the Satif-taftion of the faid Court of Chancery, and the Dividends and Intercft of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, (hall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it (hall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Poffeffion was a wrongful Pofli-flion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intereil therein.

XLV. Provided alfo, and be it further enafled, That when by reafon of ch'nc°rym°y any Difabiliiy or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons or Corporation entitlrd order reafon-.to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed under the of'^rcha'eV* Authority of the faid recited A<ft or this A61, the Purchafe Money for to be pii'l by the fame (hall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and the T,ulttci-to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hciedita-ments, to be fettled to the like Ufes in purfuance of this Adi, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purcbafes from l ime to Time to be made in pur-luance of the faid recited Adi or this Adt, or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Court (hall deem realonjble to be paid by the faid Cominifiioners out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Adi, who (Trail from Time to Time pay fuch Sum or Sums of Money for fueja Purpofts as the faid Court (hall direct.

XLVI. And be it further enafted, That all Sales, Conveyances, and AfTur-	Con'

ances of any Lands, Tenements, or Here litaments, to be made to the ’ laid Commiffioners and their Succefibrs, (ball be made on Parchment, in the Form or to the Effect following; (videlicet').

I A. B. of	in	Conftderarion	of	the	Sum of

to me paid by the Commlflioners for improving the City of Winchcjler, afling by virtue of Two Adis made in the Eleventh and Fopy-eighch Years of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [herefet forth the Titles of the Adi'] do hereby grant and convey to the faid Commiffion-ers and their Succeffors, all [here describe the Premifes to be conveyed'] and all my Righr, Title, ana Interdt to and in the fame and every Part thereof, to hold to the faid Commiffioncr. and their Succeffors for ever. In Witnefs whereof I have hereunto fet my Hand and Seal this Day of	in	the Year of our Lord	.*

And every fuch Sale, Conveyance, and A durance, fo made, ffiall be good, valid, and effedtual, to Veff the Premifes, lb conveyed, in the faid Commiffioners and their Succeffors, freed and abfolutely acquitted and difeharged of and fretn all Claims, Right', Inteiefts, Charges, and Incumbrances of all Pei Tons whpmfoever, to all Intents and Purpofcs what-foever, any Law, Statute, Ufage, or Cuflum to thsp cjntrary noiwith-flanding.

XLVII. And

36

Provifion for Payment of Purchase Mo« neyv&.c. ami lor veiting of Property in the Comu if. doners*

Power for de* livery of P*>f* fe£Bon of Property pur* cliafcd*

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

XLVlI. And he it further enaded, That every Sum of Money to be agreed for, awaided, or a defied as aforefaid, (hall be paid out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Adi, to the Party or Parties refpedively entitled to fuch Monies, or to their Agents, and upon Payment thereof, or in cafe of Rtfufal to accept the fame, on placing the fame in the Bank of England, in Manner by this Ad diredted (whether luch Conveyance as aforefaid (hall or (ball net be made) all the Eftate, Right, Title, Intertft, Ufe, Truft, Property, Claim, and Demand, in Law and Equity, of the Petfon or Perfons icfprdively to whofe Credit or Ufe the fame (hall have been paid in, to, and out of fuch Lands, Buildings, Houfes, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, (hall veft in the (aid Commiflioners and their Suc-ceflots, in Truft, for effeding the Purpofes of this Adt, and they fhail be deemed in Law to be in the adtual Stifin or Pofleflion thereof, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, as fully and effedtually as if every Perfon having any Eftate in the Premifes had adtually conveyed the fame by Leafe and Releafe, Bargain and Sale enrolled, Feoffment with Livery of Seifin, Fine, Common Recovtry, Surrender, or any other Conveyance or A.ffurance whatfoever, and fuch Payments fball not only bar all Right, Title, Inter eft, Claim, and Demand of the Perfon or Perfons to whole Ufe or Credit fuch Payments (hall have been made as aforefaid ; but alfo fball extend to and be deemed and conftrued to bar the Dower and Dowers of the Wife and Wives of fuch Perfon and Perfons, and {all Eftaies Tail and other Eftates in Pofleflion, Rcverfion, Remainder, or Expedancy and Iffue and Iffues of fuch Peifon and Perfons, and every Perfon claiming under them as effedtually as Fines or Common Recoveries would do if levied or fuffered by the proper Parties in due Form of Law.

XLVI1I. And be it further enaded,;That every Leffce 01 Tenant for Year* or at Will, and every other Perfon in Poffelhon of any Lands, Buildings, Floufes, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which fhail be purchafed by virtue and for the Purpofes of this Ad, {lull deliver up the Pofleflion of fuch Premiles to the faid Commiflioners, or any Seven or more of them, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they fhail appoint to take Pofleflion of the fame, upon having Notice from the Laid Commiflioners, or any Seven or more of them, or the Perfon or Perfons fo appointed by them, to quit the fame at fuch Time or Times as fhail be required by fuch Notice, they, the faid Commiflioners, or any Seven or more of them, or fuch Perfon or Perfons making fuch Satisfaction and Compenfation to every fuch Tenant or Leffee as aforefaid, in cafe he or fhe fhail be required to quit before the Expiration of his, her, or their Term in the Premifes, as the faid Commiflioners, or any Seven or moie of them, fhail deem jult and realonable; and in cale any Difpute or Difference fhail arife, touching or concerning the fame, fuch Satisfadion and Compenfation fhail be fettled and afeertained by a Jury, in fuch and the like Manner as the Satisfadion and Compenfation to be made by the faid Commiflioners for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, is and ate herein direded to be fettled ar.d afeertained, in cale of any Difference or Difpute about the fame; and fuch Perfon or Perfons in Pofleflion (hall at fuch Time or Times as he, (he, or they (hall be required by the faid Commiflioners, or any Seven or more of them, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Pofleflion of the laid Premifes to the faid Commiflioners, or to the Perfon or Perfons authorized by them, to

take

s 4»t> tn iiDJioao'^

. 4f GEORG1I III. Cep, 2,	|f

fake Polfl-fltbn therftT'f ^hd any foch Perfoft of Pcrfbns fo in Pefftflicfn Us afire-fa! I, fhall refafe to deliver up inch Puff ffion, then and in every fuch Cjft it'(krill arfti'toiiy be lawful Vo aftd for the farid Commifiionefs, br afly'-S'eVeh or rWote of’ih<*m, i& ifftte thtfif Pi'ecepf or Precepts to the Sheriff of the faid-Cui-hty of i'b’jtMnpi Mi'10 del.vd-r Pdfilltion of the Pre-tniles to Rich Perfonor Per ions as lhall ih"fuels Preceptor Precepts be no-tnmated to receive the fame ; and the laid Sheriff is hereby require i to deliver Poffeffion ofthefaidPrefnifes accordingly, and to fetfy Tuch Cofts as fhall accrue from theffwmg and Extcobfon- of foch Precept or Precepts on the Per Ton or Pe fotrs fu refuilhg to d; liver up Poffftpon as aforeLid, by Diftrefs and Sale of his, her, « tittrif Goods and Ghtittfe?^.

Ot.iijjiU* I . (j • & ' i *• ■ *lJ ;rj.	Si*.' il - j ,v>i Vv ,	I-

XI.IX. And be it further enafted, That'it fhallapd may be-fawful to and Power to re-for the laid Commiilioners, or any Seven or more of them, to fell, or a'ldio*£und* orhmvtft- difpole ot fuch Part er Parts of any Hon'fes, Budding’s, Lands, uteid- Haild-Tcnemenrs, or Hereditaments, which may have been purchalcd under the Authority of the faid recited Aft and this Aft, fbr the Potpofe of making luch Alterations or Imp'©' itments asaforefaitl, as may afterwards be found vmnecfffiiy for the Purpofe firft intended, to any Ptrfon or Perfons willing to purthale the fame ; af.d'tffift all Moflirs to be raiftd by any Sale ot Sales as afortfaid, lhall be a^dKcabl; fto the Puipbfes of the laid recited Aft and this Aft.	-fl

i	•	is	a*	I arts Oldiis'i ! "j! ■ :roi.» o I r,nu

L. Provided always,’and be it funhef enafted, That the faid Cottimif-fioners, or any7Seven or more of therrt, before they lhall fell and difpofe tro^'wnom of Rich Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (hall firft offer the lame km»l»<h»n for SalMo the Perfiln or Perfons refpeftively from whom they fhall j}u?'nb|f|^ ihilve pdfi-hafftl-ftich Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; and in cafe by the tom. Yuthf Pdrfon or Perfons fftffl noc then and thereupon agree, or lhall refute	e

to ftpubdiale the fame,‘then and in every fuch Cafe any Affidavit to be firtt oterof made and fworn before VMafter Extraordinary in the High Court of tl.RR'£urof ^Gnanrery, or before Otte of His Majefty’s Juffices of the Peace fur the tw e‘“erco* faid CkfoTWincie/ier, by fome Perlon or Perlons no ways interefted In the laid Lands, Tenerqents, or Hereditaments, Hating, that fuch Offer was made by or on Behalf of the Lid Cortlfniffioners, and that fuch Offer was- not theta and thereupon agreed to, or was refuted by the Pcrfon or Perfons to whom the fame was to offered, ‘.hall in all Courts whatfoever be l'uffacHcnt Evidence and Proof that fuch Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was refufed by the Perfon or Perfons to whom it was made (as the Cafe may be}.

LI. And whereas feveral of the public Bridges within the City and Budges. Parifttes aforefaid arc dangerous, arid in a very ruipous Condition, and 1) ubts have arifen whether the fame ought to be repaired arid maintained by the faid Commifiiorers, be it therefore enafted, That from and after the paffing of this Aft the faid Bridges' (except as herein-after mentioned) lhall be repaired, maintained, and kept in repair by the faid CommilTioners, out of the Monies to be rated, affeffed, and levied under chsr Authority of the faid recited Aft or this Aft, and that all the Poweri, Authorities, Rules, and Regulations contained in the faid recited Aft and thteAft, fhall (as far as the fame are applicable) extend to the repairing,

[Lee. & Per,J	K	maintaining.

3»

Recital of Aft 4« G. 3 c. 131.

Ground ufed it a Carriage Way to be paved.

Victuallers not tu fufter Watchmen, &c. to be in their Houles during the Hour» of Duty.

4S°GEORGII III. Cap.2.

maintaining, keeping up, altering, widening, or improving the faid Bridge* (except as herein-after mentioned); Provided always, tliac nothing herein contained lhall extend or be conftrued to extend to authorize or oblige the f id Coinmiflioners to repair or maintain the Bridges at Durngate belonging to the Mill called Durngate Mill, or the B'idges aejoining to the North Side of the Mills called Seagrim’s Mills, or to repair or maintain any Part or Parts of the Stalling of any Brook, River, or XVatercourfe, except the Part or P*rts of fuch Stalling as lhall next adjoin to a public Foot, Horfe, or Carriage Way: Provided alfo, that nothing herein contained ihail extend or be conftrued to extend to oblige the faid Commiflioners to repair or maintain any Part or Parts of the Stalling againft the Wtft Side of the River called the IVeirs, running from the Soke Biidge to Seagrim’s Mils aforefaid.

L1I. And whereas, by an Ad pafiVd in the Forty-firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An Act for completing the common Gaol now building in and for the City of Winchette-, and for purchafing certain Buildings within the faid City for widening the Avenues thereto, the Com-xniflioners appointed for carrying the faid Ad into Execution were authorized to purchafe, and cauie to be pulled down, fevrral Houfes and Buildings therein deferibed, and to lell the Mateiials thereof, and caul'c the fame to be removed, and immediately after luch Removal to caufe the Ground on which the faid Houfes and Buildings ftood, together with that on which the then late Gaol or Bridewtll was ereded, to be cleared, levelled, and laid open, and fo to continue for ever: And whereas the faid Commiflioners have accordingly purchafed and caul'ed the faid H' ufes and Buildings to be pulled down, and have fold the laid Materials thereof, and caufed the fame to be removed; and the faid Ground on which the faid Houfes and Buildings ftood, wiih that on which the faid Gaol or Bridewell was encted, to be cleared, levelled, and laid open, and the fame now lies open, and is ufed for a public Carriage Way, but is in Want of Repair \ be it therefore enadted, That from and after the paffing of this Att, the faid Ground fo laid open as aforefaid, and ufed for a public Carriage Way, lhall be paved, repaired, fwept, cleanfed, and lighted by the faid Commiflioners tor carrying into Execution the faid recited Adt of the Eleventh Year of the Reign ot His prefent Majefty, and this Act, in like Manner, and with the like Powers, and under the fame Rules and Regulations, as the other Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Gateways, and other public Paflages within the City and Parifhes aforefaid, are authorized and diredtcd to be paved, repaired, fwept, cleanfed, ancl lighted.

LIII. And be it further enadted, That if any Victualler or Keeper of a Public Houfe or Cellar, fhall knowingly and willingly harbour or tnter-tain any Watchman employed by the faid Commiflioners, or permit or fuflfer any fuch 'Watchman to remain in fuch his or her Public Houfe or Cellar during any Part of the Time appointed for their being on Duty, every fuch Victualler or Keeper of a Public Houfe or Cellar, lhall for every luch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding 'Pen Shillings.

LIV. And

48° CEORGII III. Cap. 2.

LIV. And be it further enafted, That it (hail and may be lawful to and forthefaid Coinmiflioners, to give fuch Rewards tn Money to Watchmen as may be difabled, wounded, or hurt in the Execution of their Duty, as they the faid Commiflioners lhal! think teafonable ; luch Money to be paid out of any Money to be railed for the Puipofcs of this Ad.

LV. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon tr Perfons fhall ihink himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved by any Rate or AIT dm mu which fhall be made in purluanceof the laid firft recited Ad or this Ad, fuch Perfon or Perfons may apply to the faid Commiflioners, or ar.y Seven or more of them, at any Meeting to be holden within Fourteen Days next after Demand of fuch Rate or Aflcflment 5 but if no Meeting (hall be held within fuch Time* then at the next Meeting which (hall be held then after ; and the faid Commiflioners, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered, if they fhall think fuch Perfon or Perfons aggrieved, to give fuch Relief in the Pretnifes as to them (hall feem reafonable.

LVI. And be it further enaded, That it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, or any Nine or more of them, if they fhall think it expedient, to bring or caufe to be brought any Adion or Adions of Debt or Ipecial Adion on the Cafe in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at We/lminjler, for all or any of the Rates or Aflcflinents to be made by virtue of the faid full recited Ad or this Act, in which Action or Actions it fhall be fufficient for the laid Commiflioners to declare that the Defendant is indebted to them in the Sum of Money they fhall fuppofe to be due for Rates or Afieflinents under the faid firll recited Act or this Act; and in cafe the faid Commiflioners fhall recover fuch Sum fo declared for, or any Part thereof, they fhall have and recover full-Cods, to be levied and recovered as other Monies upon Judgments are now by Law levied and recovered, in which Action or Actions no Efloign, Protection, or Wager at Law, or more than One Imparlance fhall be allowed.

LVII. And be it further enaded. That whenever any Aftion or Suit fhall be brought by the Order of the faid Ccmmiflioners, or any Nine or more of them, againfl any Perfon or Perfons, by virtue or in purfuance of the faid full recited Aft or this Aft, the fame mav be brought in the Name cf their Treafurer or Clerk on Behalf of the laid Commiflioners, and no fuch Adion or Suit fhall abate or be difeontinued by the Death or Removal cf fuch Treafurer or Clerk, or by any Aft or Default of fuch Treafurer or Clerk, done or fullered without the Confent 01 Direction of the Commiflionc s for rhe Time being, or any Nine or more of them, but the Treafirer or Clerk to the Commiflioners for the Time being, lhall always be deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in fuch Aftion or Suit (as theCalemay be): Provided always, that all Cufts and Expences to be incurred by or on Behalf of the faid Commiflioners, or any Pcrlon or Perfons employed by them in profecuting or defending any Aftion or Suit, touching the Execution of this Aft, fhail be defrayed outef the Money arifing by virtue of the faid fitft recited Aft and this Aft, unlels fuch Aftiun or Su t fhall arile in confequence of the wilful Ncgieft or Default of fuch Treafurer or Clerk, or unlefs it (hall have been brought, commenced, *	„	or

39

Com iflion-ersin.iy reward Watch-

iiiCn.

Perf»n« a?* grieved may apply to the Commiifiofi-cr$.

Comrr.ifficn-era may bring Actions for Kates*

Anions may be brought ia the Name of the Treafurer *r Clerk.

40

Repeal of Appeal Cla in ii Geo.

Appeal.

4Ba GEORGII III. Cap.2.

or defended, without the Order or Diredionof the faid Commillionei'Sj or any Nine or more of them.

tVIII. And whereas it is by the faid recited Ad enaded, that if any Per* 3,' fon or Pcrfons (hould think himfelf, herleif, or thenifelves aggrieved by any Thing done in purfuance thereof, fuch Perfon or Pcrlons (hould and might, within Thrte Calendar Months next after the Caufe of Complaint /hould arife, appeal to the Juflices of the Peace at the General Quarter Seffi >ns of the Peace to be holden in and for the County of Southampton, fuch AppcHant or Appellants firfi giving or caufing to be given Notice in Writing of his, her, or their Intention to bring fuch Appeal, and of the Cauie or Caufcs ther of, to the C'eik or T eafurer of the faid Commil* fioners, within Two Days next after fuch Notice entering into a Recognizance or Recognizances, before fome Juftice of the Peace in and for the faid County, with Two fufficient Sureties conditioned to try fuch Appeal mentioned in fuch Notice, and abide the Order and pay fuch Cofts as /hould be awarded by the Juflices of the faid County ; and the Matter of fuch Appeal (hould be heard and determined by the faid Juflices for the faid City and County at the next General Scflions of the Peace to be held in and for the faid County, or any Adjournment thereof, or at any Adjournment of the then laft General Se/Tuns of the Peace in and for the faid County, which of the three (hould fird happen next after the Expiration of Twenty Days from the Day of giving fuch Notice, and the faid Juflices at fuch Seflions or Adjournments, upon due Proof of fuch Notice being given, and of the entering in o fuch Recognizance or Recognizances, fhould hear and finally determine the Caufes and Matters of fuch Appeal in a fummary Way, and award fuch Cods for the Appellant or Appellants or Relpondentor Refpondents, as they the faid Jultices (hould think proper, and the Determination of fuch Jultices (hould be final, binding, and conclufive to all Parties concerned or interefted therein : And whereas the faid Provifton has been found ineffectual j be it therefore enacted. That fo much of the faid recited Act fnall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

LIX. Provided always, and beitfurther enabled, That if any Perfon or Perlons (ha)l think himfelf, herfelf, or chemfelves aggrieved by any Rate or AflelTment which (hall be made or be demanded in puifuance of the faid fird recited Ad or this Ad, after an Appeal made to the faid Com-miflioners in Manner hereby clireded, againfl fuch Rate or AdVffment.or if any Perfon or Pcrfons (hall think himfelf, herfelf, or themfeives aggrieved by any O.der, Judgment, or Determination of the faid Com-miflioners, or by nr\y Penalty impofed, or by any Convidion made, or by any other Thing done in purluance of this Ad (lave and except in fuch Cafes where any Order, Judgement, or Determination is therein or herein directed to be, final or conclufive, and fave and except in fuch Cafe9 for which any particular Method of Relief is therein or herein appointed) fuch Perfon or Perfons may appeal to the Juflices of the Peace at any general Quarter Scflions of the Peace to be holden for the faid County of Southampton, within Four Calendar Months next after the Caufe of Complaint (hall have ar.fen, or at any Adjournment of fu-h Selfions, the Perfon or Perfons appealing firft giving or caufing to be given to the Clerk to the 3	faid

41

48*GEORGII III. Cap.2.

laid Comm'iTioners, Fourteen Days Notice in Writing of his, her, of their Intention to bring fuch Appeal, and of the Caufc or Matter thereof, and forthwith after fuch Notice, and before any Diftrefs (hall be taken in confequence of any fuch Convidion, entering into a Recognizance before ome Jufticeofthe Peace for the faid County, with fufficient Sureties, conditioned to try fuch Appeal, and to abide the Order of and to pay fuch Colts as (hall be awarded by the Juftices at fuch SefTions or Adjournment thereof, and the Juft ices at the faid Scflions or Adjournment thereof, upon due Proof of fuch Notice having been given, and of fuch Recognizance having been entered into as aforefaid, Ihall hear and finally determine every fuch Appeal in a fummary Way, and award fuch Cofts to the Party appealing or appealed againft: as the faid Juftices Ihall think proper, and (hall and may, at their Difcretion, difeharge or mitigate all or any of the Penalties or Forfeitures incurred by the Party or Parties appealing, and the Determination of the faid Juftices in their faid general Quarter Seftions or Adjournment thereof, (hall be final, binding, and condufivc, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

LX. And be it further enaded, That no Adion or Suit'ftiall be brought, commenced, or profecuted againft any Pcrfon or Perfons, for any Thing done in purtuance of the faid recited Ad or this Ad, unlefs Twenty-one Days’ Notice thereof (hall be firft given in Writing to the Clerk or Trea-furer to the faid Commiflioners, figned by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or unlefs the fame (hall be commenced before the Expiration of Six Months next after the Fad committed, or unlefs Tender of reafonable Amends hath not, or (hall not have been made by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Adion or Suit, nor unlefs fuch Adion or Suit (hall be laid or brought in the County of Southampton, and the Defendant or Defendants in any Adion or Suit to be commenced for any Thing dune in purfuance of the faid recited Ad or this Ad, Ihall and may plead the General I(Tur, and give the faid recited Ad and this Ad, and the fpecial Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the Mat* ter or Thing for which fuch Adion or Suit (hall be brought was done in purfuance and by the Authority of the faid recited Ad and thisAd, and if fuch Matter or Thing (hall appear to have been fo done, or if it (hall ap* pear that fuch Adion or Suit was brought beforeTwenty-oneDays*Notice thereof was given in Writing to the Clerk or Treafurer to the faid Commit fioners, figned by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if it (hall appear that fuch Aclian or Suit was not commenced before the Expiration of Six Months next after the Fad committed, or if it (hall appear that Tender of rcafon* able Amends was made by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Adion or Suit before fuch Adion or Suit was commenced or brought, or fuch Adion or Suit (hall be brought in any other County or Place, than in the County of Southampton, that then the Jury (hall find fur the Defendant or Defendants, and upon fuch Verdid, or if the Plain* tiff or Plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited, or ddcontinue his, her, or their Adion or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants Ihall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment Ihall be given againft the Plaintiff or Plain, tiffs, the Defendant or Defendants fhall and may recover Treble Cofts, and Ihall have fuch Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants bath or have in any other Cafes of Law.

Hoc. V Per.]	L	LX I. And

Limitation of Attioni.

General lITne.

42

Public Act.

48‘GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

LXI. And be it further enafted, That this Aft (hall be deemed ftid taken to be a Public Aft, and (hall be judicially taken notice of as filch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being (pecially pleaded.

:	-j	«IT'S UfsdJ

---1 .1" »---™

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahaw,

Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majefty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

******************************************************

Cap. 3.

An A£l for amending and enlarging the Powers of the feveral A&s relating to the Oxford CanalNavigation.

[iith.March 1808.]

WHEREAS an Aft was pafled in the Ninth Year of the Reign of

His prefent Majefty, intituled. An Ad for making and maintain- 9 G‘ *' ing a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford: And whereas an Aft was pafled in the Fifteenth Year i5 g 3- c. 9. of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An Ad to amend an Ad made in the Ninth Tear of the Reign of His prefent Majefly,for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford : And whereas an Aft was pafled in the Twenty-fixth Year 26 G. 3. c. *oj of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An Ad to amend and render more ejfedual Two Ads of the Ninth and Fifteetb Tears of his prefent Maje/iy, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford : And whereas an Aft was pafled 34. G. 3 c.103. in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled,

An Ad for amending and altering certain Ads of Parliament for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the Citv of Oxford : And whereas an Aft was pafled in the Thirty-ninth Year 89 g. 3. c. 3. of the Reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An Adfor explaining, amending, and rendering more effedual feveral Ads, paffed in the Ninth, Fifteenth,

Twenty-fixth, and Thirty-fourth Tears of the Reign of His prefent Majejly, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford: And whereas an Aft was pafled in the Forty* 4? G> s feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Ad for amending and altering feveral Ads for making and maintaining a Navigable [Loc. Es* Per.]	M	Canal

46

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford: And whereas the faid Canal hath been completed and finilhed; but the faid Acts are in fome refpefts found defective and infufficient for the feveralPur-pofes thereby intended, and it is expedient that the Powers and Provifions thereof fhould be altered, amended, and enlarged: May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted, by the King’s molt Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affem-s»id Acts dc- bled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid recited Afts made fuuVor°ee " in the Ninth, Fifteenth, Twenty-fixth, Thirty-fourth, Thirty-ninth, and and Effect. Forty-feventh Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford, and all and every the Tolls, Duties, Clatrfes, Powers, Exemptions, Rules, Regulations, Remedies, Penalties, Forfeitures, Articles, Matters, and Things whatfoever therein contained (fave and except fuch Parts of the fame as relate to any Exemption from Stamp Dudes, and as are by this Act varied, altered, or repealed) (hall be and the fame is and are hereby declared to be in full Force and Effect, and lhall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying the fevcral Purpofes of this Aft into Execution in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Pur-poles whatfoever, as if the fame had been repeated and re-enafted in the Body of this prefent Aft.

II. And whereas by the faid recite,d Aft, paffed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty,it was enafted, That it Ihould and might be lawful for the then next General Affembly of Proprietors, to be held for the Purpofes of the faid Navigation, to meet at the Three Tuns in Banbury in the County of Oxford, or at fome other Houfe in Banbury, upon Wednefday next before the Firft Day of May One thoufand feven hundred and feventy-five, and to hold their Meetings upon Wednefday next before the Firft Day of May, and Wednefday next bd'ore the Firft Day of September in every Year for the future, at or before the Hour of Twelve of the Clock at Noon : And whereas the holding of ftie faid General Affemblies of Proprietors at Banbury aforefaid bas been found at Times inconvenient, and it would for the future be more convenient to have the fame hclden in the City of Oxford, or at fome other Place within Six Miles of the Line of the faid Canal; be it therefore enafted. That from and after the palling of this Aft, fo much of the faid recited Aft as direfts the faid General Affemblies to meet at Banbury, fha.ll be and the fame is hereby repealed.

Genera! AC- HI- And be it further enafted, That it lhall and may be lawful for the temblies t > he next Two General Affemblies of Proprietors, to be held for the Purpofes Oxford-mC °f faid Afts and this Aft, to meet in the City of Oxford upon Wed-vefday next before the Firt Day of May, and Wednefday next before the Firft Day of September, One thoufand eight hundred aud eight, and every fubfequent General Aflembly of the faid Company of Proprietors lhall meet in the fiiid City of Oxford, on Wednefday next before the Firft Day of May, and Wednefday next before the Firft Day of September in every Year for the future, at or before the Hour of Twelve of the Clock at Noon: •Provided -always, that if at any d ime or Times it lhall appear fitting and convenient to the Committee of the laid Company, that fuch General Af-femblies fitould be held at any ether Place .than the faid- City of Oxford, then 3	■	it

For altering the Place for holding the General Affemblies of the Company.

4S°GEORGII hi. Cap. 3.

47

it ihali and may be lawful to hold fuch General Aflemblies, at fuch Place within the Diftance of Six Miles of the Line of the fald Canal, as to the faid Committee may appear proper: Provided always, that in every fuch Cafe the faid Committee fhall caufe publick Notice to be given by Adver-tifement in fome Newfpaper, printed or circulated in the faid County of s'otic; of Oxford, and alfo in the County in which fuch General Aflembly is propofed	fo"be

to be held (if the fame be not propofed to be held in the City of Oxford) giTCU. of the Place, Day and Hour of holding any fuch General AlTembly, which Place (hall be within the Diftance aforefaid, and which Day and Hour lhall be and continue the fame as if fuch General Aflemblies were continued to be held at Banbury, and the faid Advertifements for fuch Purpofe fhall be publilhed Fourteen Days at leaft previoufly to the Day of holding fuch General Affembly ; and all and every the Matters and Things done or executed at the faid refpeftive General Aflemblies fhall be as good, valid, and effectual as if fuch General Aflemblies had been holden at Banbury, any Thing in the faid recited Afts or any of them to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanaing.

For repealing certain Regulations contained in 15 G» 5. refpecting the Transfer ofAliignmentS for Snms exceeding tool.

IV.	And whereas by the faid Aft, patted in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, certain Rules, Regulations, and Proviflons were enafted for the transferring, producing, notifying, regiftering, and entering, and otherwife touching and relating, to the Transfers from Time to Time to be made of the Mortgages or Allignments which the faid Com-,pan,v were by the faid Aft authorized to make as Securities for the Money which they were thereby empoweredto raife; but fuchRules,Regulations,and Provifions are therebymadeto apply only to fuch of thefaidSecurities as arefor Sums exceedingOne hundred Pounds: And whereas a precife Form of Transfer was by fuch Aft preferibed and required to be endorfed on fuch Securities : And whereas it is fitting and convenient that fuch Securities or Aflign-ments, made or granted by the faid Company for Sums not exceeding One hundred Pounds, Ihould be fubjeft to the like Rules, Regulations and Provifions as fuch Securities or Allignments, exceeding the Sum of One hundred Pounds are fubjeft to, and fuch precife Form of Transfer and En-dorfement Ihould not be required ; be it therefore enafted, That from and after the pafling of this Aft, fo much ol the laft-mentioned Aft as exempts fuch Securities or Allignments which do not exceed the Sum of One hundred Pounds, or the Holders or Truftees entitled to the fame, from the Rules, Regulations, and Provifions aforefaid, and alfo fo much thereof as requires fuch precife Form of Tranfer and Endorfement, lhall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

V.	And be it further enafted. That in cafe of any Transfer to be made Tnrurei« of from and after the pafling of this Aft, of any of fuch Securities or A1- ^'momctcx--lignments made in purfuance of the faid recited Afts or any of them, for ceeding 100I. any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, all and every the Rules, ^/faine* Regulations, and Provifions contained in the faid laft-mentioned Aft, with tcgui nons regard to the transferring, and of producing, notifying, regiftering, and entering, and otherwife relating to Transfers of fuch Securities or Aflign- je'r i«oi. U* meats,where the Sum exceeds One hundred Pounds, lhall to all Intents and Purpofe.; be in force and be ufed and applicable with refpeft to Sums not exceeding One hundred Pounds, and the Holders and other Per-

fons entitled or who may become entitled to fuch laft-mentioned Securities, lliall to all Intents and Purpofes be bound by and fubject thereto ; Provided

always,

4S

Wharfs and Wareho .fr«, Ac. to be cf-t.iblifhed at Oxford and other Places where neceffary.

Power to pur-chale Lands for thofe Pur-pofci.

RepeaIi"K a ce ta it Pa't of p G, s. re-la ring to de-politing of t eon. and oihrr Ai licit» on the Wharfs of the iiid company.

48* GEORG 11 III. Cap. 3.

always, that it (hall not be deemed neceffary hereafter, in transferring from Time to Time fuch Securities, whether for Sums exceeding or for Sums not exceeding One hundred Pounds, to ufe the precife Form of Words of Transfer in the faid Act contained, or to indorfe fuch Transfer on the Back of fuch Security, but it (halt be lawful to ufe any legal or valid .Form of Transfer for all fuch Securities, of whatever Amount, and to have the fame made by a fepaxate Inftrument.

VI.	And whereas the faid Company of Proprietors find it expedient and neceffary, for the better conducing of the Trade of the faid Canal, to eflablifh a Wharf, Warehoufes, and other Buildings in the City of Oxford aforefaid, and may alfo hereafter find it expedient and neceffary to eftablifh other Wharfs, Warehoufes, and other Buildings for the Purpofe aforefaid, in other Situations ; but the Powers and Provifions of the faid recited Ads are infufficient for fuch Purpqfe; be it therefore further enabled, That it fhall be lawful for the laid Company of Proprietors of the faid Oxford Canal Navigation, and they are hereby authorized to purchafe and hold any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which ffiall or may be found neceffary for the Purpofe of ereding and building fuch Wharfs, Warehoufes, and other Buildings, accordingly as aforefaid, in fuch and the fame Manner as in and by the faid recited Ads or either of them is direded or authorized with refped to fuch Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments as have been or fhall or may be purchafed for the Ufe of the faid Oxford Canal Navigation, under and by virtue of the fame Ads, without incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain, as aforefaid ; and alfo that it ffiall be lawful for the faid Company of Proprietors of the Oxford Canal Navigation to refell in Fee, or to demife for Terms of Years on Chief or other Rents, and alfo to fell and difpofe of, by Way of abfolute Sale, for a Confideration in Money, or in Exchange for other Lands, Tenemcnts, or Hereditaments, fuch Part or Parts of the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to he purchafed under or by virtue of this Ad, and the Edifices, Erections, and Buildings thereon, or to be thereon ereded and built, as fhall not be wanted for the Purpofe of the faid Oxford Canal Navigation and Works, and likewifeto fell all or any Part or Parts of the fame Chief or other Rents; provided always neverthelefs, that no fuch Purchafe of any fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments ffiall be made, by virtue or under the Authority of this Ad, without the Confent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and fuch Lands fo to be made ufe of for fuch Wharfs and Buildings fhall not exceed Ten Statute Acres in theWhole, any Thing in the faid recited Ads, or either of them or this Ad, contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithflanding.

VII.	And be it further enaded. That fo much of the recited Ad, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majeity, as declares that if any Iron, Ironftone, Coals, Lime for the Improvement of Land, or other Goods whatfoever, which fhould be navigated, carried, or conveyed on the faid Canal, fhould remain upon any Wharf belonging to the faid Company of Proprietors, their Succeilors or Affigns, for above the Space of Twenty-four Hours, then mid in fuch Cafe it fhould be lawful for the faid Company of Proprietors, their Succeflors and Afligns, to receive fuch Allowance over and above the Tonnage Rates therein limited as fhould be agreed upon between the faid Company of Proprietors, their Succeilors and Afligns,- or

,	.	their

49

48'GECRGII III. Cap.?,-

their Agent or Agents, and the Owner or Owners of fuel) Coals and other Goods, or in cafe of Difference concerning the fame, as fhould be afeer-tained by the faid Commifiioners named in the faid Aft, or any Five or more of them, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purpoles whatfoever.

VIII.	And be it further enabled, That from and after the palling of this Aft, if any Timber, Iron, Ironftonc, Coals, Lime_ for the approvement of Land, Goods, Wares, Merchandise, or other Matters or Things navigated or carried on the faid Canal, ihall be or remain upon any Wharf or Wharfs, Quay or . Quays belonging to the faid Company of Proprietors, for above the Space of Three Hours, then and in every Inch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Company of Proprietors to demand and take fucli Rates and Tolls, over and above and in addition to any other Rates or Tolls that may be demanded and taken for the fame, as fhall be agreed on between the faid Company of Proprietors, or their Agent or Agents,and the Owner or Owners of fuch Timber, Iron, Ironftone, Coals, Lime, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or other Matters or Things, his, her, or their Servant or Servants.

IX And whereas it was by the faid Aft, paffed in the Ninth Year of His prefent Majefty, enafted. That no Boat or other Veifel of lefs Burthen than Fifteen Tons, fhould pafs through any..of the Locks of the faid Navigation, without the Confent of the, faid Company of Proprietors, their Succeffors and Afligns, or their refpeftive Agents for the Time being, in Writing firft had and obtained : And whereas a Doubt has arifen whether a Boat or VefTel not aftually laden to the Amount of Fifteen Tons, may pafs through any of the faid Pocks: And whereas it would occafion very great Waite of Water, and be very, prejudicial to the faid Navigation, if all Boats or Veflels not .aftually laden to thb Amount of Fifteen Tons, were permitted to pafs1 ; be it therefore enafted. That no Boat or other VefTel, not actually and bond fide laden to the full Amount of Fifteen Tons, fhall pafs through any of the pock or. Locks of the faid Navigation without the Confent in Writing of the Committee cf the faid Company, or the principal Clerk to the fame (fuch Clerk being firft duly authorized to give fuch Confent); except Boats and Veflels, the Whole or greater Part of the Cargo whereof fhall confift of light Goods, Merchandize, and other light Articles.

X.	And whereas Doubts have arifen how far the faid Company of Proprietors are liable to repair the Roads leading to the Bridges already made, or which may happen to be made over the laid Canal; be it therefore further enafted. That from and after the paffing of this Aft, the faid Company of Proprietors fhall not be liable to. repair or amend any Part of the Roads approaching to any Bridge or Bridges made or to be made over the faid Canal, after fuch Roads (hall have been firft made arid ufed for One Year, and then put into good aiid fufficicnt Repair by .the faid Company of Proprietors, beyond or further than the Extremity of the Wing Walls of any fuch Bridge or Bridges; but nothing herein contained fhall be conftrued to exonerate the faid1 Company of Proprietors from the future Repairs of all fuch Bridges, and of the Wing Walls, Ramparts, and fide Banks thereof.

«	-■	*	• • 1 i J ' ' •* 4-. . il'iil '

[Loc. ft? Per.]	N	XL	And

ESablilhing other Kegu-litiocs tor that Purpofc.

Exptiining a Doubt at to certain Vef-tr'a paifing through Locks on the laid Canal.

Obviating certain Ooubts how far the Company arc li able to repair Kqad leading to Bridges.

5°

For preventing Frauds in loading Goods, &c.

For repealing eertain Powers in 34 G. 3. regnlating the I’alT'ge of Boats andVef-fels through theLocks, &c.

Power for the Company to regulate the Size and Shape of Boats navigating the faid Canal.

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

XI.	And whereas Frauds are often praftifed or attempted to be praftifad on the faid Company of Proprietors, by loading and unloading Goods and Merchandize at improper Places in a clandefline Manner; be it therefore enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons navigating or having the Care of any Boat, or other Veffel upon the faid Canal or Cuts, or any Part thereof refpeftively, fhall, with Intent to avoid the Payment of the Tolls, Rates, or Duties due and payable to the faid Company of Proprietors, load, unload, or take into any Boat, or other Veffel, any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities whatfoever, liable to pay any of the Tolls, Rates, or Duties due and payable to the faid Company, by virtue of the faid recited Afts or any of them, at any other Place or Places than at the publick or private Wharfs or Quays upon or belonging to the faid Canal or Cuts, without firft having obtained a Confent in Writing for that Pur-pofe from the Committee of the faid Company, or fome or One of the Agents or Collectors of the Tolls of the faid Company of Proprietors duly authorized for that Purpofe, or if any Perfon fhall do any other Aft, with Intent to evade the Payment of any fuch Tolls, Rates, or Duties, then and in every fuch Cafe every fuch Perfon fo offending fluill for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XII.	And whereas it was by the faid recited Aft, palled in the Thirty-fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, enafted. That if any Lock Keeper, Wharfinger, or other Servant belonging to or employed by the faid Company of Proprietors, fhould give any undue Preference or fhew any Parti, ality to any Boat or other Veffel in pafling through any Lock upon the faid Navigation, every Perfon fo offending fhould forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings to the Informer, to be recovered in like Manner as any Penalty was by the faid Afts or any of them direfted to be recovered ; be it therefore further enafted, That it fhall not be deemed an undue Preference in any Lock Keeper to permit any Boat or Veffel, Boats or Veflels, carrying Light Goods, Merchandize, or other Articles, and commonly called Fly Boats, to pafs any fuch Lock or Locks, before a Boat or Veffel laden with Coals, Timber, Stones, Lead, or other heavy Articles, in cafe fuch Fly Boats fhall be within the Diftance of Two hundred Yards of fuch Locks refpeftively.

XIII.	And whereas it is found expedient for the Safety and Prefervation of the faid Canal and the Locks, Bridges, Banks, and other Works thereof, to regulate the Shape and Form of Boats or Veflels pafling thereon ; be it enafted. That from and after the pafling of this Aft, no Boat, or other Veffel, which fhall pafs a Lock or be navigated upon any Part of the faid Cut or Canal, fhall have a fquare Head or Stern, or Projection at the Sides or Bottom thereof, or be conflrufted in any refpeft fo as to injure or tend to injure the Locks, Bridges, Mafonry, Banks, Lining, Puddling, or other Works of the faid Canal; and no Boat or Veffel fo built as to occafion fuch Injury, fhall be fuffered to pafs any Lock or be navigated on the faid Canal (except by the fpecial Permiffion of the Committee of the faid Company, or their Clerk for that Purpofe duly authorized) but the fame fhall and may be flopped and prevented from pafling any Lock or navigating the faid Canal by the faid Company, their Servants or Agents.

XIV.	And

4S°GEORGII III. Caps 3-

XIV.	And belt further enacted,That fo nuich of the faid recited Aft, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign’of His prefent Majefty, as declares that no Boatman or his Agent or Servants navigating any Boat or other Veiled upon the faid Cut-or Canal and pafting with any Boat or other Vef-ftl through any Lock to be made upon the faid Cut or Canal, fhould fuller the Water to remain in the hock longer than is neceffary for his Boat or other Velfel to pafs through any Inch Lock, and alio that-every fuch Boatman or other Perfon as aforefaid, in going down the faid Cut or Canal, (hould (hut the Lower Gates of luch Lock before he or they {hould draw the Cloughs of the Upper Gates thereof, and after he or they {hould have brought his or their Boat or other Veffel into the faid Lock, {hould {hut the Upper Gates before he or they fhould draw the Clough of the Lower Gate thereof, and in going up the faid Cut or Canal fhould, fo foon as he or they fhould have pafled with his or their Boat or other Veffel out of the faid Lock, {hut the Upper Gates of the faid Lock, and afterwards draw the Cloughs of the Lower Gates, unlefs there fhould be then a Boat or other Velfel in fight of the faid Lock coming down the faid Cut or Canal, in which Cafe th# Lower Gates of the faid Lock fhould be left {hut, and the Upper Gate {hould he left open ; and in all dry Seafons, when there fhould be a Scarcity of Water in the faid Cut or Canal, the Ve{fel going up the fame, if within fight of and at a Diftance not above Three hundred Yards below a Lock, {hould pafs through fuch Lock before the Velfel coming down, and then the Veffel next above fhould come down ; and if there were more Vefiels than One below and above any Lock at the fame l ime, in fuch dry Seafon, within the Diftance aforefaid (at which Diitance a Poft or Mark fhould be let up or made for that Purpofe) fuch Vefrels {hould go up and come down in fuch Locks by turns as aforefaid, till all the Vefiels going up or coming down fhould have pafled, by which Means One Lock full of Water might ferve Two or more Veffejs; and every Perfon offending in any of thefe Particulars, and being convicted thereof before any Juftice of the Peace, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witne'ffes, as alfo the Mailer or other Perfon having the Command of fuch Boat or Veffel, fhould forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings fliall be and the fame is hereby repealed and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

XV.	And be it further enafted. That from and after the pafling of this Aft, every Boatman and other Perfon navigating or having the Care of any Boat or other Veffel, in going down the faid Canal from a higher to a lower Level, fhall, previoufly to his bringing his Boat or Vellel into any Lock, fliut the Lower Gates of fuch Lock, and thePaddles or Sluices thereto belonging, before he fhall drawthe Paddles or Sluices of the upperGate thereof, and after he fhall have guided and brought his Boat or Veffel into the faid Lock, he fhall then Ihut the upperGate thereof, and the Paddles and Sluices thereto belonging, before he lhall draw the Paddles or Sluices of the Lower Gates thereof; and in going up the faid Canal from a lower to a higher Level, fuch Boatman or other Perfon fliall firft guide his Boat or Veffel into the faid Lock, and carefully flint the Lower Gates thereof, and the Paddles or Sluices thereto belonging, before he fhall draw the Paddles or Sluices of the Upper Gate thereof, and as foon as he fliall have pafled with his Boat or Veffel out of the faid Lock, fuch Boatman or other Perfon fhall fecurely (hut the Upper Gate thereof, and the Paddles or Sluices thereto belonging;

v> -• t*h'	I	“■ -"‘lJ and

51

So much of the recited Act 9 G 3. as refpects the navigating Vefiels on ti e Canal, repealed.

Pi rfons navigating Boats and palling thiough Locks, to fliut the Lmytr Gates of fuch Lock before they fhall draw the.Paddles or

shikfsgme ;

Upper Cides''

5

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

and at all Times, Boats or Veffels going up the faid Cut or Canal, if within fight of any Boat or Veffel coming down, and at a Diflance not exceeding Two hundred Yards below any Lock, fhall pals through fuch Lock before the Boat or VefTel coming down, and then the Boat or Veffel above fuch Lock fhall come down; and if there fhall be more Boats or Veffels than One below and above any Lock at the fame Time, within the Diflance atorefaid, fuch Boats or Veffels fhafl go up and come down through fuch Locks, by turns as aforefaid, until all the Boats or Veffels going up or coming down fhall have paffed the fame, in order that One Lock full of Water may ferve Two Boats or Veffels; and if any Perfon or Perfons fhall offend againfl any fuch Provifion or Provifions, Rule or Rules, Regulation or Regulations for entering or paffing any fuch Lock or Locks, or for the opening or fhutting any Gate or Gates thereof, or for drawing or fhutting the Paddles or Sluices thereof or any of them, then and in every fuch Cafe every fuch Perfon fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

verfuns	XVI. And be it further enacted. That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall

toniy opening wantonly or unneceffarily open or draw or caufe to be opened or drawn Locks, uz. any Lock, Paddle, Sluice, or Valve belonging to the faid Canal, or when neceffarily emptying a Lock for the Purpofe of paffing into or entering the fame, fhall negledl to fhut the Top Gate thereof and the Paddles or Sluices thereto belonging, before he fhall draw the Paddles and Sluices of the Bottom Gates thereof or any of them, or fhall wilfully fiufh or draw off, or caufe to be flufhed or drawn off the Water from any Part of the faid Canal, or fhall leave any Gate, Paddle, or Sluice of any Lock open after any Boat or Veffel fhall have paffed through the fame (except in fuch Cafes as are other.vife ordered) he or they fhall forfeit for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XVn. And be it further enadted, That fo much of the faid recited Adi, pafied m the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, as declares, that if the faid Company of Proprietors, their Succeffors or Afligns, fhould fail or negledl to mfpecfc or caufe the Mines therein mentioned to be infpedled within Thirty-one Days after the Receipt of the Notice thereby required to be given, then it fhould and might be lawful for the Worker or Workers of fuch Mines, and he, fhe, and they were thereby authorized to work and get fuch Part of the faid Mine lying under the faid Canal or collateral Cuts of the faid Company of Proprietors, or within the Diflance of Twelve Yards therefrom, fhall be and the fame is hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

content of the XVIII. And whereas by the faid Adi paffed in the Ninth Year of the Reign iianTowneri °f His prefent Majefty it was declared, that it fhould be lawful for the Lords to work Mines of Manors or Owners of Lands or Grounds upon or through which the faid "hcRMitVo ^anal or *ts Towing-paths, Wharfs, Quays, or Conveniences fhould be Eamiges. " made, to take and carry away the Mines, Minerals, or Quarries, lying within or under fuch Lands or Grounds not thereby injuring, prejudicing, or obftrudling the faid Cut or Canal, or its Towing-paths, Wharfs, Quays, Trenches, Sluices, Levels, Paffages, Watercourfes, or other Conveniences thereof: And whereas by the faid Adi paired in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, all Owners and Proprietors of

Mines,

53

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 3.

Mines, and all other Perfons whatfoever, were reflrained from working any Mines, or getting any Coals or other Minerals under the faid Canal or its Towing-paths, or under any Grounds within the Difiance of Twelve 'Yards from either Side of the faid Canal, on any Account whatfoever, without theConfent of the faid Company of Proprietors in Writing, under their Common Seal: And whereas Doubts have been raifed with refped to the Effed of giving fuch Confent; be it therefore further enaded, That the giving of fuch Confent asaforefaid by the faid Company of Proprietors,

{hall not be deemed to be a Waiver on the Part of the faid Company, their Succeffors and Afligns, of any Right to Damages or Reparation for any Injury, Prejudice; or Obftrudion done or occafioned to the faid Canal or its Towing Paths, Wharfs, Quays or other Conveniences by the working or carrying on fuch Mines, or getting the faid Coals or Minerals within the Diflance aforefaid, or under the faid Canal or its Towing Paths ; but that all fuch Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or other Perfons to whom fuch Confent may be given, {hall rtotwithflanding the fame be given, remain liable to all Suits and Actions, and other Remedies on the Part of the faid Company, for any Injury, Prejudice, or Obftrudion fo occafioned as aforefaid, in the like Manner as they would be and remain liable, either at Common Law, or by virtue of the faid recited Ad palled in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His faid prefent Majefty, any Thing in the faid recited Ad to the contrary notwith Handing.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That the faid Com- p°m1pa™rnot pany of Proprietors Ihall not be called upon or in any Manner liable to fining of pay or make good to any fuch Owner or Owners, or other Perfon or Per- shafts, etc. forts as aforefaid, by Way of Compenfation, Damages, or in any other Mariner whatever, the Expence of finking any Shaft or Shafts, or of any

other Works or Work, Preparation for any Works or Work, or any other Matter or Thing whatfoever, incidental to or done for, towards, or with a View' of working the faid Mines within the faid Diflance of Twelve Yards of the faid Canal or the collateral Cuts thereof, or incidental to or for, or towards, or with a View of continuing or extending, or proceeding with any fuch Work or Works, within fuch Diflance as aforefaid, but that all fuch Expences fo contraded fliall be deemed to be voluntarily and unne-ceflarily contraded on the Part of the Perfons fo contrading the fame, and the faid Company fhall not be required or compelled to pay and difcharge fuch Expences or any of them.

XX.	And whereas it might in fome Cafes be expedient that the faid	»ni1

Company of Proprietors fhould be authorized to enter into fpecial or par- Lands'™/ ticular Agreements with the Owner or Owners of the faid Mines, or other enter into Perfons working the fame, touching the getting Coal and carrying on fuch tflorCng Works within the Diflance of Twelve Yards aforefaid, upon fuch Terms Mines, etc. and Conditions as may be flipulated or agreed upon on both Sides ; be it therefore enaded. That from and after the palling of this Ad, it fhall be Tv- nty lawful for the faid Company of Proprietors, if they fhall fo think fit, and

for the Owner or Owners, or other Perfon or Perfons, if they fhall think fit, to enter into any Bond, Covenant, Inflrument, or Agreement for or touching the working of the faid Mines, or carrying on the faid Works under the faid Canal, or its collateral Cuts, or within the Diflance aforefaid, upon and fubjed to fuch Terms and Conditions as may from Time to Time be particularly flipulated and agreed upon in that Behalf, any [Loc. S35 Per.]	0	Thing

54

For the more eaf’y and. fpeedy Conviction of (Minders aga'nft the faid Acts and this Act.

Form of Conv'c.ion.

For paying the Expences of pa ng this Act.

Pnbiick Act.

48" GEORGII III. Cap. 1,

Thing in the faid recited Acts or any of them, or in this Aft, contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notvvithflanding; and all and every fuch Bonds, Covenants, Inflruments, or Agreements fo entered into for fuch laft-mentioned Purpofes, lhall be to all Intent* and Purpofes valid and binding on all the Parties thereto.

XXI.	And for the more eafy and fpeedy Conviction of Offenders again ft the faid recited Afts or any of them, or this Aft; be it further enacted. That every Juftice of the Peace, before whom any Perfon or Perfons fhall be convifted of any Offence or Offences againft the faid recited Afts or any of them, or this Act, fhall and may caufe the Conviftion to be drawn up according to the following Form; viz.

c DE it remembered. That on the	Day	©f

*	in	the	Year	of Our Lord

*	A. B. is convicted before	of	His	Majelty’s	Juflices

‘ of the Peace for the County of	{jPecfy‘nS

c the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where committed, as the ‘ Cafe may be]. Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year firft

*	above written.’

-	*	'■	•	*	EC'-	'

XXII.	And be it further enafted. That the C.olls, Charges, and Expences of applying for, obtaining, and paffing this Aft, and all Colts, Charges and Expences incident thereto, fhall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the faid Company of Proprietors of the Oxford Canal Navigation, out of any Money received or to be received by virtue of the faid recited Afts and this Aft.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted. That this Aft fhall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Aft, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juflices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

LONDON:

Printers

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, to the King’s moft Excellent Majcfly. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

i ;i u

Cap. 4.

An Ad for continuing and amending Two Ads of the Fifth and Twenty-feventh Years of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Hurjigreen to the Extent of the Parifh of Burwajh, in the County of Sujfex.	[nthMarch 1808]

IT TTIEREAS an Aft was pafled in the Fifth Year of His prefent ’a /\/ Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An Ad for repairing, widening, jC.j. c. 6* V * and keeping in Repair the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Hurffgreen, in the County of Sufiex, through Etchingham and Burwalh to the Extent of the faid Parifh of Burwalh, in the faid County : And whereas another Aft was pafled in the Twenty-feventh Year of His faid prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An Ad for continuing the Term and altering and >7 G. 3. c. 7*. enlarging the Powers of an Ad paffed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefly, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Hurftgreen, in the County of Suflex through Etchingham and Burwalh, to the Extent of the fid Parifh of Burwalh, in the faid County: And whereas the faid Afts are near expiring, and a con-liderable Sum of Money hath been borrowed and is now due and owing upon the Credit thereof, which Money cannot be repaid and the faid Road kept in good Repair, unlefs the faid Afts arecontihued for a further Term and the Tolls thereby granted increafed, and foine of the Powers and Pro-vilions contained in the faid Afts fhould be amended and altered, and other Powers granted : May it therefore pleafe Your-Majefty that it may be enafted;- and be it enafted by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and [Loo. Per.l	P	with

5*

F irmer AC • continued.

Truftecr.

48* G F. O R G11 III. Cap.4.

with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament ailembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the faid recited ACts of the Fifth and Twenty-feventh Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, and all the Powers, Provifions, Matters, and Things therein contained and now fubfifting, except fo far as the fame relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and are hereby varied, altered, or repealed, (hall be and remain in full force for the further 'I erm herein-after mentioned, in like Manner and as fully and effectually to ail Intents and Purpofes as if the fame were repeated and re-enafted in the Body of this prefent Aft; which faid additional Term, and all the 'dolls, Powers, Provifions, Matters, and Things hereby continued or granted, arc hereby declared to be fubjeft and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing upon the Credit of the laid recited Afts, and of fuch other Sum and Sums of Money as (hall be borrowed for the Purpofes of this Aft, and of the lntereft due or to grow due for the fame refpeftively.

H, And be it further enacted, That the Right Honourable, George AJb-burnbam commonly called Lord Vifcount Saint Afaph, Thomas Ei/ley Baker, Henry Bijhop Clerk, William Bi/hop, John Baker of Wadhurft, WHttam Baker of Ticehurft, Benjamin Bufi, Samuel Baker, John Baker of Heathfield, Thomas Blundell, Samuel Blundell, George Court hope, George Courthope junior, William Conjlable. Edward Jeremiah Curteis, Thomas Calverley, William Clulow, Wbiifeld Curteis, William Courthope, Richard Conjlable, JohnConJlable, ThomasConcy, WilliamCheefman, JJmApJley Dal~ rymplc, James Ellis, John Fuller of Park Gate, John Fuller of Rofe Hill, John Trayton Fuller, George Augujlus Fuller, John Fry, George Fuller, Thomas Fuller, John Flurry, Richard Green, Walker Gsuldfmith, Thomas Francis Gorringe, Henry Launcelot Gouldfmith, Richard Hollijl, Edward Hujfey, Robert Hawes, Edward Hujfey junior, William Hujfey, John Burrell Hayley, John Hodfon, William Hyland, John Hildcr, Thomas Hilder, Edward Hilder, Edmund Hilder, Stephen Jenkin, John Kirby, Charles Lamb,	Luck, Jofeph Langley, John Micklethwaite, William

Markwick, Jofeph Mepham, John Morris, Francis Newbery, Samuel Newington, Henry Noakes, William Noakes of Ticehurft, JeJfe Newington, Charles Newington, Horatio Newington, John Newington, Jofeph Newington of Burwafh, William Noakes of Etchingham, John Noakes, Jotl Newington, Henry Plajlcd, Samuel Playtled, Henry Playfled junior, John Pat tender., Robert Paitendcn, John Roberts, Richard Rideout, Samuel Rutley, William Ricbardfon, John Tildcn Sampfon, William Shadwell, William Salmon, Tilden Smith, John Srtepp, Hugh Tatty,	Tuttcy,	William Trivett

fenior, William Trivett junior, Robert Tournay, Sir Godfrey Webjler Baronet, John Vigor, James Vigor, Wiliam Welfit, Robert Watts, and Charles Wardroper, and their Succeffors, to be appointed in the Manner direfted by the faid firft recited Aft, and qualified in the Manner therein direfted, (hall be and they are hereby appointed Truftees for putting the faid former ACts and this Aft in Execution ; and it fhall be lawf ul for the faid Truftees or any Two or more of them, although they (hall not have taken the Oath of Qualification required by Law to bq taken by the faid Truftees, to adminifter fuch Oath to all or any of the Truftees prefent at their Firft Meeting after the Commencement of this Aft.

III. And

4^ GEORG 11 III. Cap. 4.

liL And be it further enacted, That inllead of the Tolls and Duties Tolls, granted and made payable by the laid recited Ads, the Tolls and Duties following (hall, from and after the Commencement of this Act, be demanded and taken at every Turnpike Gate erefted or to be erected upon or acrofs and on the Sides of the faid Road by virtue of the.laid recited i^fts or of this Act, before any Cattle or Carriage vvhatfoever, upon which any Tell is hereby impoled, lhall be permitted to pals through the fame or any of them; (that is to fay,)

■59

For everv Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Hearfe, C.haife, or Calalh, drawn by Four or more Horfes, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Two or Three Horfes, Mares, Geldings* or Mules, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by One Horl’e, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of Sixpence :

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, oroth r fuch Carriage drawn by Three or Four H.irles, Mares, Gc-ldings, Pairs of Oxen, or Mules, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Two Horfes, Mares, Geldings, Pairs of Oxen, or Mules; the Sum of Nine-pence; and drawn by One Horl'e, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, or One Pair of Oxen, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other Bead of Draught, laden or unladen, and not drawing* the Sum of Two-pence :

For every Dr ive of Oxen, Cows, or other Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score ; and fo in proportion for every greater or lefs Number: For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep or Lambs, the Sum of f ive-pence per Score ; and fo in proportion for every greater or lefs Number: For every Carriage laden with Timber, Wood, Faggots, Hop Poles, Chalk, Lime, Marie, Bricks, Tiles, Mine Charcoal, Sea Coal, Iron Guns, or other Iron, parting through any of the faid Gates or Turnpikes between the Tenth Day of October and the Fifth Day of April; and for every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Hearfe, Chaile, or Calalh, and for every Horl'e, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other Beall of Burthen, laden or unladen, and not. drawing; and for every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, which lhall pafs through any of the faid Gates on a Sunday, Double the Tolls herein-before mentioned for the parting of every fuch Carriage, Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other Beall of Burthen, Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs:

Which faid refpeftive Tells herein-before mentioned lhall be and are hereby declared to be veiled in the Trultees for executing this Aft for the Time being, and they or any Five or more of them fhall have fuch and the fame Powers, Authorities, and Remedies for varying, mortgaging, transferring, leafing, and compounding for the Tolls and Duties hereby granted or made payable, and the -fame lhall and may be collected, levied, recovered, and paid in the fame Manner and Form as in and by the laid recited Afts are given and txpreffed with refpeft: to the Tolls thereby granted or made payable.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled. That every Perfon or Limiting the Perfons having paid the Tolls or Duties by this Aft granted at one of the Number of faid loll Gates or Turnpikes erefted by virtue of the faid recited Afts, or taken.'0 ^ to be erefted by virtue of this Aft upon, acrofs, or on the Sides of the faid Road through which fuch Perfon or Perfons lhall have parted with any 1 *	Hor(e,

6o

48* GEORG 11 III. Cap. 4.

Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Cattle, or Carriage, and producing a Note or Ticket denoting fuch Payment at the next Toll Gate or Turnpike erefted upon, acrofs, or on the Sides of the faid Road through which fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall have Occalion to go or pafs (which laid Note or Ticket the Collector is hereby required upon Demand to give) fhall be exempt from the Payment of any Toll for fuch Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Cattle, or Carriage palling through fuch next Toll Gate or Turnpike, and returning or going at any Time through the 'fame Toll Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, before Twelve of the dock at Night on the fame Day, with the fame Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Cattle, or Carriage, unlefs fuch Carriage {hall be laden with Wood. Faggots, or Hop Poles, in which Cafe every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage fo laden with Wood, Fageots, or Hop Poles, which has not paid the Toll after being fo laden, lhall be fubjeft and liable to the Payment of the Toll granted by this Aft lor palling through any 'loll Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, after being fo laden, any Thing in the faid firft recited Aft contained to the contrary thereof notwith-lianding ; but if any Perfon or Perfons fhall pafs the fame Day through the fame Toll Gate or Toll Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes a Third Time with any Carriage whatfoever, then fuch Perfon or Perfons lhall be liable and compellable to pay the faid Toll or Duty hereby impofed on fuch re-fpcftive Carriage, and to receive another Note or Ticket, which the Col-leftor is hereby required to deliver'as aforefaid, and which lhall entitle him, her, or them, to return through the fame Toll Gate or Turnpike with the fame Carriage upon the fame Day Toll free, and fo toties quoties for every Third Time the faid Perfon or Perfons lhall pafs and repafs the fame Day through the fame Toll Gate or Turnpike on the faid Road with any Carriage or Carriages as aforefaid.

f omToU1*	J^n(^ ke ^ further enafted, That no Perfon lhall be charged with

' m	any	of the Toils or Duties aforefaid for any Materials for repairing any

Road or Highway in any Parilh or Place through which the faid Road leads, or for any Hay or Corn in Time of Harveft carrying to the Barns of the Proprietors, or for any Corn in Straw, Hay or Straw, to be laid up or houfed in any Barns or Outhoufes, or upon the Lands and Premifes of and belonging to any of the Inhabitants of the refpeftive Parilhes in which the faid Road doth lie (except fuch Corn, Hay, or Straw be fold or for Sale); or for any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements ofHulbandry; or for any Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs that lhall be rode or drove or led with a Halter only to any one of the Blackfmith’s Shops or Traviles in the Town or Village of Burwajh aforefaid for the Purpofe of being ihod, and lhall return in like Manner without being laden and not drawing; or for any Hop Poles which lhall grow and be ufed in the Parilhes in which the faid Road doth lie by the Occupiers of Lands in the faid Parilhes of Burwajh and Etchmgham or either of them (except the fame be fold or for Sale); or for any Dung, Mould, Marie, Comport: or other Materials to be ufed in amending or manuring of Land (except Chalk and Lime); nor lhall any of the Tolk or Duties hereby laid be demanded or taken from the Reftor, officiating Minirter, or other Perfon or Perfons redding in the faid Parilhes in which the faid Road lies, who fhall on Sundays or other Days on which Divine Service is celebrated, pafs through any of the faid Toll Gates or Turnpikes to and from any Church, Chapel, or other .	Place

4&° GEORGIt III, Cap, 4,	61

Place of religious Worfliip within the fatid Pariflies or One of them; or when attending the Funeral of any Perfon who (hall die and be buried in the faid Parilhes; nor for any Horfes, Mares, Geldings or other Cattle or Beads going to or returning from Water or Padure, belonging to any of the Inhabitants of the faid Parifhes; nor for any Horfes or Carriages of what-foever Defcription employed in conveying or guarding the Mails of Letters and Expreffes, under the Authority of His Majedy's Podmader General* or when returning from conveying the fame; nor for the Horfes of Soldiers upon their March or on Duty; nor for any Horfe, Mare, or Gelding fur-niflied by or for any Perfon belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning from the Place appointed far and on the Days of Exereife, provided fuch Perfons are in the Uniform of their refpe&ive Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps ref-pettively, at the Time of claiming Exemption, or for Carts, Carriages, or Waggons attending them or laden with their Arms or Baggage; nor for Horfes, Carts, or Waggons travelling with Vagrants fent by Paffes; nor for any Horfe, or other Bead or Carriage conveying any Eletlor or Ele&ors going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to ferve in Parliament for the faid County of Sujfex, on the Day or Days of fuch Election, or on the Day before or Day after fuch Ele&ion (hall begin or be concluded.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall leave Penalty on or caufe to be left upon or near any Part of the faid Road any Waggon, ev*d“'s r° * Wain, Cart, Carriage, Horfe, Cattle or Bead, with Intent to evade the

faid lolls or any Part thereof, every Perfon fo offending in each of the faid Cafes diall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay a bum not exceeding Fifty Shillings.

VII.	And be it further enacted. That all Perfons, who by Law are or (hall Kftablifhlng

be liable to do Statute Work, or are or (hall be chargeable towards repair-	the*

ing and amending the faid Road or any Part thereof, (hall dill remain lia- Performance ble thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it (hall be lawful for any pu®tatute Two or more Judices of the Peace for the faid County of Sujfex, and they

are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the faid Trudees or any Five or more of them, or by their Treafurer, Clerk, or Surveyor, by their Order yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work (hall every Year be done upon the faid Road by the Inhabitants of the refpeftive Parilhes or Places in which the faid Road lies, and alfo what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch Parilh or Place, in lieu of or as a Compodtion for fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, (hall be by him, her, or them, paid to the faid Trudees or to their Treafurer or Treafurers ; and in order thereunto, it (hall be lawful for fuch Judices from Time to Time to fummon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch Parilh or Place to bring in Lids before fuch Judices, at fome Place to be expreffed in fuch Summons (within Ten Days after the ferving of luch Summons) of the Names of the feveral Perfons who within fuch Parifti or Place are by Law fubjeft and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compodtion for fuch Statute Work, didinguilhing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether [Lor. ^ Per. j	Q	with

6i

Alt]	I

jit.m'joUj'i jJOjr.JK io

. viu u

Directions how the Truft Money /hall be applied.

48® GEORG 11 III. Cap. 4.

tvith Teams or Draughts or otherwife, and alfo the Amount of the r* fpaftive Sums to be paid; which Lifts of Names {ball be made in fuch Mainer and under fuch Regulations and Reftrictions as are or may be" directed by any Law or Statute in force and effeft tor the Repairs of the publickLIighways; and out of fuch Lifts the faid Juftices fhall and may allot, appoint, and order fuch and fo many of 'he Perfons who fhall appear lubjeft and liable to Statute Work as aforefaid, to do fuch Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the faid Road as the faid Juftices fhall think rea-fonable; and the fame (hall be done on fuch Days and at fuch Times (not being Hay Time or Ilarveft) and on fuch Parts of the faid Road as the faid Truftees or their Surveyor or Surveyors fhall from l ime to Time order, direft, and appoint; and the faid Juftices fhall and may alfo order and direft the Perfons who by fuch Lifts fhall appear to be fubjeft and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for Statute Work as aforefaid, to pay fuch Proportion thereof as the faid Juftices fhall think proper to the faid Truftees or their Treafurer, at fuch Time or Times as the Juftices fhall direft; and in Default of Payment thereof, the fame fhall and may be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the refpeftive Perfons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Ma"ner as any Penalty is by the faid Adis or either of them authorized or diredted to to be recovered ; and each and every Perfon who fhall negledt or refufe to do fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their ufual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpofe, by any Surveyor to the faid Truffee , fhall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any I abnurer dr Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horfe or Horfes, Beaft dr Bcafts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be fubjeft and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as fuch Perfon or Perfons may be fubjedl or liable to by any Law or Statute in force or efFedt for the Repair of the pub-lick Highways; and if any Perfon who fhall come to work as a Labourer or fhall be lent, with any Team or Draught to work on the faid Road fhall be found idle, or negligent by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, fuch Surveyor is. hereby empowered to remove and difmifs the Perfon who fhall be found.idle or hegligent as aforefaid; and in that Cafe every fuch Perfon fhall be fubjeft arid liable to the refpeftive Forfeitures and Payments aforetail I as if he had neglected or refufed to come, or fuch Team or Draught bdd ndt,been lent to work on any Part of the faid Road ; all which Forfeitures fhall be paid to the Treafurer to the faid- Truftees, and applied towards amending:the. laid Road ; and in cafe the faid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the laid Parifhes or Places fhall refufe or wilfully neglect fto .give in fuch Lifts as aforefaid, or fhall knowingly and wilfully give in faiie or imperfeft Lifts, every fuch Surveyor fo offending fhall for every fuch 'Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

» „ nismT to	•)	> 4. '	■

VUI. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies which before the Day of the Commencement of this Aft fhall have been raifed and produced by virtue of the faidiTwo Acts of the Fifth and Twenty-fcventh Years of the Reign of His faid prefent Majefly or either of them, and fhall be undifpofed of on the Day of the Commencement of this Aft, and alfo all the Monies which fhall arife and be produccd'by or from the Tolls by this Aft granted or made payable, together with the Monies which fhall be borrowed upon the Credit thereof, and all other Monies which fhall arife and be produced by virtue of this Aft, and not herein otherwife appropriated or direfted to

b«

48‘GEORGH III. Cap. 4.	-63

be appficff, (hall be vetted in the faid Tru flees for the Time being and applied to and for the feveral Ufes, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the Order and ManriCr following; that is to fay, in the Firft Place, in Payment of all the Colts, Charges and Expences incident to or attending the obtaining and patting of this Aft; in the Second Place, in paying the Interelt accruing upon the feveral principal Sums of Money which thall at the Time of the Commencement of this Aft and from Time to Time thereafter be due and owing on Mortgage or Security of the Tolls granted by this Aft at the Rate of Five -per Centum per Annum, or at fuch lower Rate of In-teretl as (hall be agreed upon between the faid Truttees or any Five or more of them, and the feveral Perfons for the Time being entitled to fuch Principal Sums, in the Third Place, in defraying the Expences ot erefting and providing Tumpikes,ToH Houfes, and other Buildings, and repairing the fame, and ot altering, widening, turning, repairing, and improving the laid Road, and Of executing the other Purpores of this Aft ; and laftly, in reducing, paying off, and difeharging fuch Principal Sums as lalt aforefaid.	<

IXv And be it fuithef enafted, That if any Money (hall be agreed or Application affeffed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchafed, of compen-taken; of tifed by virtue of the faid recited Afts or this Aft, which (hall Money belong to arty Body Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation, Ag- amounting gregate or Sole,'Feoffees in Truft, Guardians, Committees, Trultees, Femes t0 so°1-Covert, or other incapacitated Perfon or Perfons, fuch Money Ihall, if the fame amount to the Sunt of TlvO hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of- the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte die Truftees for executing this Aft, to the Intent that fuch Money Ihall be paid under the Direction and with the Approbation of the faid CourtJ to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a'funimary Way by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Reids and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe of the Land Tax', or Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrance or Part thereof as the faid Court Ihall authorize to be paid, affefting the fame Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments. or-affefting-other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Handing fettled to-1 the fame-or the’like LTfes,-Intents, or Purpofes, or where fuch Money Ihall ‘rtOf -be fo applied, then the fame Ihall be laid out and inverted under the like Direftion and Approbation of the faid Court in the Purchafe of other Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which Ural! be- liobVeye'd-fthd (etried to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes,

Trurts, IrtunN,'and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Hereditaments which (hall be"fo-put-chafedj-taken,-or ufed as aforefaid, ftood fettled or limited, dr fuch-of them as-gt the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement, lhaU be exifting, undetermined, and capable of taking effeft ; and in the- meaii Time and until fuch Purchafe Ihall be made, the faid Money Ihall,'by Order of the* faid-Oeurr of Chancery, upon Application tliere--trt, he fnVertctb%y:the ftiid Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchafe of ThrCe 'per]Centum Confelidated,' or Three per Centum Reduced -Bank A'nhoitiee,-arid'in the mean Time and until the faid Bank Annuities -Ihall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends-and annual Preduce-of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank

Annuities

64	48°GEORGII	III. Cap.4.

Annuities (hall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the faid Court, w the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, fo hereby directed to be purchafed, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

Application when the Compc .ration is iefs than sool. and exceeds 10I.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That if any Money fo agreed orafleffedto be paid for any Lands, Ttnements.or Hereditaments purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging to any Body Politick or toany Perfon or Perfons under any Difability or Incapacity as aforefaid, {hall belefsthan the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and fhall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame {hall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perl’ons for the Time being entitled to the Rents ana Profits of the Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their re-fp ftive Hands be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Priv ty of the faid Accountant General of the High Cou't of Chancery and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwife the fame {hall be paid a' the like Op' ion to Two Truflees to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Five or more of the faid Truf-tees for executing this Ad (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that luch principal Money and the Dividends arifing thereon may be applied in Manner herein-before direfted, fo far as the Cafe fhall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Apptu-ition XI. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That when fuch Money Money is f° agreed or affefled to be paid as herein before mentioned, {hall be lef than iefs than ml. Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame {hall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes of this Aft, in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them lhall think fit; or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpeftively.

in cafe of not XII. And be it further enacted. That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to Title"” °Ut w^om any Sum or Sums of Money {hall be awarded or affeffed for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchaled by virtue of this Aft, lhall refufe to accept the fame, or lhall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes to the Satisfaftion of the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, or in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money lhall be fo awarded or affeffed as aforefaid cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or difcovtred, then and in every fuch Cafe it lhall be lawful for the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them to order the Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded or affefled as aforefaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity 11	of

4S°GE0RGII III. Cap. 4.	6<

of the faid Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [defcribing them] fubjeft to the Order, Controul, and Difpofition of the faid Court of Chancery; which faid Court, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, fhall be and is hereby empowered in a fummary Way of Proceeding or otherwife as to the fame Court {hall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the publick Funds, and to order Diftribution thereof or Payment of the Dividends thereof according to the refpeftive Eftare or Eliates, Title or intereft of the Perfon or Perfons	making Claim thereunto,	and to make

fuch other Order in the Premifes,	as to the faid Court {hall	feem juft and

reafonable ; and the Cafhier or Caftiiers of the Bank of England, w.ho {hall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpe-cifying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as {hall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That where any Perfons in. Queftion {hall arife touching the Title of any Perfon or Perfons to any (hau'b^deerii Money to be paid into the Bank	of England, in the Name	and with the	e<l well	enti-

Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfu-	contray be*'

ance of this Aft, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- fhcwn.y ments, or of any Eftate, Right, or Intereft in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchal'ed in purfuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or to the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities; the Perfon or Perfons who {hall have been in Pofleflion of fuch Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Pofleflion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, {hall be deemed and taken to be lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch Pofleflion, until the contrary {hall be {hewn to the Satisfaction of the faid Court of Chancery ; and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, {hall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it {hall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Pofleflion was a wrongful Pofteflion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein.

XLV. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That where by reafoit The Court of any.Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed under rxpences of the Authority of the faid recited Afts or this Aft, the Purchafe Money Jjwchafe* to for the fame {hall be required to be paid into the faid Court, and to be ap- Truftee«7 plied in the Purchafe of other Lands, or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes in purfuance of this Aft, it {hall be lawful for the faid Court to order the Expences of all Purchafes from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of this Aft, or fo much of fuch Expences as to the Court {hall feem reafonable, together with the necefl’ary Cofts and Charges of obtaining fuch Order, to be. paid by the faid Truftees, who {hall from Time to [Lot. & Per.)	R	Time

66

PiiblickAct.

Commencc-Continnance of tbe Act.

48° GEORG II III. Cap. 4.

Time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court fliall

dired.

XV.	And be it further enacted. That this Ad fhall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and fliall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and other Perfons whomfoever, without the fame

being pleaded fpecially.

XJV. And be it further enaded. That this Ad fhall commence on the Day the fame fhall receive the Royal AfTent, and fhall continue in force for the TernTof Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by Georqe Eyre and Andrew Strjshan, Printers to the King's mod Excellent Majefty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

********** *************************** ***********

Cap. 5-

An A£l for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Scole Bridge to Bury Saint Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk.	[nth	March	1808.]

WHEREAS an Aft was pafled in the Ninth Year of the Reign

of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An API for repairing and 9 G- 3* widening the Road from Scole Bridge, to the Place where the Eafl Gate lately flood in the Town of Bury Saint Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk: And whereas another Aft was paffed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Ad for continuing ss G. the Term of an Ad of the Ninth Ttar of His prefent Majefly, for repairing and widening the Road from Scole Bridge to the Town of Bury Saint Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk; and for amending the fetid Ad: And whereas the Truftees afting in the Execution of the faid Afts have made great Progrefs in the Repairs of the faid Road, and for that Purpofe have borrowed feveral conliderable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted ; which dill remain due, and cannot be repaid, nor the faid Road effectually amended and kept in Repair, unlefs the Term of the faid Afts be further continued, andfome of the Powers thereof altered, amended, and enlarged: May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s moil Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid recited Afts, and all the Claufes, Powers, Autho- Formsr Adb, rities, Proviftons, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things continued, therein contained (except fuch Parts thereof as relate to Exemption from Stamp Duties, and alfo fuch as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed)

(hall be and remain in full Force and Efteft, and (hall be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and efteftually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enafted in the Body of this Aft, but fubjeft neverthelefs to the Alterations and Amendments herein contained; and that this Aft (hall commence and take efteft upon the palling thereof, and the Term and Powers hereby granted lhall be and are hereby declared to be fubjeft and liable to the Payment of all Suras of Money now due and owing on the Credit of the faid recited Afts, and of fuch other Sums of Money as lhall be borrowed upon the Credit thereof and of this Aft, and of all Intereff due and to grow due thereon ref-peftively.

[Lflf.yPrr.]	S	n.	And

7o

Additional T rultces.

For MTtn'jig the Quorums o£ T rultccj.

Finpowcring the fruftees to erect Side Gates.

48° GE ORGII III. Cap. 5.

II.	And be it further enacted, That John Arnys the younger, Henry Edward Bunbury, Thomas D'Eye Betts, James Betts, Adam Baynes, Edward Bridgman the younger, George Boldero Clerk, James Crojbie, John Cobbold the younger, Zach/iriah Crabb, Zachariah Crabb the younger, Nathaniel D'Eye Clerk, Philip Harrijon, Thomas Hawes, William Hepworth Clerk, Philip Meadows Clerk, Daniel Rttft Meadows, John Mills, Robert Nunn, John Parfon, William Pemberton Clerk, Gill Stedmsn, John Sparke the younger, Thomas Peyton Slapp Clerk, James Smith the younger, Barnard Smith, James Singleton, Mark Singleton, Marmaduke Wilkinfon Clerk, John Worth, Henry Walton, William Walker Clerk, George Walker Clerk, and Richard Wright Clerk (being qualified according to the Direftions of the faid fir ft: recited Act) ihall be and are hereby added to and joined with the furviving and remaining Truftees, appointed by or in purfuance of the faid recited Acts, for putting the laid recited Acts and this Aft into Execution, and Ihall have the like Powers for that Purpofe as if they had been named and appointed Truftees in or byi virtue of the faid recited Acts or either of them.

III.	And whereas the Quorums of Truftees mentioned in the faid firlt recited Aft are found to be too large, it frequently happening that fo many of the Truftees cannot conveniently be aiTemMed ; be it therefore further enacted,That the Number of Truftees prefent at.any Meeting to beheld in purfuance of the faid recited Afts or this Aft, competent far the federal Purpofes hereafter mentioned, Ihall be as follows; (that is to lay) ‘for revoking of Orders and Determinations of Truftees; for empowering Truftees to compound for Debts; for reducing the Tolls and raifing them again; for borrowing Money; forpurchafing Land, or altering the Courfe of the Road; for elefting new Truftees; for altering, removing, or putting up any Turnpike or Turnpikes, Side Gates or Side Bars, or altering Crofs Gates; for appointing a Treafurer, Surveyors, Clerks, Gate Keepers, or other Officers, Seven only of the Truftees Ihall be neceflary; and for letting the Tolls; for compounding for the Tolls for One Year; for making Arches upon or acrofs the Road, and digging and cutting Drains, Watercourfes, and other Works, to keep the Road dry; for compounding with the Parifhes for the Statute Duty ; for examining, auditing, and fettling the Annual Accounts, and all other common and general Bufinefs cf the Truft, Five only of the Truftees (hall be neceflary; any Thing in the faid recited Afts, or either of. them, contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding: Provided that nothing herein contained Ihall be conftrued to repeal or alter the Powers and Direftions given in and by the faid recited Acts, or either of them, to One or more of the Truftees or their Clerk for adjourning Meetings.

IV.	And whereas the Truftees are by the faid firft recited Aft empowered to ereft Side Gates on the Side or Sides of the faid Road, and crofs any Lane or Way leading out of the fame, in order to prevent Perfons from avoiding the Tolls by turning off the faid Road, but the Powers fo given are found infufficient completely to prevent fuch Praftices, there being other Places at which Perfons can turn off and avoid paying the Tolls, which they ought of right to pay; be it therefore further enafted,That it fhall be lawful for the faid Truftees, if they judge neceflary, to ereft or caufe to be erefted a Turnpike or Turnpikes, Side Gate or Side Gates, at or near the Side or Sides of the faid Road, and in or acrofs any Lane or Way, Lanes or Ways leading out of the fame (not exptefsly prohibited in and

8	by

48* G E O R GII III:	Cap.	5.

by the faid recited Aids or eiTh<vr of them) and to ereft Toll Houfes and inclofe Garden Ground, in like Manner and under the like Rules and Di-reffions as are in the faid Act mentioned concerning the fame; and it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Trultees, or fuch Perfon or Perfons as they flialf appoint for that Purpofe, to demand, take, and receive at all fuch Turnpikes or Side Gates fo -authorized to be ereffed and fet up acrofs the feveral Lanes and Ways before mentioned, fuch and the like Tolls, and in fuch Manner, Parts, and Proportions, as are authorized to be taken at any other Turnpike erefted upon the faid Road.

V.	And be it further enaOcd, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall, with any Horfe, Cattle, Bean:, Swine, or Carriage whatfoever. turn oft' the faid 1'urnpike Road and come on to the lame again, with Intent- to evade the Payment of the faid Tolls or any Part thereof, or fhall in any other Manner or by any other Means intentionally evade the fame, every Perfon fo offending lhalj for each fuch Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, one' Moiety thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to be applied for the. Pnfpafd ‘Of this ACft.

YI. And be it further enafted. That no Toll lhall be demanded or taken for any Horfe, Cattle, Or Beaft, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from Carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying, or conveying on the fame Day, any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, Or other Materials for repairing of the faid Road, or any of the Roads in the Townlhips or Parilhes in which any Part of fuch Road lies; OrHay, Straw, or Corn in‘the Straw only, not fold or dilpofed of, but palling to be laid up or placed in the Outhoufes, or on the Lands of the Owners; or for any Horfe, Cattle, or Beaft employed in carrying or conveying, or going eirfpty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Hulbandry, or any Lime, Mould, Dung, Compoft,, or Manure efnployed in Hulbandry, for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Tning employed in the Management pf any Farms or Lands ; or for any Horfe or Cattle going to or returning from Pafture or Wgftring Places, or going to be or returning from being Ihoed or farried; or from any Perfon going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worfhip tolerated by Law on a Sunday, or upon any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated ; or attending the Funeral of any Perfon that lhall die and be buried in any of the faid Townlhips of Parilhes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from vifiting any fick Perfon, or upon other his Parochial or Mir.ifterial Duty on a Sunday, oc any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated ; or for any Horfe, Cattle, or Carriage, of whatever Deferip-tion, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Erpreffes under the Authority of His Majefty’s Poftmafter General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, cr guarding fuch Mails or Ex-preffes, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horfe, Cattle, or Beaft attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horfe, Cart, Cattle, or Beaft, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants fe'nt by legal Paffes, or. returning therefrom ; or for any Horfe, Cattle, or Beaft, carrying or conveying any Perfon or Perfons going to or returning from any Eleftkm of a Knight or Knigh.s of the Shire to ferre in Parliament for the- Cetmty of Suffolk, on the Day

or

Penalty on Perfons evading the lolls.

Eaemptions from 1 oil.

72	4-3°GEORpII III., Cap'S'

or Days offuch Election, or on the Day before or Day after fuch Eledlion fhall begin or be concluded ; and that no Toll lhall be demanded or taken for any Horfe, Mare, or Gelding, furnilhed by or for any Perfons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going o or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exerciie, provided that fuch Perfons fhall be drafted in the Uniform of their refpective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements. according tc the Regulations provided for fuch Corps refpeftively, at the T ime of claiming fuch Exemption as aforefaid; and if any Perfon or Perfons fhall, in any fraudulent or collufive Manner whatfoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this A£h granted, not being entitled to the fame, every fuch Perfon fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty’ Shillings, One Moiety whereof fliall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety fhall be applied for the Purpofes of this Aft.

Perfons charg-	VII. Provided always, and belt further enafled, That all Perfons who

Work° tocon* ^7 Daw arc or lhall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or fliall be chargeable

tinue fo. towards repairing and amending the faid Road, or any Part thereof, lhall flill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it fhall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Juflices of the Peace for the faid County of Suffolk, and they are hereby required, upon Application made to them by the faid Trullees, or any Five or more of them, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, by their Order, refpedlively to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work fhall every Year be done upon the faid Road by the Inhabitants of the refpeftive Parifhes, Towufhips, or Places in which the faid Road lies, and alfo what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch Parifh, Townfhip, or Flace, in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, fhall be by him, her, or them, paid to the faid Truflees or to their Treafurer; and in order thereunto it lhall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juflices, from Time to Time, to fummon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every fuch Parifh, Townfhip, or Place, to bring in true and perfect Lifts in Writing before fuch Juflices, at fome Place to be exprefied in fuch Summons, within Five Days after the ferving of fuch Summons, of the Names of the feveral Perfons who within fuch Parifh, Townfhip, or Place, are by Law fubjecl and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or 3S Compofition for fuch Statute Work, diflinguifhing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwife, and alfo the Amount of the refpeflive Sums :o be paid, which Lifts fhall be made in fuch Manner and under fuch Regulations and Reftriflions, as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effeS for the Repair of the publick Highways ; and out of fuch Lifts the faid Juflices fhall and may allot, appoint, and order fuch and fo many of the Perfons who fhall appear to be i'ubjedt and liable to Statute Work as aforefaid, to do fuch Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the laid Road as the faid Juflices fhall think reafonable, and the fame fhall be done on fuch Days and at fuch Times (not being Hay-time or Harveft) and on fuch Parts of the faid Road,, as the laid Truflees or their Surveyor or Surveyors, fhall from Time to Time order, direft, and appoint; and the faid Juflices fhall and may alfo order and diredl the Perfcns who by fuch Lifts fhall appear to be fubjecl and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for Statute Work as aforefaid, to pay fuch Proportion thereof as the faid Juflices lhall think proper, to the faid Truflees or their Treafurer, at fuch Time

or

48® GEO HG11 III. Cap.'s-	73

or Times as they the faid Juftices fliall direct 5 and in Default of Payment thereof the fame (hall and may be recovered by Di if refs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the refpe&ive Perfons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the faid recited A&s authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Perfon who fliall neglect or rcfufe to do Inch Statute Work as aforefaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for hhn,_ her, or them, at his, her, or their laft or ufual Place or Places of Abodejbr that Purpofe, by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, fliall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts,

Horfe or Horfes, Beait or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be' fubjeft and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as fuch Perfon or Perions may be fubjeCt or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Perfon who fliall come to work as a Labourer, or fliall be fent with any Team or Draught, to work on the faid Road, fliall be found idle of negligent by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, fuch Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Perfon who fliall be found idle or negligent as' aforefaid, and in that Gafe every fuch Perfon fliall be fubjeft and liable to the refpeftive Forfeitures and Payments, aforefaid as if he had neglefited or refufed to come, or fuch Team or Draught had not been fent to work on' any Part of the faid Road, all which Forfeitures fliall be paid to the Trea-furer to the faid Truftees, and applied towards amending-the faid Road; and in cafe the faid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highway s for. any of the faidParilhes or Places, fliall refufe or wilfully neglect to give in fuch Lilts as aforefaid; or fliall knowingly or wilfully give in falfe or imperfect Lifts, every fuch Surveyor fo offending (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

VIII.	And be it further enacted. That it fliall and may be lawful to and ^mpounJTfor for the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, to compound and agree Statute w ork. by the Year, or othenvife, with any Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Statute Work to be by them done on the faid Road, ot any Pait thereof, and alfo with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, of and in all or any of the Pariflies, Town-Ihips, or Places in which the faid Road is fituate, for a certain Sunj of Money by the Year, or ottierwife, as the faid Truftees fliall think reafon-able, in.lieu of the Whole or of any Part of theStatute or other Work to be by all or any of the laid-Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the faid Road ; .which Compofition Money fliall always be paid by the Serveyop or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Pariffi, or by the Perfon oc Perions fo compounding, to -the Treafurer to the faid Truftees ia. advance, on or before the Twenty-fecond Day of November in each and every Year, or otherwise the. Inhabitants and Occupiers of fuch Parifli, Towrdhip, or Place, fliall not be permitted to compound for that Year. : . . -	•	na	r	rr	~	•:

;JX. And be it further enafted, That if any Money fliall be agreed or Application of awarded to be paid for- any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pur- Mon^when" chafed, taken, or ufed by- virtue of the Powers of the faid recited Afts amounting to and this Ad, for the Purpofes thereof, which fhall belong to any Cor- ^C)XCC£:d'n8 poration. Feme Covert; Infant, Lunatick, Or Perfon or Perfons under * any Difability or Incapacity, as in the faid firft recited Aft particularly : [Lea Per.] ■; •>„	■	■	-	T	mentioned

74-

480 GEORGII III. Gap. 5.

mentioned, fuch Money (hall, in cafe the fame fhall amount to or exceed the Sum of ,T\vo hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity cf Line Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to hi* Account ex parte the Tru(fees fop executing the faid recited Acts and this Aft, to the Intent that fuch Money fhall be applied, under the Direftion and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way, bythePerfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe of the Land Tax, or towards the Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, ag the faid Court fhall authorize to be paid affefting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Handing fettled therewith to the fame or the like Dfes, Trufts, Intents, or Purpofes; or where fuch Money fhall not be fo applied, then the fame fhall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direftion and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which fhall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, 1 rufts. Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which fhall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid, flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making the Conveyance and Settlement fhall be exifting undetermined and capable of taking Effeft; and in the Meantime and until fuch Purchafe fhall be made, the faid Money fhall, by Order of the faid Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the faid Accountant General in his Name in the Purchafe of'Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the Meantime and until the faid Bank Annuities fhall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities fhall frqm Time to Time be paid, by Order of the faid Court, to the Perfon or Perfous who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fo hereby direfted to be purchafed, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if any Money than loot* agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-and exceeding ments, purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging ,o1-	to	any	Corporation,	or	to	any	Perfon	or	Perfons	under any Difahility or

Incapacity as aforefaid, fhall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and fhall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their. Guardian or G uardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpeftive Hands, be paid irtto the Bank, with the Privity and in the Name of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to Iris Account as afore-faid, in order to be applied in the Manner herein-before direfted, or other-i r,.	wife	the	fame	fhall be paid at the like Option, to Two Trurtees to be no-

minated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of • by Five or more of the faid Trurtees for executing the faid recited Afts

75

48s GEORGII -in. Cap:5.

and this Ad (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that fuch Principal Money, and the Dividends atifing thereon, may be applied in any Manner hereinbefore dire&ed, fo far as the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the faid Court of Chancery.

XI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That when fuch Money Application fo agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned Oiall be lefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame lhall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes of the faid recited Ads and this Ad, in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, lhall think fit, or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, qr their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpedively.

XII.	And be it further enaded. That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to °[|u"ot whom any Sum or Sums of Money lhall be awarded for the Purchafe of any Titiesf ° Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed by virtue of the laid recited Ads or this Ad, for the Purpofes of the faid. Road, lhall refufe tp accept the fame, or lhall not be able to make a good Title to the Premlfcs, to the Satisfaction of the faid Truftees; or in cafe the Perfon or Perfons Ip whom any fuch Sum or Sums pf Money lhall be fo awarded as aforefaid if Peribn3 cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tene- p„r_ ments, or Hereditaments, be not known or, difeovered, then and in every fuch chafe Money Cafe it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees, pr any Five or the’jBink. 'Bt° more of them, to order the Sum and Sums of Money fo awarded as afore-laid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed, to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the laid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, [deferibing them \ fubjecl to the Order, Cpntroul, and Difpofition of the laid Court of Chancery, which faid Court pf Chancery, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making claim to fuch Sum and Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, lhall be and is hereby empowered in afummary way of Proceeding, or pther-wife as to the fame Court lhall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and Inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Diftribution thereof,or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpeflive Eftate or Eftates,

Title or Interert, of the Perfon or Perfons making claim thereunto, and to fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court lhall feem juft and reafonable; and the Cafliier or Calhiers of the Bank of England, who Oiall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpe-cifying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is cr are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as lhall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That where any Queftion lhall arife Refpefling touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant. General of the Court of Chancery, ia purfuance of the faid recited Afls Or this 9

Court of Chancery to direft the Payment of Expences.

For Paying the Expences of the Act.

Public Act-

Term and Continuance of the Act.

4»°- GEORGII ITI. Cap. 5.

Aft, for the life, of the faid Road, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tene* meats, or Hereditaments, or of any Eltate, Right, or Intereit in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed in purfuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or to the Dividends or Intereit of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who fhall have been in Poffelfion of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments* at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Peifon or Perfons, or under the Poffeffion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, fhall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch Poifeilion, until the contrary fhall be {hewn to the Satisfaction of the faid Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interefl of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities fhall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it fhall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Pofleflion was a wrongful One, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, lenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Interefl therein.	>

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That where by reafon of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed under the Authority of the faid recited Afts or this Aft, the Purchafe Money for the fame fhall be required to be paid into the faid Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be fettled to the like Ufes in purfuance of this Aft, it fhall be lawful for the faid Court to order the Expences of all Purchafes from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of this or the faid recited Afts, or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Court fhall deem reasonable, together with the neceffary Cofls and Charges of obtaining fuch Order, to be paid by the Laid Truflees or any Five or more of them, who fhall from Time to Tune pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court fhall direft.

XV.	And be it further enafted, That all the Colts and Charges incident to and attending the obtaining and palling of this Aft, together with lawful Interefl for the fame, from the palling thereof, fhall be paid out of any Money collected or received, or to be collected or received, by virtue of the faid recited Afts and this Aft.

XVI.	And be it further enafted. That this Aft fhall be deemed and taken to be a 1’ublick Aft, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juflices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

XVII.	And be it further enafted, That the Term granted by the faid recited Afts fhall from and after the palling of this Aft, ceafe and deter-

• mine; and that the faid Afts (fubjeft to the Alterations, Additions* and Amendments herein contained) and this Aft, fhall from thenceforth continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Seffion of Parliament.

■.......................... ■■■-	■	- ■ ■	  1	/-■»	■

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strah.\n, Printers to the Xing’s moft Excellent Majefty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*****iMH»***#**«******C********#*********JM!************

Cap. 6.

An Aft: for inclofing Lands in Chapel Allerton, in the Weft Riding of the County of York.

[nth March 1808.J

WHEREAS there are within the Manor and Townfhip of Chapel Allerton, in the Parifh of Leeds in the Weft Riding of the County of Tork, feveral Moofs, Commons, and Wafte Grounds, containing together by Eftimation Eight hundred and eighty Acres, or thereabouts: And whereas John Dixon Efquire, is or claims to be foie Lord of the faid Manor of Chapel Allerton, and as fuch entitled to the Soil of all the faid Moors, Commons, and Wafte Grounds: And whereas feveral other Perfons alfo claim to be entitled to certain Proportions of and in the faid Manor of Chapel Allerton, and of and in the Soil of the faid Moors, Commons, and Wafte Grounds: And whereas the faid John Dixon, Sir Henry Charles Engleficld Baronet, James Graham, Wade Brown, Gamaliel Lloyd Efquires, and others, are Owners of MefTuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the faid Manor and Parifh, and in refpeft thereof are or claim to be entitled to Right of Common upon the faid Moors, Commons, and Wafte Grounds: And whereas an A£t was paffed in the Forty-firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An Adi for confolidating in One Ad certain Proviftons ufually inferted in Ads of Inclofure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the feveral Fads ufually required on the paffing of fuch AdsAnd whereas the faid Moors, Commons, and Wafte Grounds are, in their prefent State, incapable of Improvement ; and it would be of great Advantage tp all Perfons interefted therein, and likewife of publick Utility, if the fame were to be divided [foe. If Per.~\	U	and



Commif-

fioner.

Ssir/eyor.

4.8‘GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

And inclofed, and fpecifick Parts and Shares thereof allotted to fuch Per-fons, according to their refpeftive Rights and Interefts; but as fuch Divi-fion, Allotment, and Inclcfure, cannot .be effected without the Authority of ParliamentMay it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be.it enacted by. the King’s molt Excellent Majelty, by and with tin* Adylcp and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflfembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That all the Moors, Commons, and Wade Grounds within the faid Manor and Townfhip of Chapel Allerton, fhall, as foon as conveniently may be, be fet out, divided, and allotted by William Whitclock, of Brotherton in the faid County of Tork, Gentleman, who is appointed by this Aft foie Commiflioner (or by his Succeffor to be chofen or appointed as herein-after mentioned) unto and amongft the feveral Owners and Proprietors and other Perfons interefted therein, according to their refpeftive Rights, Shares, and Interefts, and agreeable to the Directions of this Aft, and to the Rules, Orders, and Directions contained in the faid recited Aft,,and fubjeft thereto in all Refpefts, except in Cafes where the fame are hereby varied or altered ; and that Jonathan Taylor of Leeds aforefaid. Land Surveyor, fhall be and he is hereby appointed Surveyor, to Purvey, admeafure, plan, and value upon Oath (purfuant to the feveral Provifions of the faid recited Aft) the Lands, Tenements, Moors, Commons, Wafte Grounds, old Inclofures, Buildings, and Hereditaments, the Quantity or Value of which it may be neceflary to afeertain for the Purpofes of this Aft, the faid Survey, Admeafurement, Plan, and Valuation to be fubjeft neverthelefs to the Opinion, Correction, and Determination of the faid Commiflioner; and in cafe of the Death, Refufal to aft, or Refignation of the faid Jonathan Taylor, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioner, or his Succeffor, and he is hereby authorized to appoint another -Perfon to be fuch Surveyor as aforefaid, and fo from Time to Time as often as Occafion fhall require.

II.	And be it further enafted, That if the faid William Whitclock, the Commiflioner appointed by this Aft, or any other Commiflioner to be appointed in his Stead as herein-after mentioned, fhall die, refufe, or become unable to aft, before the Powers hereby veiled in him fhall be executed, then and fo often as it fhall fo happen, the Perfons who refpec-tively for the Time being fhall be interefted in the faid Moors, Commons, and Wafte Grounds fo intended to be divided and inclofed as aforefaid, or the major Part of them in Value, by and with the Confent of the Lord or Lords of the faid Manor for the Time being, fhall and may, by them-felves or their Agents, within Thirty Days next after fuch Commiflioner fhall happen to die, refufe, or become unable to aft, at a publick Meeting of the Proprietors or their Agents to be held for that Purpofe, of which Ten Days previous Notice fhall be given in One of the Leeds Newfpapers, cleft and appoint fome -other Perfon (not interefted in the faid Divifton and Inclofure) to be a Commiflioner in the Room or Stead of him fo dying, refufing, or becoming unable to aft ; and the Perfon fo to be elefted fhall be inverted with and have the fame Powers and Authorities in all Refpefts as the Commiflioner whom he fhall fucceed had, or would have had, if living, to aft in the Premifes.

Cofhmlflioner III. And be it further enafted, That the faiiCommiflioner, or the Com-to give Notice nftflioner to be appointed as aforefaid, fhall and he is hereby required to ofMccuug,	10	give,

Power of choofing another Com-mifiioner, in cafe of Death, See.

79

, y. 48° GEORG 11 III. Cap.6.

give, or caufe to be given, publick Notice in die Parifh Church of Leeds aforefaid, and in the Chapel of Chapel Allerton aforefaid, upon feme Sunday immediately after Divine Service, or by Writing figned by him, to be affixed on the principal Doors of the faid Parifh Church and Chapel, and alfo inferted in One or more of the Leeds Newfpapers, of the Time and Place of his firfl and every other Attendance for the Execution of this and the faid recited Act, at leaft Ten Days before fuch Attendance (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted); and that all other Notices neceffary or requifite to be made and given by the faid Commiifioner, fliall be l'o made and given by Notice to be affixed on the principal Door of the Parifh Church of Leeds aforefaid, and on the Door of the Chapel of Chapel Allerton aforefaid, and alfo by Advertifement to be inferted in One or more of the Leeds Newfpapers; and that all Meetings or Attendances of the faid Commiflioner fhall be held within the Parifh of Leeds aforefaid, and not more than Six Miles from Chapel Allerton aforefaid ; and that th6 feveral Proprietors interefled in the faid Divifion and Inclofure fhall, at all Meetings for executing this ACl, pay their own Expences.

IV.	And be it further enaCted, That if any Difpute or Difference fhall arife between any of the Parties interefled or claiming to be interefled in the faid intended Divifion and Allotments, touching or concerning the Right to the Soil, or any other Rights and Interefls which they or any of them fhall have or claim to have, of or in the faid Moors, Commons, and Wafte Grounds, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the faid Divifion, Allotments, and Inclofure, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioner for the Time being, and he is hereby authorized and required to examine into, hear, and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing herein contained fliall authorize the faid Commiflioner to determine the Title to any Meffuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatfoever.

V.	And be it further enabled, That in cafe the faid Commiflioner fliall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to him in purfuance of this Act, fee Caufe to award any Cofls, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioner, and he is hereby empowered, upon Application made to him for that Purpofe, to fettle, affefs, and award fuch Cofls and Charges as he fliall think reafonable to be paid to the Party or Parties in whofe Favour any Determination of the faid Commiflioner fhall be made, by the Perfon or Perfons whofe Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, fhall be thereby difallowed or overruled; and in cafe the Perfon or Perfons who fhall be liable to pay fuch Cofls and Charges fhall negleCt or refuTe to pay the fame on Demand, then and in fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioner, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, direCled to any Perfon whom,-foever, to caufe fuch Cofls and Charges to be levied by Diflrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons 16 negleCting or re-fufing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Perfon or Perfons whofe Goods and Chattels fhall have been fo diftrained and fold, after deducting the Cofls and Charges attending fuch Diflrefs and Sale.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, in-

terefted

Commiflioner to fettle Dif-putes, but not determine Titles.

Comtniflionef to aflefs Colts.

Perfons dif-fatisfied.w»h the Commif*

86	48*	GEORGII 111. Cap.6.

lioner’s De- terefted or claiming to be interefled in the faid intended Divuion and maj'1 try^theii- -Allotments, (hall be diflatisfied with any Determination of the faid Com* Rights at ' miflioner, or the CommilTioner to be appointed as aforefaid, touching or haw,	concerning	any	Claim	or	Claims of Right to the Soil of the faid Moors,

Commons, and Wade Grounds, or to any Right of Common of Failure, or other Right or Interefl, in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds herein directed to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, or any Part thereof, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Perfon or Perfons fo diffatisfied, to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter fo determined by the faid CommilTioner, at the then next or at the following Aflizes to be holden for the faid County of York, and for that Purpofe the Perfon or Perfons who (hall be diffatisfied with the Determination of the faid Commiflioner (hall caufe an Aftion to be brought upon a feigned IfTue againft the Perfon or Perfons in whofe Favour fuch Determination (hall have been made, ,	within	Two	Calendar	Months next after fuch Determination of the faid

Commiflioner; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Aftion or Actions (hall, and he, (he, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who (hall appear thereto or file Common Bail, and accept One or more Iffiie or Ifliies, whereby fuch Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infifled upon, may be tried and determined (fuch Iffue or Iffues to be fettled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the faid Aftion (hall be commenced, in cafe the Parties (hall differ about the fame); and the Verdift or Verdifts which (hall be given in fuch Aftion or Aftions (hall be final, binding, and conclufive upon all and every Perfon and Perfons whomfoever, Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, unlefs the Court wherein fuch A ft ion or Aftions (hall be brought (hall fet afide fuch Verdift or Verdifts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it (hall be lawful for the Court to do, as is ufual in other Cafes ; and that after fuch Verdift or Verdifts (hall be obtained, and not fet afide by the Court, the faid Commiflioner (hall and he is hereby required to aft in conformity thereto, and to allow or difallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of fuch Trial or Trials: Dctermiua- Provided always, that the Determination of the faid Commiflioner, touch-Sione^not" ‘nS Claim or Claims, or other Rights or Interefts, in, over, and upon cbjefted to, the Lands and Grounds herein direfted to be divided, allotted, and in. or after Trial, clofed, or any Part thereof, which (hall not be objefted to, or being to be final. objefted to, the Party or Parties objefting notcaufing fuch Aftion at Law to be brought within the Space of Two Calendar Months after Objeftion made, or not proceeded therein as aforefaid, (hall be final and conclufive on all Parties.

Death of VII. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That if any of- the Parties not Parties, Plaintiffs or Defendants in any Aftion to be brought in purfuanee ccedin fat *^’s Aft; (had die pending the fame, fuch Aftion (hall not abate by Law,'nor	reafon thereof, but	(hall be proceeded in as	if no fuch Event had hap-

Trials fufpend pened; and that no	fuch Difference, Aftion,	or Proceeding as aforefaid,

t!T	nor any Difference,	Difpute, or Proceeding,	touching the Title to any

1	ie	Lands, Tenements,	or Hereditaments within the faid Manor and Townfliip,

(hall impede or delay the faid Commiflioner in the Execution of this Aft, but the faid Divifion and Inclofure (hall be proceeded in notwithftanding any fuch Difference, Suit, or Proceeding.

Allotment to VIII. And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiflioner, or the

•he M°fJ	Commiflioner to be appointed as aforefaid, (hall and do (after fetring

tHeManor. ..	> -	...» * * 't'h

8i

4.8° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 6.

out fuch Roads, Ways, and publick Wells and Watering Places, which he is hereby and by tne faid recited Aft authorized and empowered to fet but as he fhall think proper and requifite) aflign, fet out, and allot unto the Lord or I.crds as aforefaid of the faid Manor of Chapel Allerton, fuch Part or Parts of the faid Moors, Commons, and Wade Grounds, as fluII contain and be equivalent to One full Sixteenth Part or Share of the faid Moors, Commons, and Wafte Grounds, as a Compenfation and Satisfaftion for his or their Right and Intereft in and to the Soil of the faid Moors,

Commons, and Wafte Grounds; and fhall alfo, in like Manner (after Allotment! to fitting out the fame Allotment, and fuch Roads, Ways, Wells, and the feveral Watering Places as aforefaid) fet out, aflign, and allot the Refidue of the I>roPrieton-faid Moors, Commons, and Wafte Grounds, unto and amongft all and every the Owners and Proprietors of ancient Mefluages and Cottages, and Scites of ancient Mefluages and Cottages, and of Tenements fuffered to go to decay, and of Lands and Tenements within the faid Manor and Tewnfhip of Chapel Allerton, having Right of Common thereon, and to all other Perfon and Perfons having Right of Common thereon, and having duly preferred and made good their refpeftive Claims as aforefaid, in due Proportion to the real Value of their refpeftive Lands and Tenements, to be fettled and determined by the Commiflioner making the Allotments jin which Valuation no Mefluage fhall be eftimated or valued at more than Five Pounds, nor any Cottage at more than Three Pounds); and fhall and may plot and lay out the Allotments to be made to each refpeftive Proprietor as nearly together, and as near his, her, and their ancient Mefluages. Cottages, Lands, and Tenements as conveniently may be.

IX.	And be it further enafted. That it fhall be lawful for the faid Com- For *xtin-miflioner, or his Suceeflor, at any Time before the Execution of the faid gy'ft*‘"g Award, by Notice in Writing under his Hand, to be affixed on the prin- Common, cipal Door of the faid Parifh Church of Leeds, and on the Door of the Chapel of Chapel Allerton aforefaid, to order and direft all or any Par,t

of the Rights of Common, in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby direfted to be divided and inclofed, or any Part thereof, to be extinguifhed, or the Exercife thereof to be fufpended, for and during fuch Time as fhall be exprefled in fuch Writing; and that all fuch Rights of Common as the faid Commiflioner fhall by fuch Writing order and direft to be extinguifhed or fufpended, fhall, from the Time to be mentioned in fuch Writing, ceafe, determine, and be extinguifhed, or be fufpended.

X.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiflioner and his Sue- Commiffion-ceffor is hereby authorized and empowered to order and direft to be er may w'den widened, fcoured, or cleanfed, and to be made, any new Watercourfes, watcr-Ditches, or Drains, in, through, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds courfes, &c. hereby intended to be inclofed, and by his Award to direft by whom and

at whofe Expence and in what Manner fuch Watercourfes, Ditches, and Drains fhall be thereafter repaired, cleanfed, and fcoured.

XI.	And be it further enafted, That all and every Leafe and Leafes or For vacating other Agreements at Rack Rent fubfifting, of all or any Part or Parts of LeafcS at any Mefluages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the Manor Raclt Reut* or Townfhip of Chapel Allerton aforefaid, for any Term or Number of

Years unexpired, fhall immediately upon fuch Allotments being made, or ’	\Loc. £9* Per.]	X	at

82

Encroach-

cueuts

4S° GEORG 11 III: Cap. 6.

at fuch other Time as the laid Compdfticmer /hail by his faid Award direft, ccafe, determine, and be void, in refpect of the faid Commons and Wade Grounds, or of any Lands or Grounds to be exchanged in purfuance of this Act, the refpective Owners and Proprietors of the faid Mefluages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo in Leafe as aforefaid, making fuch Satisfaction to the Lefiee or Leflees, Tenant or Tenants, as the faid Commiflioner fhall direct or appoint on Account thereof, or as an Equivalent for the fame: Provided always, that if there (hall be any Leafe of Lands, Part of which (hall lie in the laid Manor or Townfhip, and Part in any adjoining Manor or Town(hip, all and every fuch Leafe and Leafes at Rack Rent now fubfilting may be vacated ; but where fuch Land (hall have been taken in Exchange, and (hall be under Leafe, and wholly fituate in an adjoining or other Manor or Town(hip, the Leafe of fuch lad-mentioned Land (hall not be vacated.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That all Encroachments of, from, or upon the faid Moors, Commons, and Wade Grounds, which have been made or inclofed within Sixty Years next before the pading of this Aft. (hall be confidered and are hereby deemed to be Part of the faid Moors, Commons, and Wade Grounds, and (hall be furveyed, meafured, divided, and allotted as Part thereof, in Manner herein after direfted : Provided neverthelefs, that in cafe any Encroachments have been made within Twenty Years, to be computed from the Time aforefaid, whereon any Cottages, Buildings, or Ereftions (hall be built or erefted, every fuch Encroachment (hall be allotted to the Proprietor or refpeftive Proprietors of fuch Cottages, Buildings, or Ereftions, in full or part Satisfaction of the Right of Common or other Intered which fuch Proprietor or refpective Proprietors (hall be entitled unto, in refpeft of other his Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the faid Manor and Townfhip; but in cafe fuch Proprietor or refpeftive Proprietors as aforefaid (hall not be entitled to any Allotment, or (hall be entitled to an Allotment which (hall not be equal in Value to the Encroachment or refpective Encroachments fo made as aforefaid, then on Payment on Demand by the faid Proprietor or refpeftive Proprietors as aforefaid to the faid Commiflioner, or the C.otn-miflioner to be appointed as aforefaid, of fuch Sum or Sums of Money as he (hall adjudge to be a jud and equitable Compenfation or Confidera-tion for fuch Land or Ground fo encroached as aforefaid, the faid Com-midioner (hall and he is hereby authorized and required to allot and award the fame Encroachment or refpeftive Encroachments to the Proprietor or refpeftive Proprietors thereof, his, her, or their Heirs and Afligns: Provided alfo, that in cafe any Encroachments have been made or inclofed above Twenty Years and within Sixty Years, to be computed from the Time aforefaid, the faid Commiflioner (hall allot and award the fame to the Proprietor or refpective Proprietors thereof, in part or in full Satisfaction of his, her, or their Right of Common or other Intered, in, upon, or in refpeft of the faid Moors, Commons, or Wade Grounds, as the faid Commiflioner (hail think proper; but, in cafe fuch Encroachment or refpeftive Encroachments (hall, in the Edimation of the Hid Commiflioner, exceed in Value the Allotment or refpeftive Allotments which, fuch Proprietor or refpective Proprietors ought to receive, then on Payment by the faid Proprietor or refpeftive Proprietors to the faid Commiflioner of fuch Sum or Sums of Money as he (hall deem a jud and equitable Confidtration and Compenfation for the Land or Ground fo encroached, the faid Commiflioner

(hall

48° GEORGIJ III. Cup.6..	83

Avail ahd h^ is hereby authorized and required to allot and award the fame to' the Proprietor or refpeftive Proprietors thereof, his, her, or rheir Heirs or Affigns: Provided alfo, that in cafe Default (hall happen to be made in Payment of the fai 1* Sum or Sums of Money, at the Time or Times to be appointed by the faid Commiffioner for Payment thereof refpeftively, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid CommiiTioner, or the CommiiTioner to be appointed as aforefaid. to fell either by publick Auction or private Contract the Whole or futh Part or Parts of the faid Encroachment or refpeftive Encroachments, in refpeft of which the faid Sum or Sums of Money fhall not have been paid as aforefaid, to any other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, and on Receipt of the Purchafe Money for the fame, fhall allot fuch Part or Parts of the faid Encroachments as fhall be fo fold as aforefaid to the Purchafer or refpeftive Purchafers thereof, his, her, or their Heirs and Afligns, or as he, fhe, or they fhall direct; and it is hereby declared, that the Receipt and Receipts, Difcharge and Difcharges, or other Acquittance under the Hand of the faid Commiffioner, or the Commiffioner to be appointed as aforefaid, fhall be valid and effectual to the Purchafer and refpeftive Purchafers as aforefaid, for fo much Money as fhall in fuch Receipt or Receipts be acknowledged or expreffed to be received ; and the faid Purchafer or Purchafers fhall not be obliged to fee to the Application of the faid Purchafe Monies, or any Part thereof, or be anfwerable for the Mifapplication or Non-application thereof; and that when and as often as fuch Sum or Sums of Money fhall be received by the faid Commiffioner, or the Commiffioner to be appointed as aforefaid, he fhall apply the fame in or towards defraying the Charges and Expences incurred in and about the obtaining and carrying into Execution this Aft, as far as the fame will extend, and that the Deficiency only fhall be paid and borne by the Perfons interefted in the faid Lands and Grounds fo intended to be divided; any Thing in this Aft contained to the contrary thereof notwithflanding.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and Exchanges for the faid Commiffioner and his Succeffor to fet out, allot, and award maybe ma<k-any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatfoever within the faid Manor and Townfhip of Chapel Allerton, in lieu of and in exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatfoever within the faid Manor and Townfhip, or within any adjoining Pariffi, Hamlet, Townfhip, or Place; provided, that all fuch Exchanges be afeertained, fpecified, and declared in the Award of the faid Commiffioner, and be made with the Confent in Writing of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, for the Time being feifed of or entitled in PofTeffion to the Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments which fhall be fo exchanged, or to the aftual Receipt of the Rents, IfTues, and Profits thereof, whether fuch Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, fhall be a Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or a Body or Bodies Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee fail General or Special, or by the Courtefy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Confent of the Guardians, Truftees, Feoffees, for charitable or other Ufes, Hufbands, Committees, or Attornies of or afting for any fuch Proprietors or Owners as aforefaid, who at the Time of making fuch Exchange or Exchanges fhall be refpeftively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunaticks, or under any other legal Incapacity, or who fhall be beyond the Seas or othenvife difabled to

aft

84

Eipencts of Exchanges how to be paid.

Wills and Settlements not to be a li cit ed.

Award to be inroUcd.

4S° GEORGII lit. Gap. 6.

aft for themfelves, hitnfelf, or herfelf; and all and every fuch Exchange and Exchanges fo to be made (hall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purpol'es whatsoever j provided neverthelefs, that no Exchange (hall be made of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments held in right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclefiaftical Benefice, •without the Confent, tellified as aforefaid, of the Patron thereof, and of the Lord Archbiffiop or Bifhop of the Diocefe in which fuch Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments fo be exchanged (hall lie or be fituate: Provided always, that the Colls, Charges, and Expences attending the making and completing any Exchanges or Partitions (hall be paid and borne by the feveral Perfons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, making fuch Exchanges or Partitions, in fuch Manner and in fuch Proportions as the faid Commiflioner (hall order and direct.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Aft contained (hall extend, or be conltrued to extend, to revoke, make void, alter, or annul any Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any Perfon or Perfons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Debt, or Incumbrance, out of, upon, or affefting any of the Lands-, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be divided, allotted, or exchanged, by virtue of this Aft, or any Part thereof, but that each and every Proprietor (hall ft and and be feil’ed of the feveral Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to be allotted to or exchanged with him or her as aforefaid, to fuch and the fame Ufes, and for fuch and the fame Eftates, and fubjeft to fuch and the lame Wills, Jointures, Rents, and Charges, and no other, as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whereof fuch Proprietor was feifed or pollcfl'ed at or immediately before the Execution of the Award to be made by the faid Commiflioner, or for which or in refpeft whereof fuch. Allotments or Exchanges (hall be made, would have been fubjeft to be charged with or affefted by in cafe this Aft had not been made.

’ XV. And be it further enafted, That the Award of the faid Commif-fioner, or his Succeffor, to be formed and drawn up purfuant to the Directions of the faid recited Aft, (hall be inrolled in the publick Regifter Office kept at Wakefield in and for the Weft Riding of the laid County of Tirk, and when fo inrolled (hall be lodged in the Box or Cheft kept within the Parilh Church of Leeds aforefaid, to the End that Recourle may be had thereto by any Perfon or Perfons interelted in the faid Inclofure, who are hereby empowered to infpeft the fame, on Payment of One Shilling for every fuch Infpeftion; and the Regifter for the Time being, or his Deputy, is hereby required to inrol the faid Award or Inllrument in the proper Book for the Inrolment of fuch Inftruments in the faid Office; and a true Copy of fuch Inrolment, or of any Part or Parts thereof, under the Hand of the (aid Regifter, or his Deputy, (hall be admitted and allowed as legal Evidence in all Courts and upon all Occalions whatloever, and which Copy the faid Regifter, or his Deputy for the Time being, is hereby required to make, atteft, and deliver to any Perfon or Perfons requefting the fame, he or they paying for fuch Copy after the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words; and the (aid Regifter, or his Deputy, (hall be entitled to fuch Fees for fuch Inrolment as are allowed him by the Aft for inrolling any Bargain and Sale; and the faid Regifter, or his Deputy, (hall permit any Perfon or Perfons, within the Office Hours of Attendance, to peruf* and infpeft the Innslment at the faid publick 3	Office.

48° GE0RG1I	Cap.6.

Office, he or they paying for every' fuch Perufal and Inflection Two Shillings and no more;

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That the feveraL Allotments to be made in purfuance of this Aft lhall be inclofed, hedged, ditched, and fenced by and at the Expence of the refpeftive Proprietors with Quick lets or Stone Walls, within fuch Times as the faid Commiflioner lhall direft; and all fuch Hedges, Ditches, and Fences (hall be made and for ever thereafter be repaired, preferved, and maintained by fuch Perfon and Perfons, and in fuch Shares and Proportions and in fuch Manner as the faid Commif-fioner lhall in and by his Award order and direft; and that it lhall and may be lawful to and for any of the faid Proprietors, after their refpeftive Allotments lhall have been marked and ltaked out by the faid Commif-fioner or his Succeffor, and before the figning of the faid Award, to hedge, ditch, and fence their refpeftive Allotments in fuch Manner as the faid Commillioner or his Succelfor lhall order and direft.

XVII.	And be it further enafted, Thant lhall not be lawful for any of the Proprietors, Owners, or Occupiers of any Part of the Lands or Grounds intended to be divided and inclofed, or any other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, to keep or departure any Hones, Sheep, or Cattle in any of the Allotments intended to be made in purfuahftt of tthis Aft, for the Term of Ten Years next after the fetting out of fuch Allotments, unlefs the Perfon or Perfons fo keeping and - departming fuch Horfes, Sheep, or Cattle, lhall firft make, or caufe or procure to be made, a Hedge or Fence Tufficient in the Opinion of the faid Commiflioner, or of One of the Juftices of the Peace’for the Borough of Leeds, to guard the Quick or other Fences entirely round fuch Allotments front being cropped or damaged, or from trefpaifing on the adjoining Allotment by fuch Horfes, Sheep, or Cattle, whether fuch Quick or other .Fences be planted, made, or fet by the laft-mentioned Owners or Occupiers of fuch Allotments, or by the Owners or Occupiers of the Allotments adjoining thereto j and that no Perfon or Perfons whomfoever lhall departure, with Horfes, Cattle, Sheep, or Lambs, any of the Highways or Lanes which lhall be made and fet out by virtue ot this Aft, cr allow or permit any Horfes, Cattle, Sheep, Lambs, Hogs, Pigs, or Swine to departure therein for the Term of Ten Years next after the Execution of the Laid’Award; and that if any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever lhall departure his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments with Horfes, Sheep, or Cattle, without having made a fufficient Hedge or Fence as aforefaid, or lhall graze, departure, or keep, or permit or fuffer to graze or departure any Horfes, Mares, Geldings, Cattle, Sheep, Lambs, Hogs, Pigs, or Swine in any of the Roads, Ways, or Lanes to be fet out in purfuance of this Aft, within the Space of Ten Years next after the Execution of the faid Award, he, Ihc, and they lhall forfeit and pay for each Offence the Sum of Ten Shillings for each and every Horfe, Mare, and Gelding, and each Head of Cattle, Sheep, Lambs, Pigs, and Swine, whiih lhall be found depafturing or grazing in any of the faid Allotments before fuch fufficient Hedge or Fence be made as aforefaid, and the Sum of Five Shillings, for each and every fuch Horfe, Mare, Gelding, and for edch and every fuch Head of Cattle, Sheep, Lambs, Hogs, Pigs/ or Swine, whifch lhall be found grazing in the faid Lanes, Roads, or Wap, and lhall be' proved to the Satisfaction of One or more Juftices of the Peace for the Borough of Leeds

[ Loc. & Per.]	'1-—Z	to

«5

For fencing Allotments.

Proprietors may inclofe before Award figned.

No Cattle, Sheep, &c. to be depaf-tured in Highways or Lanes for Ten Years.

86

Proprietors may fell Allotments before Award.

For defraying the Ex-pences of this A£t.

For paying Intereft on Money advanced.

Commiflioner to lay his Accounts before a Juf-tice once in every Year.

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

to have been fo depafturing or grazing; and the feveral Penalties or Sums of Ten Shillings and Five Shillings for each fuch Offence as aforefaid, the faid Juflice or Juftices fhall and they are hereby required to order the Recovery and Application thereof in fuch Manner as he or they fhall and may deem neceffary and proper, or it fhall and may be lawful for the Pindar belonging to the faid Manor or Townfhip to impound fuch Horfes, Mares, Geldings, Cattle, Sheep, Lambs, Hogs, Pigs, and Swine as fhall be found grazing in the faid Lanes, Roads, or Ways, and to demand the Sum of Five Shillings for each Horfe, Mare, or Gelding, and each Head of Cattle, and for each Head of Sheep, Lambs, Hogs, Pigs, and Swine the Sum of Sixpence and no more, over and above his ufual Fee, before fuch Horfes, Cattle, Sheep, Lambs, Hogs, Pigs, or Swine, fhall be releafed.

XVIII.	And be it further enabled, That it fhall and may be lawful for any of the faid Proprietors to fell and convey to any Perfon or Perfons his, her, or their Right or Intereft in or to the faid Moors, Commons, and Waile Grounds, or any Allotment or Allotments to be fet out as aforefaid, at any Time before the awarding of the fame by the faid Com-miflioner; and the faid Commiflioner is hereby authorized and required to award the Allotments which fhall be fo fold and conveyed to the Pur-chafer or refpeftive Purchafers thereof accordingly.

XIX.	And be it further enafted, That the Cofts and Charges of obtaining and palling this Aft, and of furveying, planning, admealuring, dividing, and allotting the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclofed, and of preparing and inrolling the faid Award, and all other Charges and Expences in and about carrying this Aft into Execution, fhall be paid, borne, and defrayed by the faid Lord or Lords of the faid Manor, and the feveral Owners and Proprietors of and Perfons interefted in the faid Lands and Grounds fo intended to be divided and inclofed as aforefaid, the fame to be fettled by the Commiflioner, or his Succeffor, at fuch Time or Times, and in fuch Proportion and Proportions as he fhall, either before or after the Execution of his faid Award, order and direct; neverthelefs, in the Settlement of fuch Cofts, Charges, and Expences, the faid Commiflioner is hereby required to have regard to the Value of the feveral Allotments to be made to the faid Lord or Lords of the Manor and Proprietors as aforefaid, and to proportion the fame Cofts, Charges, and Expences accordingly.

XX.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon fhall lend and advance any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purpofe of defraying the Expences of obtaining and palling this Aft, or of carrying the fame into Execution, every fuch Perfon fhall be repaid the fame, with lawful Intereft, out of the Firft Monies that fhall be raifed for defraying fuch Expences.

XXI.	And be it further enafted, That once at leaft in each and every Year during the Execution of this Aft (fuch Year to be computed from the Day of pafling thereof; the faid Commiflioner fhall and he is hereby required to make a true and juft Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by him received and expended, or due to him for his own Trouble or Expences in the Execution of this Aft; and fuch Statement or Account when fo made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, fhall be by

9	v.	him

48* GEORGII III. Cap.6.	87

him laid before One of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace in and for the faid Borough of Leeds, or in and for the faid County of Tirk, to be by him examined and balanced, and fuch Balance {hail be by fuch Juftice ftated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk of the faid Commiffioner; and no Charge or Item in fuch Accounts flrall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unlefs the fame fhall have been duly allowed by fuch Jultice.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Perfon Power of or Perfons {hall think himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved by any Appeal. Thing done in purfuance of the faid recited Aft or this Aft, then and in

every fuch Cafe (except as to fuch Claims, Matters, and Things as are herein-before direfted or authorized to be tried, fettled, or determined by the Verdift of a Jury, or where any of the Claufes or Provifions of the faid recited Aft or of this Aft {hall exprefs that the fame {hall be final and conclufive) he, {he, or they may appeal to the General Quarter Sellions of (he Peace which {hall be held in and for the Weft Riding of the County of Tork within Two Calendar Months next after the Caufe of Complaint Ihall have arifen, on giving Fourteen Days Notice to the faid Commif-	,

fioner of fuch Appeal; and the Juftices in their faid Quarter Sellions, on Proof of due Notice of the faid Appeal, and the Matter and Caufe thereof, are hereby required to hear and determine the fame, and to make fuch Order therein, and award fuch Cofts as to them {hall feem reafon-able; and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Cofts which {hall be fo awarded, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties, or Perfon or Perfons liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels, after dedufting the Cofts and Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale; which Determination of the faid Juftices fhall be final, binding, and conclufive to all Parties concerned, and Ihall not be removed or removable by Certiorari, or otherwife, into any of His Majcfty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjler, or elfewhere.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted and declared. That Saving to nothing herein contained Ihall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to pre- Lords of judice or defeat the Right, Title, or Intereft of the faid John Dixon to Manors, the Whole, or of the faid other Perfons claiming to be Lord or Lords of

the faid Manor, to his or their refpeftive Parts or Shares of the faid Manor and Soil of the faid feveral Moors, Commons, and Wafte Grounds, but that fuch Claims {hall and may be profecuted and be confidered as valid and effeftual as the fame refpeftively were previous to the paffing of this Aft: Provided further, that the Claims of fuch Perfon fo claiming to be Lord or Lords as aforefaid, {hall be profecuted within Eighteen Months after the paffing of this Aft, and before the faid Commiffioner {hall make his faid Award, or otherwife the Claims of the faid feveral Perfons {hall be confidered to be abandoned, and no Claim to be thereafter made {hall be confidered as valid by any Court whatfoever.

XXIV. And be it further enafted and declared, That nothing herein Saving of contained {hall be conftrued to defeat, leflen, or prejudice the Right, Rights of Title, or Intereft of the faid John Dixon, his Heirs and Affigns, or the

Perfon or Perfons claiming to be Lord or Lords as aforefaid, of, in, or to 0>*" the Seigniory and Royalties belonging to him or them, as Lords of the

Manor

88	45*	GEORGII	III.	Cap.6.

Manor of Chapel Allerton aforefaid, but that the prefent Lord or Lords, and all future or other Lords of the faid Manor, fhall and may, from Time to Time and at all Times for ever hereafter, hold and enjoy all Rents, Services, Courts, Perquifites and Profits of Courts and other Royalties and Seigniories to the fame Manor belonging or appertaining, as fully, amply, and beneficially, to all Intents and Purpofes, as he or they, or any other Lord or Lords, might or could have had, held, and enjoyed the fame in cafe this Aft had not been made, other than and except fuch Right of Common or Soil as could or might be claimed by him or them refpeftively as Lord or Lords of the fame Manor or other-wife, in, upon, within, or under any of the Lands and Gounds fo intended to be divided, allotted, and inclofed by virtue of this Aft.

General	XXV.	Saving	always	to the King’s molt Excellent Majedy, His Heirs

Saving. and Succeffors, and to all and every other Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Succeffors, Executors, and Adminiftrators, all fuch Edate, Right, Title, and filtered (other than fuch as are meant, intended, and hereby exprefsly barred by this Aft), as they, every, or any of them, had and enjoyed, of, in, to, or in refpeft of the faid Moors, Commons, and Wade Grounds fo intended to be inclofed, before the palling of this Aft, or could or ought to have had and enjoyed in cafe the fame had not been made.

For printing the Aft by the King’s Printer.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft fhall be printed by the Printer to the King’s mod Excellent Majedy; and a Copy thereof fo printed fhall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Jullices and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s mod Excellent Majedy. i3o8.

OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 7.

An Aft for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Three Afts, for repairing the Road from Northallerton through Thirjk and to Burton Stone near the City of York ; and alfo the Road from Thirjk to Topcliffe, in the County of York.

[21ft March 1808,]

WHEREAS an Aft was made in the Twenty-fixth Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the" Second, intituled. An Aft for widening and repairing the High Road leading from Northallerton to the South Wall of the Church Tard of the Town of Thirfk; and from the South Eajl End of the Street called Finkcll Streec in Thirfk aforefaid, to and through the Town of Eafingwold in the County of York, to a Place called Burton Stone near the City of York ; and alfo the Road from Thirfk aforefaid to Topcliffe, in the North Riding of the County of [Loc. isf Per.]	T	York.;

16 G. i. c. 75.

9°

i* G. 3. c. 91.

34 G-3-c.iiS,

Afts further continued.

New Tolls.

48° G EORGII III. Cap. 7.

York : And whereas another Aft was paffed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Aft for continuing the ‘Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Aft, made in tbe Twenty* fixth Tear of the Reign of His late'Mayejhy, for widening and repairing the Road leading from No.thallerton to the South IVall of tbe Church Yard of the Town of Thirfk 5 and from tbe South Eafl End of the Street called FinkclLStreet in Thirfk aforefaid, to and through the Town of Eafingwold in the County of York, to a Place called Burton Stone near the City of York ; and alfo tbe Road from Thirfk aforefaid to Topcliffe, in the North Riding of the County of York : And whereas another Aft was made in the Tr.irty-fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts, of the Twenty-fixth Tear of King George tbe Second and the Eighteenth Tear of His prefent Majefly, for widening and repairing the High Road leading from Noi thallcrton to the South IVall of the Church Yard of the Town of Thirfk ; and from the South Eajl End of the Street called Fmkelf Street in Thirfk afrefaid, to and through the Town of Eafingwold in the County of York, to a Place called Burton Stone near the City of York ; and alfo the Road from Thirfk aforefaid, to Topcliffe in the North Riding of the County of York: And whereas the Truftets appointed to put the faid Afts into Execution have borrowed feveral Sums of Money onthe Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which ftill remains due; and great Progrefs hath been made in\he Repairs of the Roads comprifed in the faid Afts ; but the fame cannot be tffeffually amended or kept in good Repair, nor can the Money fo due be repaid, unlefs the Term of the laid recited Afts be further continued, and the Tolls thereby granted increafed, and fome further and other Powers given for thole Purpofes: May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty, that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Ten poral, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the laid recited Afts, and all the Claufes, Powers, Provifoes, Authorities, Privileges, Matters, and Things therein refpeftively contained, and which are now in force, (except fuch as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed.) fliall be in full Force arid Effeft, and together with this prelent Aft fhall be put in Execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effeftuaily, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enafted in the Body of this Aft; which faid Aft, and the additional Term hereby granted, fliall be fubjeft ana liable to the Payment, as well of all Sums of Money now due and owing upon the Credit of the faid recited Afts, as of fuch other Sunt or Sums of Money as fhall or may hereafter be borrowed for the Purpofes of the laid recited Afts or this prefent Aft, and all Intereft due and to grow for the fame refpeftively.

II. And be it further enafted, That from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and eight, the Tolls granted by the faid recited Afts, and the Reftriftions in refpeft thereof, (nail ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and that inftead thereof, from thenceforth, at each ana every Turnpike and Toll Bar crefted or 9	to

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.	91

to be ere&ed upon or acrofs.o;- on the Side of any Part of the faid^Road, the following Tolls (hall and may be demanded and taken ; (that is to fay),

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Hearfe, Chaife, or Calaflj, drawn by Six Horfes or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings; and drawn by Four or Three Horfes or otfier Beads of Draught, the Sum of Two .Shillings and Sixpence; and dr*wn by Two Horfes or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence:	,	,	.	-,

For every Chaife or Chair, drawn by One Horfe or other Bead of Draugt.t, the Sum of Eight-pence:	'

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other fuch Carriage, whether the fame have Broad or Narrow Wheels, drawn by Four or more Horfes,

Oxen, or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Eight-pence; and drawn by Three Hotfes, Oxen, or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn byTwo Horfes, Oxen, or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Four-pence ; and drawn by One Horfe, Ox, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Eight-pence:

For every Wain, Cart, or other fuch Carriage, as (hall or may be affixed or fadened to the End of any Waggon or other Carriage, the Sum of Two Shillings:

For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence :

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence per Score, and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Suni of Seven-pence Halfpenny per Score, and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Number:

Which faid refpe&ive Tolls (hall be and the fame are hereby veded in the faid Trudees; and the fame and every Part thereof (hall and may beder manded, levied, recovered, applied, and difpofed of in the fame Mani-ner, and to and for the fame Ufes, Intents, and Purpofes, as in and by the fiid Afts are mentioned and declared with refpedt to the Tolls thereby granted.

III.	And whereas it is by the faid fird recited A£t enadfed, that if there Repealing (hall be Two or more Turnpikes eredled in or on the Side of or acrofs the Power .for faid Roads, then and in fuch Cale the Tolls thereby granted and made pay- ?he Ton".*"6 able for palling the faid Roads (hould be divided into fo many Parts and Proportions as the faid Trudees (hall diredf, and the fame diould be taken

aipi received at fuch and fo many of the faid Turnpikes as by the faid Trudees (hould be appointed for chat Purpofe, and not otherwife : And whereas the faid Provifion has been found inconvenient, be it therefore enafted, That the fame (hall be and is hereby repealed.

IV.	And whereas it is expedient that the Exemptions granted by the faid Geiuri.1 recited Afts (hould be repealed, be it therefore enacted. That the faid Exemptions. Exemptions (hall, from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and eight, be, and the fame arc hereby repealed;

and

92

483 GEORGII III.	Cap.7.

and that, from thenceforth no Toll fliall be demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horfes employed in caf-rying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the fame Day, any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the faid Roads, or any of the Roads in the Townlhips or Pariihes in which any Part of fuch Roads do lie ; or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not fold or difpofed of, but parting to be laid up or placed in the Out-houfes, or on the Lands of the Owners or Occupiers thereof; or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Cartiages.or Horfes employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Hulbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Comport, or Manure employed in Hufbandry, for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands in any of tire faid Townlhips or Parifhcs (Lime only excepted); or for any Horfes or Cattle going to, or returning from Pafture or Watering Places; or going to be, or returing front being (hoed or farried ; or from any PerTon going to or returning from his proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worlhip, tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or a tending the Funeral of any Perlon that rtiall die and be buried in any of the faid Pariihes ; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from vifuing any ftck Pcrion ; or upon other his parochial or minifterial Duty, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated ; or for any Horfes, Cattle, or Carriages of whatever De-fcription, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Exprcfies under the Authoiity of His Majefty’s Poftmafter General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding fuch Mails or Expreffes, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horfes, Carts, or Waggons, attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Eaggsge ; or for,any Horfe, Mare, or Gelding furriifhed bv or for any Perfons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to cr returning from the Place of Exercife, provided fuchPedons are in the Uniform of their refpedive Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps relpedively, at the Time of claiming fuch Exemption as aforefaid ; or for any Horfes, Carts, or Waggons employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants lent by legal Partes; or for any Horfe, Cattle, or Bcart, drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calafh, Chair, or Partcnger on Horfcback, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire, to fervr in Parliament f >r the County of York, on tne Day or Days of fuch Elrdion, or on the Day before or Day after fuch Eltdion lhall begin or be concluded ; and it any Perlon or Perfons lhall, m any fraudulent orcollulive Manner whatfoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Ad granted, not being entitled to the lame, every fuch Perfon (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof flull go to the Informer, and the othtr Moiety fkall be applied to the Purpoles of cht faid Ads and this Ad.

V. And

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.	93

V.	And be it further enafted, That-the faid Truftees .nffy fue and be Truftees may fued for or concerning any Thing to be done by virtue'or in'purluance of ^ the faid recited Afts and this Aft, in the Name'of their Clerk or Name of thei. Treafurer for the Time being •, and that noAftion or Suit-to be brought XrtaiJrer

or commenced by the Direction of or againft the faid Truftees, in the Name of their Clerk or Treafurer, fhall abate or be difcontinlied by the Death or Removal of any luch Clerk or Treafurer, nor by the Act of fuch Clerk or Treafurer, without the Confent of the Truftees; or any Five or more ot them, but that the Clerk or Treafurer, for the Time being, to the faid Truftees, (had be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Cafe may be, in every luch Aftion.

VI.	Provided always. That every fuch Clerk or Treafurer, in whofe clerk or Name any Aftion or Suit fhall be commenced, profecuted, or defended, u/p^hu*0 in purluance of this Aft, fhall be fully reimburfed and paid out of the Exyences. Firft Money to arife by virtue of the faid recited Afts and this Aft,

after fuch Aftion or Suit fhall be commenced or difeontinued, all fuch Cofts, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event, or in consequence of any fuch Aftion or Proceeding, he (hall bear, pay, expend, or be put unto, or become chargeable with, by reafon of his being fo made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforelaid.

VII.	And be it further enafted, Th3t fo much of thefaid recited Afts statute Work, as relates to thePertormance of Statute Labour on the faid Roads, fhall

be and the fame is hereby repealed, and thac all Perfons who by Law are or fhall be liable to do Statute Work, or aTe or fhall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the faid Roads, or any Part thereof, fhall ftill Tcmain liable thereto, in like Manner as heretofore; and it fhall be lawful for any Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the North Riding of the County of Turk, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the laid Truftees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, or by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part'or Proportion of Statute Work fhall every Year be done upon the faid Roads by the Inhabitants of the refpeftive Parifhes or Places in which the faid Roads do lie •, and alio what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch Parilh or Place, in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work as aforelaid, fhall be by him, her, or them, paid to thefaid Truftees, or their Treafurer or Treafurers ; and in order thereunto, it (hall be lawful for fuch Juftices, from Time to Time, to fummon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every fuch Parilh or Place, to bring in Lifts before fuch Juftices, at fome Place to be expreffed in fuch Summons, (within Fourteen Days after the ferving of fuch Summons), of the Names of the feveral Perfons, who within fuch Parilh or Place are by Law fubjefted and liable to do Statute Work for that Year} or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work, diftinguifhing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwife } and alfo the Amount ot the refpeftive Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names fhall be made in fuch Manner, and under fuch Regulations and Reftriftions,

[Loc. & Per.']	A	a	as

9*

48° GEORGII III. Cap.7.

as arc or may be direded by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repairs of the Public Highways ; and out of fuch Lifts the (aid Juftices (ball and may allot, appoint, and order., fuch and fo many of the Perlons who (hall appear to be fubjed and liable to Statute Work as aforefaid, to do fuch Number of Days' Statute Work in every Year up >n the (aid Roads, as the faid Juliiccs lhall think rcafonabk, and the fame lhall be done at fuch Days, and at fuch Times (not being Hay-time or Harveft) and in fuch Parts of the faid Roads as the faid Truftees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, (hall from Time to Time order, dired, and appoint; and the faid Juftices (ball and may alfo order and dired the Perfons who by fuch Lifts fhall appear to be fubjed and liable to the Payment of any Money, in lieu of or as a Compofidon for Statute Work as aforefaid, to pay fuch Proportion thereof as the faid Juft ices (hall think proper, to the faid Tru(fees or their Trealgrer, at fuch Time or Times as they the (aid Juftices (hall dired ; and in Default of Payment thereof, the lame lhall and may be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the refpedive Perfons liable to the Pay-ment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the faid recited Ads authorized or direded to be recovered j and each and every Perfon who (ball negled or refufe to do fuch Statute Woik as aforefaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their ulual Place or Places of Abode, for that Purpofe, by any Surveyor of the faid Truftees, (ball for every Day oPhis, her, or their Default,or the Default o( any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horfc or Horfe.-, Bead or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be fubjed and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as fuch Perfon or Perfons may be fubjed or liable to, by any Law or Statute in Force or Effed, for the Repair of the Public Highways; and if any Perlon who (hall come to work as a Labourer, or (hall be lent with any Team or Draught to work on the fain Roads, (ball be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to die faid Truftees, fuch Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and difeharge the Perfon who (hall be found idle or negligent as aforefaid, and in that Cafe every fuch Pefon (hall be fubjed and liable to the refpedive Forfeitures and Payments aforefaid, as if he had negleded or rtfufed to come, or fuch Team or Draught had not been fent to work on any Part of the faid Roads, all which Forfeitures (hall be paid to the Treasurer to the faid Truftees; and applied towards amending the faid Highways; and if any Surveyor of the Highways, for any of the faid Parilhes or Places, (hall refufe or wilfully negled tggive in fuch Lifts as aforelaid, or (hall knowingly and wilfully give in falle or imperfed Lifts, every fuch Surveyor fooffending, (hall for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings,

Application of VIII. And be it further enaded. That if any Money (hall be agreed or whereexMei- awarc'e<^ 10 be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments pur-ing 1001. chafed, taken, or ufed bv virtue of the Powers of the faid rcc.ted Adi and this Ad, for the Purpofe thereof, which (hall belong to any Corpo. ration, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Perfon or Perfons under any other Difability or Incapacity, fuch Money (hall, in cafe the fame (ball amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid i	i . . into

95

48* GEORG II III. Cap. 7.

into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Ac-* coumant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, ex parte the Truftecs for executing the faid recited Afts and this Aft, to the Intent that fuch Money fhall be applied under the Direftion, and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a fummary W y, by the Pei ton or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the (aid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in the Purchafeof the Land Tax, or Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the faid Court fhall authorize to be paid, affecting ihe fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affefting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (landing fettled therewich, to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents, or Purpofes; or where fuch Money fhall not be fo applied, then the fame fhall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direftion and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafeof other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which (hall be conveyed and fet. led to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trufts, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which (hall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as afore:aid, flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement, lhall be exifting, undetermined, and capable of taking Efieft 5 and in the mean Time, and until fuch Purchafe fhall be made, the faid Money fhall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the faid Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum confolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the faid Bank Annuities fhall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold tor the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the faid confolidated or reduced Bank Annuities, lhall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of ihe faid Court, to the Perfon or Perfons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments fo hereby direfted to be purchafed, in calc fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That if any Money fo agreed or awarded, to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging to any Corporation, ot to any Perfon or Perfons under Difability or Incapacity as aforefaid, fhall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and fhall amount to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in ail luch Cafes, the fame fhall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons, for the Time being, entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in Cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be lignified, in Writing, under their refpeftive Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name, and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before direfted, orotherwife the fame fhall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Truftees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Five or

more

Application where ehe C >mpenf tiort does not exceed aool. nor lefs than *01.

96

Appiicrion wher- the Money is lefs thAn to 1.

In cafe of not making out Titles,

or if Perfbns

cannot be fo^inrJ, i^ur chafr Money to be paid into the Bank,

fuHjedt to tke Order of the Court of Chancery, on Motion or retiiioa.

48* GEORG 11 III* Cap.'j.

more of the Faid Truftees, (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fig* nified in Writing, under the Hands ot the nominating and approving Parties), in order that fuch Principal Money, and tne Dividends arifing thereon, may be applied in any Manner hcrein-beforc directed, fo far as the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Dircftion or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

X.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted. That where fuch Money fo

agreed or awarded to be paid as nexc before mentioned, (hall be lefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would, for die Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Heredita. ments fo purchased, taken, or ufed for thePurpofes of the faid recited Adis and this Ail, in fuch Manner as the faid.Truftees Avail chink fit; or in calc of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians4 Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpeflively.	,1	1

XI.	And be it further enailed. That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money fhall be awarded for the Purchafe of any Landi, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafcd by virtue of the faid recited Aits and this Ait, fhall rtfule to accept the fame, or fhall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes, to the Satisfaition of the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them ; or in cale fuch Perfon or Perfons, to whom i'uch Sum or Sunn, of Money fhall be fo awarded as afore-faid, cannot be found, or if the Peifon or Pcrlons cnntled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or difeovered, then, and in every fuch Cale, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, to order the laid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded as aforefaid, to be paid into tiie Bank of Eng. land, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (deicnbing them), fubjetf to the Order, Controul, and Difpofuion of the laid Court of Chancery ; which laid Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to luch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, fhall be, and is hereby empowered, in a fummary Way of Proceeding, or otherwife as to the lame Court fhall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Diftribuiion thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpr&ive Eftate or Eftates, Title, or Intereft of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court fhall l’eem juft and reafonable; and the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England, who fhall receive fuch Sum or Sums cf Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums ot Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what and lor whole Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon 01 Perfons as fhall pay any fuch Sum or Sums ot Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

XII.	Pro-

48° GEORG II 111. Gap. 7.

XII.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That where any Queftion fhail arife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid into the Bink of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of this Ail, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Eftate, Right, or Intereft in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed in purfuance of the Laid recited Afts and this Aft, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Persons who fhail have been in Poffeffion of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Poffeffion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, ffiall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch Poffeffion, until the contrary (hall be ffiewn to the Satisfaction of the faid Court of Chancery ; and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities, to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities fhail be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it ffiall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Poffeffion was a wrongful Poflef* fion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to l'ome Eftate or Into reft therein.

XIII.	Provided alfo, and be it enafted, That where, by reafon of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be purchafed under the Authority of the faid recited Afts and this Aft, the Purchafe Money for the fame ffiall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes, in purfuance of the faid recited Afts and this Aft, it ffiall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court of Chancery, to order the Expences of all Purchafes, from Time to Time to be made in purfuance cf the faid recited Afts and this Aft, or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Courc ffiall deem teafonable ro be paid by the faid Trultees, or any Five or more of them, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the faid recited Afts and this Aft, who ffiall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court ffiall direft.

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That all the Charges and Expences of obtaining and paffing this Aft ffiall be paid out of any Monies already raifed by virtue of the faid recited Afts, or out of the firft Monies to arik by virtue of the faid recited Afts and this Aft, in preference to all other Payments whatfoever.

XV.	And be it further enafted. That this Aft ffiall be deemed and taken to be a Public Aft, and ffiall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, withoat being fpedally pleaded.

XVI.	And be it further enafted. That the Term granted by the faid recited Afts ffiall, on the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and eight, ceafe and determine; and the laid recited Afts and t iis Aft [Ltc.tf Perd]	Bb	(fubjeft

97

Where any Queltir n fhail arife touching the Title to Money to be paid, the Per. fo;\ who fh ,]| he inPofleflioit °f the Lands, &c. at the Time of fuch Purchafe, fliall he Deemed entitled thereto.

The Court cf Chancery may order res Ion-aWe Expences of Pm chafes to be p ud by the Tr ultees.

For paying the Expences of this Act.

Public Aft.

Cont'numce oi the Act.

98

48° GEORGIf III.	Cap.7.

(Tubjcct to the Alterations herein-before contained) (hal! from thence-lorth continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament.

LONDON : Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan,

Printers to the King’s moll Excellent Majelly. 1808.

r

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

****»<IMH»***C****«X**»*«* «**«**«»****»*»* ***«*****•«***

Cap. 8.

An Aft to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Eaft London Water Works to purchafe certain other Water Works, and to amend an Aft, of the Forty-feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, relating to the faid Eajl Lojidon Water Works.

[21ft March 1808.]

WHEREAS an Aft was patted in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of their late Majeflies King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Ad for incorporating the Proprietors of the 3^4 W. Water IVorks in the Parijh of Saint Paul Shadwell in the County of Mid- & M. c. 37. dlelex, and for encouraging, carrying on, and fettling the faid Water Works ••

And whereas an Aft was paffed in the Twenty-ftrft Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Second, intituled. An Ad for empower- 2\ G. *. c. 8. ing Gorge Montgomerie and Thomas Byrd Ffquires, and Ezra Patching, to complete an Undertaking for furnijhing the Inhabitants of the feveral Parifhes cmd Places of Stratford, Weftham, Bow, Bromley, Mile End,

Stepney, and other Parifhes and Places adjacent, with Water, and for better fecuring their Property in fuch Undertaking: And w hereas an Aft was paffed "in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Ad for making Wet Docks, Bafons, Cuts, and other Works, 40G.3.C.47, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, ajid .Revenue, within the Port of London, by which lait-mentioned Aft the London Dock Company were authorized and direfted to purchafe, and to take to thetnfelves and their Succeffors, as if they were a Body Corporate,

ILoc. $5* Per.]	C c	all

102

48* GEORGII III. Cap.8.

all the Lands or Grounds, Water Houfes, and Water Works, with the Appurtenances belonging to the Governor and Company of the Water Works. ajTcl Water Hotifes in Shadwcll aforefaid; and the faid London Dock Corr^rmy accordingly made fuch Purchafe, in the Manner and upon the Terms preferibed by the faid lad-mentioned Aft: And whereas an Aft was paffed in the Forty-feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, intituled, 47 G .3. c. 5. An Ail to enable the London Dock Company to purchafe certain Water Works in the Parijhes of Stratford, Weftham, Bow, Bromley, Mile End, and Stepney, and other Parijhes adjacent, and to amend the feveral Ails for making Wet Docks and other Works for the Accommodation of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, by which Aft: the faid London Dock Company were authorized and empowered to purchafe and take a Conveyance, Surrender, and Alignment, or Conveyances, Surrenders, and Alignments, by fuch Deeds and Afts in Law as fliould be requifite in that Behalf, of all and lingular the faid Water Works eftablilhed under and by virtue of the faid Aft, palled in the Twenty-firit Year of His late Majefty King George the Second, and all the Freehold, Lealeh'old, and Copyhold Melfuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and other the Eftates, Goods, Chattels, and Property of every Defcription, and wherefoever fituate, and appertaining to the faid Water Works, and of and belonging to the Proprietors and Perfons interefted in the faid Water Works and other the Premifes, as fuch Proprietors, and every Part, Parcel, and Member thereof, with their and every of their Appurtenances; and the faid London Dock Company have accordingly purchafed fuch Water Works, and all fuch Melfuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Eftates, Goods, Chattels, and Property, and the fame are now veiled in the faid London Dock Company : And whereas an Aft was palled in the faid Forty-feventh Year of the Reign of His 47C.3.C.7J. prefent Majefty, intituled. An Ail for better Jupplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Parijhes of Stratford Bow otherwife Stratford-le-Bow, Saint John Hackney, Saint Mary Iflington, Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, and feveral other Parijhes, Hamlets, Townfoips, and Places adjacent or near thereunto, in the Counties of Middlefex and Elfex, whereby certain Perfons and iheir Succelfors were made a Body Politick and Corporate, by the Name of The Company of Proprietors of the Eafl London Water Works, for the Purpofe of making, completing, and maintaining of certain Water Works, Aquedufts, Relervoirs, and other Works authorized to be rrtade by the faid Aft; and the faid Company of Proprietors were enabled to purchafe Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to them, their Succefi’ors and Alligns, for the Ufe of the faid Undertaking, in Manner and according to the Rules, Orders, and Direftions therein particularly mentioned, without incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain : And whereas the Water Works eltabliflied under the Authorities of the faid kill recited Aft, might be more conveniently and beneficially carried on if the faid Water Works eftablilhed under the Authority of the faid recited Aft of the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, and the Twenty-firft Year c\f the Reign of King George the Second, were purchafed by and veiled in the Company of Proprietors of the Eafl London Water Works, and con-dufted by them ; and the faid Company of Proprietors of the Eafl London Waterworks are therefore defirous of pure haling fuch Water Works, and have agreed with the London Dock Company for fuch Purchafe, fubjeft to the Sanftion and Authority of Parliament in that Behalf: And

3	whcicas

4S* GEORGII lit. Cap.%.	toj

whereas the Powers and Provifions in the laid recited Aft, relating to the:

Eajl London Water Works, will, in cafe the aforefaid Shadwell and Weji-

batn Water Works are purchafed by and veiled in the faid Company of

Proprietors of the Eajl London Water Works, be defeftive and infuffi-

cient; and it is therefore expedient that fuch Aft Ihould be altered and

amended, and that further and other Powers and Authorities Ihould be

given to the faid Company of Proprietors of the Eajl London Water

Works: May it therefore pleafe Your Mai eft y that it may be enafted ;

and be it enafted by the King’s moll Excellent Majelty, by and with the

Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, Aft 6f 47(3.3.

That the faid recited Aft, made in the Forty-feventh Year of the Reign c;?2'^xc^pt

of His prefent Majelty, intituled, An Acl for better fupplying with Water *eredj'declar-i

the Inhabitants of the Parijhes of Stratford Bow otherwife Stratford-le-Bow, cd valid for

Saint John Hackney, Saint Mary lllington. Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, the Purpofc*

and fviral other Parijhes, Hamlets, Townjhips, and Places adjacent or of thli

near thereunto, in the Counties of Middlefex and Elfex, and all and every

the Claules, Powers, Provifions, Exemptions, Penalties, and Forfeitures,

Matters and Things therein contained (fave and except fuch Part and Parts thereof as is or are hereby varied, altered, or repealed), lhall be and the fame is and are hereby declared to be as good, valid, and effeftual for carrying this Aft into Execution, as if the fame had been repeated and re-enafted in the Body of this prefent Aft.

ZL And be it further enafted, That it lhall and may be lawful to and Enabling th* for the Company of Proprietors of the Eajl London Water Works to Company of contraft and agree with the Direftors and Managers of the Concerns of of^he^Eaft the faid London Dock Company, or any Thirteen or more of them for the London Wa-rJ ime being, for thePurchafe, and to take a Conveyance, Surrender, and ter Works to Alignment, or Conveyances, Surrenders, and Alignments, by fuch Deeds and Afts in Law as lhall be requifite in that Behalf, of all and Angular the Weftham3" faid Waterworks eftablilhed underand bv virtue of the faid recited Afts, Water palled in the Third and Fourth Years of King William and Queen Mary, Works, and and in the Twenty-firh Year of His late Majelly King George the Second, j)oCk°Com™ relpeftively ; and all the Freehold, Leafehold, and Copyhold Melfuages, paity to feu Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and other the Eflates, the fame. Goods, Chattels, and Property of every Defcription, and wherefeever fituated, appertaining to the laid Water Works refpeftively, and now veiled in the London Dock Company, and every Part, Parcel, and Member thereof, with their and every of their Appurtenances; and it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Direftors and Managers of the Concerns of the faid London Dock Company, or any Thirteen or more of them for the Time being, to fell and difpofe of the fame ; and the Money arifing from lueh Sale (hall Ire applied for the Ufe and Benefit of the faid London Dock Company.

III. And be it further enafted. That all the faid lafl-mentioned Water Veiling the Woiks, Meiluages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Shadwell and and other the Ellates, Goods, Chattels, and Property laft mentioned, and every Part, Parcel, and Member thereof, with their Appurtenances Works in the nftp -ftively, lhall, when a.id as foon as the fame lhall be purchafed by, Company of ami conveyed, furrendered, and afligned to the faid Company of Pro- Pf°phne'd1rj! priftprs ot die Eqjl London Water Works as aforefaid, become and be London w»-

velted ter Works.

JO+

4B0 GEOR G11 III. Cap. 8.

veiled in the faid Company of Proprietors of the Eajl London Water Works and their Succeffors, for the Purpofe of fupplying the feveral Parifhes and Places mentioned in the faid recited Acts., made in the Third and Fourth Years of their late Majefties King William and Queen Mary, and in the Twenty-firft Year of His late Majelty King George the Second.

Ai'd rhat the	IV. And be it further enaGed, That when the faid Water Works fhall

vetted Van be purchafed and veiled in the Company of Proprietors of the Eajl be part of the London Water Works as aforefaid, the lame fhall from thenceforth be Ealf London deemed and taken to be Part of the Undertaking to be conducted and managed by the faid Company of Proprietors of the Eajl London Water Works, by and under the Claufes, Directions, and Provifions of the faid recited Aft, made in the Forty-feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Ad for better fupplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Parijhes of Stratford Bow otherimfe Stratford-le-Bow, Saint John Hackney, Saint Mary Iflington, Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, and feveral other Parijhes, Hamlets, Tcwnjhips, and Places adjacent or near thereunto, in the Counties of Middlefex and Efiex ; and this Aft and the fame (hall be condufted and managed in fuch and the like Manner a3 if fuch Water Works refpeflively had been particularly mentioned and defcribed in the faid recited Act, made in the Forty-feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, for making and maintaining the faid Eajl London Water Works.

Water

Work*.

Enabling the Company uf Proprietors of the Eaft London Water Works to raife a Sum of Money not exceeding 130,000k for the Purpofes of this Aft, in addition to the Sub-fcription under the Aft of 47 G. 3. c. 7a.; to be divided into Shares of tool each in addition to the

Shares created by the Aft of 47 G. 3. c 72.

Shnrrs to be confulidalcd,-

V.	And be it further enaGed, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the laid Company of Proprietors of the Eajl London Water Works, to raife and contribute among themfelves, for the Purpofes of this AG, in addiiion to the Money fubfcribed for by them for the Purpofes of the faid Act of the Forty-feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, for the making, completing, and maintaining of the faid Eajl London Water Works, and in fuch Proportions as they fhall think proper, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One hundred and thirty thoufand Pounds, which faid Sum of Money fhall be laid out and applied, in the firft Place, in di(charging the Expences of obtaining and pafling this Act, and for and towards the completing the Purchafe of the faid Shadwell and Wejlbam Water Works, and other incidental Expences relating thereto, and for otherwife carrying the feveral Purpofes of the faid recited AG, made in the Forty-feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for making and maintaining the faid Eajl London Water Works, and this Acl, into Execution; which laid Sum of One hundred and thirty thoufand Pounds fhall be divided into Shares of One hundred Pounds each ; and it fhall and may be lawful to and for any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, poifelTed of any Share or Shares in the Capital of the Company of Proprietors of the Eaft London Water Works, to accept and take any Number of fuch new or additional Shares fo created by this AG, in proportion to the Number of the original Share or Shares- holden by fuch Perfon or Perfons, • Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Coliegiate,-as he, fhe, or they fhall think proper; and fuch new or additional Shares, and the feveral Shares m;(de gnd creat.ed by virtue of the laid recited Act of the Forty-feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, for making and maintaining the faid Eajl London Water Works, fhall, to all Intents and Purpofes, be and they are .hereby declared to be confi.lidated, -and to be one and the-fame Joint Stock Id.:.	and

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

105

and Property; and all Ptrfon and Perfons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, their feveral and refpeftive Succeffors, Executors, Admi-niftrators, and Affigns, who have feverally fubferioed for One or more Share or Shares, or fuch Sum or Sums of Money as (hall be called for and demanded for the Purpofes of the faid Aft of the Forty-feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, for making and maintaining the faid Eajl London Water Works, and who (hall feverally fubferibe for One or more Share or Shares, or fuch Sum or Sums of Money as (hall be called for or demanded for the Purpofes of this Aft, (hall refpeftively be entitled to and receive the entire and nett Diftribution of an equal proportionable Part, according to the Money fo by them refpeftively paid, of the Profits and Advantages that (hall or may arife or accrue by the refpeftive Rates and other Sums of Money to be raifed, recovered, or received by the faid Company of Proprietors of the Eajl London Waterworks, by the Authority of the (aid recited Aft, made in the Forty-feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for making and maintaining the faid Eajl London Water Works, and this Aft; and every Body Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, and Perfon having fuch Shares and Property as aforelaid, (hall bear and pay a proportionable Sum towards completing the aforefaid Purchafe, and carrying on the faid Works refpeftively in Manner direfted by the faid Acts.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That each and every Proprietor of each Proprietor! and every Share, which (hall or may be created by virtue of this Aft, (hall of Share* untie entitled to fuch and the fame Powers, Privileges, and Advantages, and

(hall be fubjeft to fuch and the fame Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions, Penal- t|ie famc ties, and Forfeitures, as if the Share or Shares lo holden by him,her, 01 them, Rules, &c. were Part of the Shares already created by virtue of the faid recited Aft, as th°fe made in the Forty-feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for	er

making and maintaining the faA Eajl London Water Works, and nowvefted 0.3.0.72. in the feveral and refpeftive Proprietors of the faid Undertaking; and the Admiflion of all and every Perfon and Perfons to any fuch new Share or Shares, by any Order or Refolution of the faid Company of Proprietors of the faid Eajl London Water Works, or their Direftors for the Time being,

(hall be and be deemed to be a good and effeftual Title to fuch Perfon or Perfons, and his, her, or their refpeftive Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns, on his, her, or their paying to the faid Company of Proprietors of the Eajl London Waterworks, or their Treafurer or Treafurers, the Pur-tphafe Money or Price agreed to be paid for fuch Shares refpeftively.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That fo much of the faid Aft, paffed

in the Forty-feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, in relation to the faid aJ elates m Eajl London Water Works, as declares, that no Perfon (hall be poflelfed the Number of or interefted in more than Twenty Shares in the Whole therein, (hall of Sharei to be and the fame is hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void to kac{jep all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.	prictor, re-

.	pealed.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the patting of Any Proprie-this Aft, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any Body Politick, Cot- tor may hold porate or Coliegiare, or any Perfon or Perfons, to be poiTefl'ed of or interefted in any’Number of Shares in the faid Water Works, not exceed- 5o sliar“. ing Fifty Shares in the Whole.

IX.	And be it further enafted. That all and every the (aid Shares, Joint Shares to be Etock or Fund of the faid Companv. as well thofe railed and created under £c/f°nal [Loc. WPtr.}	"	Dd	andEtUte*

io6	48" GE0RGI1 HI. Cap. 8.

and by virtue of the faid Act of the Forty-feventh Year of His prefent Ma-jelly, for making and maintaining the faid Eajl London Water Works, as under and by virtue of this Aft, (hall be and be deemed and taken to be Perfonal Eftate, and tranfmiffible as fuch, and not of the Nature of Real Property.

Aft of	X. And be it further enacted, That fo much of the faid recited Aft,

fofar asre^2 ma^c *n Forty-feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, for making and latfsrto tlTe	maintaining the faid Eajl London Water Works, as declares, that every

Votes of each	Body Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, who Ihould by virtue of the	faid

Proprietor,	Aft have fubferibed or undertaken for any Share or Shares in the	faid

repealed.	Undertaking, his, her, or their refpeftive Succeffors, Executors,	and

Adminiftrators, Ihould have a Vote for every fuch Share or Shares, but not exceeding Five Votes in the Whole, although poffeffed of more than Five Shares, lhall be and the fame is hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

Direftmg XI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the palling of this tors of shares eve,7 Body Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, and every Perfon or (hall vote. Perfons having any Share or Shares in the faid Joint Stock or Property fo hereby declared to be confolidated as aforefaid, his, her, or their refpec-tive Succeffors, Executors, and Adminiftrators, lhall have a Vote or Votes in refpeft of fuch Share or Shares on fuch Joint Stock or Property, either as Principal or Proxy, but not exceeding Fifteen Votes in the Whole, although poffeffed of more than Fifteen Shares.

V-^vcrTb	XII. Provided always, and be it enafted. That every Body Politick,

•Proxy!” 5	Corporate or Collegiate, and every Perfon or Perfons being a Proprietor

or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the faid Joint or Capital Stock, lhall be entitled to vote at the feveral General or Special General Affemblies of the faid Company of Proprietors of the Eajl London Water Works, in refpeft of fuch Share or Shares, in the Proportions following; that is to fay, if a Proprietor of lefs than Three Shares, to One fuch Vote; if a Proprietor of Three and lefs than Six Shares, to Two fuch Votes j if a Proprietor of Six and lefs than Ten Shares, to Three fuch Votes; if a Proprietor of Ten and lefs than Fifteen Shares, to Four fuch Votes; if a Proprietor of Fifteen and lefs than Twenty Shares, to Five fuch. Votes; if a Proprietor of Twenty and lefs than Twenty-fix Shares, to Six fuch Votes ; if a Proprietor of Twenty-fix and lefs than Thirty-fix Shares, to Nine fuch Votes; if a Proprietor ot Thirty-fix and lefs than Forty-fix Shares, to Twelve fuch Votes; and if a Proprietor of Forty-fix Shares, and upwards, to Fifteen fuch Votes ; which Vote or Votes may be given by them, him, or her, by their, his, or her Proxies or Proxy, conftituted under the Seal of fuch Body Corporate or Collegiate, or under the Hand of the Proprietor conftituting.the faid Proxy, every fuch Proxy being a Proprietor in the faid Undertaking ; and every fuch Vote by Proxy lhall be as good and fufficient, to all Intents and Purpofes, as.if fuch Principal had voted in Perfon; and every Queftion, Matter, or Thing which lhall be propofed, difeuffed, or considered, in any General or Special General Affembly of the faid Company of Proprietors or any Adjournment thereof, lhall be determined byjthe Majority of Votes and Proxies then prefent, in the Proportion before mentioned, provided that the Members prefent be poffeffed of not lefs/than Four hundred and Fifty Shares: Provided neverthelefs, that no Perfon (hall give or deliver in Proxies for more than Fifteen Shares; and the Appointment of fuch Proxy may be made ac« ■’J‘ cording to the Form following j that is to fay.

I, A. B.

46* GEORG II III. Ccrp. 8.

‘ T A. B. of	One	of the Proprietors of the

* A Eajl London Water Works, Do hereby nominare, conftiture, and ' appoint C. D. of	to be my Proxy, in my Name and

*	in my Abfence to vote or give my AfTent or DifTent to any Bufmefs,

*	Matter, or Thing relating to the faid Undertaking, in fuch Manner as

*	he the faid C. D. (hall think proper, according to his Opinion and ‘ Judgement, for the Benefit of the faid Undertaking, or any Thing

*	appertaining thereto. In Witnefs whereof I have hereunto fet my Hand

‘ [or. Seal] the	Day	of

XIII.	And be it further enacted. That in cafe the Money authorized to be raifed under and by virtue of the faid Act of the Forty-feventh Year of His prefent Majefiy, for the making, completing, and maintaining of the faid Eajl London Water Works, and under and by virtue of this Act, fhall be infufficient for the Purpofe of making, completing, maintaining, carrying on, and improving the faid feveral Water Works refpedtively, and all neceffary Charges and Expences relating thereto, then and in fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Company of Proprietors to raife and contribute amongft themfelves in Manner and Form aforefaid, and in fuch Shares and Proportions as to them fhall feem meet, or to raife by the Admiffion of new Subfcribers any further or other Sum of Money for the Purpofes of making, completing, maintaining, carrying on, and improving the faid feveral Water Works refpedtively, or any or either of them, not exceeding the Sum of One hundred and fifty thoufand Pounds, and every Body Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, and every Perfon being a Subfcriber towards raiding fuch further or other Sum of Money, fhall be a Proprietor in the faid Joint Stock and Property, and fhall have a like Vote by themfelves, himfelf, or herfelf, in refpect thereof, in the Proportions herein-before mentioned, of the faid additional Sum to be raifed, but not exceeding Fifteen Votes in the Whole, and fhall alfo be liable to luch Forfeitures, and Hand interefled in all the Profits of the faid Joint Stock and Property, in proportion to the Sum he or (he fhall or may iubfcribe thereunto, as generally and extenfively to all Intents and Purpofes, as if fuch further or other Sum hereby allowed to be fubfcribed for and raifed, had originally been Part of the Sum of One hundred and thirty thoufand Pounds ; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithflanding.

XIV.	And be it further enacted. That, from and after the palling of this Act, the Directors for conducting the Bufmefs of this Undertaking fhall have Power from Time to Time to make fuch Call or Calls for Money. from the Subfcribers to and Proprietors of the faid Undertakings refpec-tively, to defray the Expences of or to carry on the fame, as they the faid Directors from Time to Time fhall find wanting and neceffary for thofe Purpofes, fo that no fuch Call fhall exceed the Sum of Fifteen Tounds upon each Share, and fuch Calls fhall not be made but at the Diftance of Thirty Days at leaf! from each other, and Twenty-one Days Notice at leaf! (hall be given of all fuch Calls as aforefaid by Advertiie-ment in fome Newfpaper or Newfpapers ufually circulated in the City of London and County of MiddUfex, or in fuch other Manner as the faid Company of Proprietors (hail at any General or Special General Affemblv direct or appoint, any Thing in the faid recited Aft of the Forty-feventh Year of King George the Third, for making the faid Eajl London Water Works, in any wife" notwithstanding; provided, that it (hall not be lawful to make any further Call upon any Proprietor who (hail have paid to the

Form of Proxies.

May raife a further Sum if neceffary.

Calls.

io8	45'GEORGII IU- Cifp.%.

faid Company of Proprietors, in obedience to the faid Calls or otherwife. the full Amount of the Sum or Sums which by his, her, or their Sub-fcription he, Ihe, or they had undertaken to pay for his, her, or their faid Share or Shares} and every Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking, (hall pay his, her, or their rateable Proportions of the Monies to be called for as afore -faid, to fuch Peri'or: or Perfons, and at fuch Time and Place, as the faid Directors (hall from Time to Time order and direft; ard if any Perfon or Perfons fhall negleft or refufe to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable Part of the Money fo called for as aforefaid, at the Time and Place appointed by the faid Directors, or within Thirty Days next enfuing, he. lhe, or they fo neglecting or refuting {hall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings, for every Share he, {he, or they {hall have in the faid Undertaking; and if fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall continue to negleft or refufe to pay his, her, or their rateable Call or Calls as aforefaid, for the Space of Two Calendar Months next after the Time fo appointed for Payment thereof, then he, {he, or they fo neglecting or refufmg fhall forfeit his, her, or their refpeftive Share and Shares in the faid Undertaking, and all the Profits and Benefits thereof, all which Shares fo forfeited {hail be veiled in the faid Company of Proprietors, in Manner and fubjeft to fuch Refir iftions as are mentioned, exprefled, and declared refpefting the Call or Calls authorized to be made under and by virtue of the faid Act of the Forty-feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majetly, for making and maintaining the faid Eajl London Water Works; an every fuch Call fhall and may be recovered by the faid Company cf Proprietors, by and under the Powers of the faid recited Act of the Forty-feventh Year of King George the Third, for making the faid Eajl London Water Works, in luch and the like Manner as is directed in and by fuch Aft with refpeft to any Call or Calls made for the Sum of Ten Pounds for every One hundred Pounds.

Direftors may allow Inter*!! to Proprietors for Payments in advance.

XV.	Provided always, and be it enafted. That if any Subfcriber to the faid Undertaking fhall be minded and defirous to pay or advance immediately into the Hands of the faid Direftors, or of the Perfon whom they fhall appoint to receive the fame, the full Amount of his or her Subfcription for fuch Share or Shares for which he may have fubferibed, or any Part thereof, not being lefs than a Sum of Fifty Pounds, without waiting for the faid Cali or Calls, then and in fuch Cafe it fhall be lawful for the faid Direftors to pay to the faid Subfcriber or Subfcribers, out of the Funds of the faid Company, Interefl: upon the fame at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon the Amount which fuch Payment or Advance may be over and above the faid Calls, and from the Period of the Call immediately preceding fuch Payment or Advance, up to the Period of fuch fubfequent Call refpeftivcly, according to the Sum then in advance, and above the Amount of the faid Call.

May raife a XVI. Provided always, and Ire it enafted. That in cafe the faid Com-further Siim pany Df Proprietors fhall be defirous of raifing the laid Sum of One by urtgage.	an(j fifty thoufand Pounds, or any Part thereof, by Mortgage of

the faid Water Works refpeftively, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Company of Proprietors or their Direftors, to borrow and take up at Interefl, all or any Part of the faid Sum of One hundred and fifty thoufand Pounds, on the Credit of the faid Water Works refpeftively, and to afiign the Property of the laid Water Works, and the Sums of Money 2	arifing

48VGEORGII III. Cap. 8.	109

arifing or to arife to the laid Company of Proprietors, or any Part thereof, in Manner and Form in the faid Aft of the Forty-feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, in relation to the faid Eajl London Water Works particularly mentioned, and that all and every the Directions and Provifions in the faid laft-' mentioned AQ. contained, touching the Money thereby authorized to be raifed by Mortgage, and the affigning or transferring the fame, and the Intereft thereof, and all other the Matters and Things thereby provided in relation thereto, fhall be equally in force, and applicable in refpeft to all Monies that may be raifed by Mortgage under and by virtue of this Aft.

XVII.	And be it further enafted, That fo much of the faid Aft of the Aa of Forty-feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for making and 47^3-«-7*-maintaining the faid Eajl London Water Works, as enafts, that if at any

General Affembly of the faid Company of Proprietors, there fhould not ber of Shares be Perfons prefent who fhould be poffeffed of or entitled unto at leaft One to be held by hundred and fifty Shares in that Undertaking, fuch General Affembly p™{P^et°f5 fhould be adjourned to the next Tburfday, to be holden at the fame Place General^Af-where fuch General Affembly is thereby direfted to be held, and fo from femblic-, re-Time to Time until there fliould be fuch Perfons prefent at fuch General pealed. Affembly. having fuch Number of Shares as aforefaid, and of every fuch adjourned Meeting Three Days Notice fhould be given in Three or more of the London Newfpapers; and in cafe of. failure of the affembling of a fufficient Number of Proprietors, and being refident within Ten Miles of the City of London, having fuch Shares at fuch General Affembly, every Proprietor who fhould not attend fuch Second or adjourned General Affembly fhould forfeit and pay to the faid Company, for every Share which he cr they fhould poffefs in the faid Joint Stock and Property, the Sum of Ten Shillings, to be dedufted out of his or her next lucceeding Payment of Intereft or Dividends of the Profits thereof, as the Cafe might happen; and in cafe no Intereft or Dividends fhould be payable to fuch Per-fonor Perfons making Default as aforefaid, within Twelve Calendar Months next after the making fuch Default, then and in fuch Cafe fuch Penalty and Forfeiture of Ten Shillings fhould and might be levied and recovered by fuch Ways and Means as any other Penalty or Forfeiture impofed by fuch Aft might be levied and recovered, fhall be and the fame is hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the palling of this General Af-Aft, if at any General or Special General Affembly of the faid Company femblies to of Proprietors, there fhall not be Perfons prefent either as Principals or COgfigh°rt3 Proxies who fhall be poffeffed of or entitled unto at leaft Four hundred 45°

and fifty Shares in the faid Joint confolidated Stock and Property, fuch General or Special General Affembly fhall be adjourned to the next Tburfday, to be holden at the fame Place, and fo from Time to Time until there fhall be fuch Perfons prefent at fuch General or Special General Affembly, either as Principals or Proxies, having fuch Number of Shares as aforefaid, and of every fuch adjourned Meeting Three Days Notice fliall be given in Three or more of the London Newfpapers; and in cafe of failure of the affembling of a fufficient Number ol Proprietors, either as Principals or Proxies, and being refident within Ten Miles of the City of London having fuch Shares, at fuch General or Special General Affembly, every Proprietor who fliall not attend fuch Second or adjourned General or Special General Affembly, either as Principals or Proxies, fhall forfeit and pay to the faid Company for every Share which he or fhe fhall poffefs [Loc. ft? Per.]	E e—Ff	in

no	48°	GEORGII lit Cap. 8.

in the faid Undertaking, the Sum of Ten Shillings, to be dedufted out of his or hernext fucceeding Payment of Intereft or Dividends of the Profits thereof, as the Cafe may happen; and in cafe no Intereft or Dividends fhall be payable to fuch Perfon or Perfons making Default as aforefaid, within Twelve Calendar Months next after the making of fuch Default, then and in fuch Cafe fuch Penalty and Forfeiture of Ten Shillings per Centum, fhall and may be levied and recovered by fuch Ways and Means, and applied in fuch and the like Manner, as any Penalty or Forfeiture impofed by the faid recited Aft, made in the Forty-feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An A61for better/applying with Water the Inhabitants of the Parifhes of Stratford Bow otherwife Stratford-le-Bow, Saint John Hackney, Saint Mary Tflington, Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, and feveral other Parifhes, Hamlets, Townfhips, and Places adjacent or near thereunto, in the Counties of Middlefex and EfTex, can or may be levied, recovered, and applied.

Aa of ^ XIX. And be it further enafted, That fo much of the faid Aft of the to £ as re72 Forty-feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, relating to the faid Eafl London lates to the Water Works, as enafts, that if it fhould at any Time appear that, for convening of the more effeftually putting the faid Aft into Execution, a Special General Spe?"I !r e~ AfTembly of the faid Company of Proprietors fhould be neceffary to be bhes rc.em" Feld, it fhould be lawful for any Ten of the faid Proprietors, poffefling in pealed. the whole Fifty Shares in the faid Undertaking, to caufe Fourteen Days Notice at lead to be given of fuch Special General AfTembly in One or more of the London publick Newfpapers, or in fuch Manner as the faid Company of Proprietors fhould at any General AfTembly direft or appoint, fpecify-ing in fuch Notice the Reafon and Intention of requefting fuch Special General AfTembly, and the Time when and the Place where the fame fhould be holden, which Place fhould be within Five Miles of the Royal Exchange in the City of London, and alfo fo much of the faid Aft as authorizes the faid Proprietors to meet purfuant to fuch Notice, and fuch of them as fhould be prefent at fuch Special General AfTembly fhould proceed to the Execution of the Powers by the faid Aft given to the faid Company of Proprietors, with refpeft to fuch Matters alone as fhould be fpecified in fuch Notice ; and all fuch Afts, Orders, and Determinations of the Proprietors, or the major Part of them, fo met together at every fuch Special General AfTembly (provided that the Proprietors prefent fhall be poffeffed df at lead One hundred and fifty Shares in the faid Undertaking) fhould be as valid with refpeft to the Matters fpecified in fuch Notice, as if the fame had been done at any dated General AfTembly, fhall be and the fame is hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

Aflemblies of XX. And be it further enafted. That, from and after the pafling of this the Proprie- Aft, if it fhould at any l ime appear that for the more effeftually putting the Tecidf- con- Faid Aft of the Forty-feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, relating to the vened. faid Eafl London Water Works, and this Aft, into Execution, a Special General AfTembly of the faid Company of Proprietors fhall be neceffary to be held, it fhall be lawful for any Fifteen of the faid Proprietors, poffeffing in the whole One hundred Shares in the faid Joint Stock or Property fo hereby declared to be confolidated, to caufe Fourteen Days Notice at leaft to be given of fuch Special General AfTembly, in One or more of the London publick Newfpapers, or in fuch Manner as the faid Company of Proprietors fhall at any General AfTembly direft or appoint, fpecifying in fuch Notice the Reafon and Intention of requefting fuch Special General AfTembly, and the Time when and the Place where the fame fhall be holden, which Place 1	. . fhall

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.	i	ii

(hall be within Five Miles of the Royal Exchange in the City of London, and the faid Proprietors are hereby authorized to meet purfuant to fuch Notice, and fuch of them as /hall be prefent at fuch Special General Affembly, (hall proceed to the Execution of the Powers by the faid Aft of the Forty-feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, relating to the faid Eajl London Water Works, and this Aft, given to the faid Company of Proprietors, with refpeft to fuch Matters as (hall be fpecined in fuch Notice; and all fuch Afts, Orders, and Determinations of the Proprietors fo met together at every fuch Special General Affembly (provided that the Proprietors prefent (hall be poffeffed of at lead Four hundred and fifty Shares in the faid Undertaking) (hall be as valid with refpeft to the Matters fpecified in fuch Notice, as if the fame had been done at any dated General Affembly.

XXL And be it further enafted, That if at any General or Special General Queftionsat Affembly of the faid Company of Proprietors, or any Adjournment thereof, any Queftion or Quedions (hall arife touching or concerning the Affairs and bTdetermhxed Concerns of the faid Company of Proprietors, or any Matter or Tiling re- by Ballot, lating thereto, fuch Queftion or Quedions (hall, upon the Requed of any Proprietor or Proprietors then prefent, being poffeffed in his, her, or their own Right of Twenty Shares, in the faid Undertaking, be determined by Ballot.

XXII.	And be it further enafted, That fo much of the faid Aft paffed in the Forty-feventh Year of His prefent Majedy, for making and maintaining the faid Eajl London Water Works, as declares that no Perfon (hall be capable of being chofen as a Direftor for conducting the Bufincfs of that Undertaking, or of afting as fuch Direftor, unlefs he (hall hold and be poffeffed of Five Shares at the lead in the faid Undertaking, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted, That, from and after the paffing Dircftors to of this Aft, no Perfon (hall be capable of being chofen a Direftor for con- g°1_^en dufting the Bufinefs of the faid Water Works refpeftively, or of afting as ‘ fuch Direftor, unlefs he (hall hold and be poffeffed of Ten Shares at the

lead in the faid Joint confolidated Stock or Property.

XXIV.	And whereas, in order more eSeftually to carry into Effeft Company the Purpofes of the faid recited Afts of the Third and Fourth Years

of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, the Twenty-fird Year Lands which1 of King George the Second, the Forty-feventh Year of the Reign of His may not be prefent Majedy, for making and maintaining the faid Eajl London Water wailttc!-Works, and of this Aft, the faid Company of Proprietors may purchafe Lands, Buildings, or Hereditaments, which or Part whereof may afterwards be confidered as unneceffary to be made ufe of for the Pflrpofes of fuch Afts refpeftively; be it therefore enafted, That it fhall be lawful for the (aid Company of Proprietors of the Eajl London Waterworks to fell and difpofeof, and by Indenture under their Common Seal, ablolutely to grant and convey fuch Part or Parts of the Lands, Buildings,' or Hereditaments which (hall be fo purchafed by and conveyed to the faid Company of Proprietors of the Eajl London Water Works as aforefaid, and as (hall not be wanted for the Purpofes aforefaid, and all fuch Conveyances from the faid Company of Proprietors (hall be good, valid, and effeftual, any Law, Statute, or Cultom to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding; ar.d upon Payment of the Money which (hall arife by the Sale or Sales of fuch Lands,

Buildings, or Premifes, or any Part or Parcels thereof, it (hall be lawful lor the Treafurer or Treafurers for the Time being to the faid Company of*

Proprietors

Aft of 47G.3. c.72.

fo far as relates to Number of Shares to be held by each Director, repealed.

11 2

48" GEORG 11 III. Cap. 8.

Proprietors of the Eajl London Water Works, to fign and give Receipts for the Money for which the fame fhall be fold, which Receipts fhall be fuf-ficient Difcharges to any Perfon or Perfons for the Purchafe Money for which the faid Lands, Buildings, or Premifes fhall be fold, or for fo much thereof as in fuch Receipt fhall be expreffed to be received, and fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall not be anfwerable for any Lofs, Mifapplication, or Non-application of fuch Purchafe Money or any Parc thereof.

The Words XXV. And be it further enabled, That in all Grants and Conveyances Zrant,bargain, to be made by the faid Company of Proprietors of the Eajl London operate as* Water Works, under or by virtue or in purfuance of the feveral Coveuants for Powers and Authorities to them hereby given, the Words grant, bargain, the Title.	and fell fhall amount to, and be conilrued and adjudged in all Courts

of Judicature to be exprefs Covenants to the Grantee, Leffee, or other Purchafer, bis, her, and their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns, from the faid Company of Proprietors of the Eajl London Water Works, for themfelves and their Succeffors, that they the faid Company of Proprietors of the Eajl London Water Works, notwithfland-ing any Act done by them, were, at the Time of the Execution of every fuch Grant, Leafe, or Conveyance, feifed of the Hereditaments and Premifes thereby granted, conveyed, and fold, of an indefeaftble Eflate of Inheritance in Fee Simple, free from all Incumbrances, for quiet Enjoyment thereof againfl the faid Company of Proprietors of the Eajl London Water Works, their Succeffors and Afligns, and all claiming under them; and all fuch Purchafers fhall be indemnified and faved harmlefs by the faid Company of Proprietors of the Eajl London Water Works and their Succeffors.

Application of Purchafe Money.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money which fhall be had, received, and taken by the faid Company of Proprietors of the Eajl London Water Works, as the Confideration of any fuch Sale as aforefaid, fhall be paid, applied, and difpofed of in fuch and the like Manner as any other Sums of Money arifing or to arife from the faid Water Works refpectively, are hereby directed to be paid, applied, and difpofed of.

Extending XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Authorities’ the Provmons pr0Vjf10nSj Regulations, Privileges, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, Reftric-tions. Matters, and Things contained in the faid feveral Afts of the Third AcT ' and Fourth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, and in the Twenty-firft Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and each of them (fave and except fuch Parts thereof refpectively as are varied, altered, or repealed by this Aft) fhall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying into Execution the feveral Powers and Authorities for fupplying the feveral Dif-trifts, Parifhes, and Places therein rcfpeftively mentioned and deferibed, as if the fame had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Aft.

Publick A£t. XXVIII. And be it further enafted, That this Aft fhall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Aft, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moft Excellent Majclly. i3o8.

#•****************-*****#******#****♦**•**** *************

Cap. 9.

An ACt for better afleiling and collecting the Poor and other Rates in the Parilh of Saint Saviour, in the Borough of Southwark, in the Count/ of Surrey, and regulating the Poor thereof.

[21ft March 1808.]

WHEREAS the Poor within the Parifh of Saint Saviour, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, are very numerous, and are maintained and fupported at a great Expence and by Means of very heavy Rates: And whereas the Laws and Statutes now in force within this Realm for the affeffing and collecting of Monies for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor, are found ineffectual in the faid Parifh, by reafon that divers Houfes within the faid Parifh are let to occafional Occupier*, and alfo let out in Parcels to Under Tenants, and to Lodgers in feprrate Apartments both furnifhed and unfurnifhed, and others are let at fniall Yearly Rents : And whereas it would tend to the Equalization and Reduction of the prefent Poor and other Parochial Rates within the faid Parifh, and to the great Alleviation of many induftrious Families who now pay the fame, and of the Inhabitants of the faid Parifh in general, if further and additional Powers were given for the a.Teffing and collecting of fuch Rates, and for better maintaining and regulating the Poor thereof: May it therefore pleale Your Majelly that it may be enaCted; and be it enaCted, by the King’s molt Excellent Majelly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefer. Is* Per.]	G g	fent

118

Declaring that Perf-msletting Houfes in feparate . parturients, ire. (hail be leaned the Occupiers for the Purpofes of ' this Act, and coaipellable to pay the Kates.

For the better recovering Rate- on

Houfes et at fmall Kents.

landlords not to be rated for referred Rent.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

fcr.t Parliament alTembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners of all and every Houfe, Tenement or other Premifes within the faid Pariih, which is, are, or {hall be let in Parcels or feparats Apartments, or in Lodgings fumiihed or unfurniihed, {hall be deemed and taken to be the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, and (hall be rated to and (hall pay the feveral Rates and AfleAments for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor, and all other the Parochial Rates of the faid Pariih.

II.	And be it further enaded, That when the yearly Rent or Value of any Houfe, Tenement, or Hereditament within the faid Parifh {hall not ex- <-ceed Twenty Pounds, or where any Houle, Tenement, or Hereditament lhall be let to any Weekly or Monthly Tenants, or in feparate Apartments fumiihed or unfurniihed, and the Rents thereof {hall become payable, and be collected at any Aiorter Period than quarterly, then and in every fuch Cafe it {hall and may be lawful to and for the Churchwardens and Over-feers of the Poor or the major Part of them in Veltry aflembled (if they {hall thrnk proper) to compound with the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners of all and every or any fuch Houfe or Houfes, Tenement or Tenements, Hereditament or Hereditaments in the faid Pariih, for the Payment of the Rate or Rates, Aflcflment or Affeilments for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor, and all other the Parochial Rates of the faid Pa-rifli, at fuch a reduced yearly Rental as the faid Churchwardens and Over-feers of the Poor or the major Part of them for that Purpofe in Veltry af-fembled, Avail think reafonable; fo that no luch Houfe or Houfes, 'iene-ment or Tenements, Hereditament or Hereditaments be rated at lei's than One-half, or more than Four-fifths of the Rack Rent at which the fame rcfpedively fiiall then be let, or of the annual Value of the laid Premifes refpedively ; and the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners of all fuch Houfes, 1 enements, or Hereditaments, as fiiall not exceed the yearly Rent of Twenty Pounds, or as fhall be let to any Weekly or Monthly 'tenants, or 9t feparate Apartments furnilhed or unfurniihed, and from whence the feveral Rents thereof lhall become due and be collected at any ihorter Period than quarterly, is and are hereby required to enter into fuch Compo-lition with the faid Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor or the major Part of them fo aflembled ; and in cafe fuch Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners fhall refiufe to enter into fuch Compofition, he, fne, or they lhall from ihenceforth be deemed and taken to be-' the Occupier or Occupiers of fuch Premiles, and fhall thereupon be rated to and from l ime to Time lhall pay or caule to be paid the Rates or AlTeffmenis charged upon their refpedive Premifes for the Reliet of the Poor, and all other the Parochial Rates of the faid Pariih, according to a fair and equal AlfelTment by the faid Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor or the major Part of them fo alfc-mbled; and upon Non-payment thereof, the faid^Church-wardens and Overfeers or any of them are hereby authorized to levy the fame by DiArefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners of the refpedive Premifes aforefaid where-foever they may be found, or of the Perfon or Perfons inhabiting the lame refpedively : Provided always, that no fuch Landlord or Owner fhall be charged with or liable to pay for any increafed Rent referred or made payable to him for or on account of fuch Landlord or Owner, having agreed to pay the Rates heretofore chargeable upon the feveral Occupiers of fuch Premifes; and provided alfo, that the Goods and Chattels of all and -every Perfon or Perfons renting or occupying any fuch Houfe, Tenement or He-4	reditament,

ng

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

reditament, or any Part or Pa; ts thereof, the Rate or Rates, Affeffment or AlTeffments whereof the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners is and are hereby made liable and fubject (o as aforefaid, (hall be liable at all Times to be diltrained and fold for Payment of fo much of the laid Rates or Affeffments, and of all Arrears thereof as became due upon the faid Premifes during the Time of his, her, or their Occupancy only; but no fuch Occupier or Occupiers lhall at any Time be required to pay or be fubject or liable to pay any greater Sum for or towards the Difcharge of the faid Rates or AlTeffments or any of them and Arrears thereof, than the Amount of the Rent actually due and payable by fuch Occupier or Occupiers to the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners of the Premifes fo occupied by him, her, or them ; provided alfo, that each and every Occupier who lhall pay any Juch Rate or Rates, Affeffment or AlTeffments, or any Arrears thereof, or upon whom the fame lhall be levied, lhall and may from Time to Time deduct the fame from the Rent due and payable from him, her, or them, to the refpedkive Landlords or Owners of the Premifes (unlefs there lhall be fome Agreement to the contrary between the Landlord and Tenant) and the Receipt for fuch Payment lhall be a fufficient Difcharge to fuch Occupier and Occupiers, and to his, her, or their Landlord or Landlords for fo much Money as he, Ihe, or they lhall pay in the Manner directed by this ACt; provided alfo, that no fuch Tenant or Occupier, by Payment of any fuch Rate or Rates, Affeffment or AlTeffments in Manner aforefaid, or which (hall have been compounded for as aforefaid, lhall be deemed to acquire any Settlement in the faid Parilh, but in every fuch Cafe the Landlord or Owner of the Premifes lhall be deemed and conllrued to have paid the fame, any Law, Statute, or Ufage to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithllanding.

III.	And be it further enaCted, That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons lhall How Kate« remove out of or from or quit the Poffeffion of any Houfe, Shop,Building,	f

Tenement, or other Premifes, before fuch Rate or Rates, Affeffment or Af- Parties re-feffments charged thereon refpeftively lhall be paid and difcharged, or if maYinii-any Perfon or Perfons lhall enter into the Occupation of any Houfe, Shop,

Building, Tenement, or other Premifes in the faid Parilh, out of or from which any other Perfon or Perfons lhall have fo removed, before fuch Rate or Rates, Affeffment or AlTeffments, lhall have been paid and difcharged, then and in every fuch Cale, the Perfon or Perfons fo removing out of or from, or quitting the Poffeilion of and the Perfon or Perfons entering into the Occupation of any fuch Houfe, Shop, Building, Tenement or other Premifes, lhall be refpeCtively fubject and liable to the Payment of all fuch Rates and AlTeffments in proportion to the Time that fuch Perfons refpec-tively poffeffed or occupied the fame, in the fame Manner as if the Perfon or Perfons fo removing or quitting as aforefaid had remained in the Poffef-fion or Occupation of fuch Houfe, Shop, Building, Tenement or other Premifes, or the Perfon or Perfons fo entering into the Poffeffion or Occupation thereof refpeftively, had been originally rated and affeffed to fuch Rates or AlTeffments or any of them, and fuch Proportion lhall be afeer-tained by the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor of the faid Parilh; and in cafe of any Difpute refpefting the Amount or Proportion thereof, the fame lhall be fettled by any Two or more of His Majelty’s Juftices of the Peace in and for the faid County of Surrey.

IV.	And

I 20

Rates to be levied in Manner di. rected by 43 fcliz. c. 2

Ccrt.i'n Acts n t to be aiiected-

u and 13 Car. i. c- 28.

18 G 2. c13.

30 G. 2. c. 31-

Ti G. 3 C. 7J.

Paupers to be removed by Beadles in-ftead of Overfeers.

48“ GEORG 11 III. Cap. 9.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That fuch Rates or Aflellrnents for the Relief of the Poor lliall and may he levied and recovered in fuch Manner as the feveral Rates and Atfeffments made for the Relief of the Poor, by virtue of an Aft made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Acl for the Relief of the Poor, can or may be levied and recovered.

V.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained fhall extend, or be conlti ued to extend, fo as to repeal, vary, alter, or affeft any of the Claules, Provifoes, Direftions, Matters, or Things contained in an Aft made in the Twentv-fecond and Twenty-third Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled. An Ad for making the Manor of Paris Garden a Parijh, and to enable the Parijhioners of Saint Saviour's, Southwark, to raife a Maintenance for Minifters, and for Repair of their Church, or to repeal, vary, alter, or affect any Claufes,Provifions,Uiredtions, Matters, or Things contained in an Aft made in the Twenty-eighth Y'ear of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled. An Ad to enable the Churchwardens, Overfeers, and Inhabitants of the Parijh of Saint Saviour, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to held a Market within the faid Parijh, net interfering with the High Street in the

faid Borough-, or to repeal, vary, alter, or affeft any Claules, Provifions, Diredtions, Matters, or Things contained in a certain other A ft made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of King George', the Second, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render mure effedua! an Ad, pajfed in the Twenty eighth Tear of Bis prefnt Majejly, v titulcd, ‘ An Ad to enable the Churchwardens, Overfcrs, and Inhabitants cf the Parijh of Saint Saviour, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to hold a Market within the faid Parijh, not interfering with the High Street in the faid Borough or to repeal, vary, alter, or affeft any of the Claufes, Provifions, Diredtions, Matters or Things contained in an Aft made in the Fourteenth Year of ihe Reign of His Majefly King George the Third, intituled. An Ad for enlarging the prefent or providing a new Workhoufe for the Ufo of the Parijh of Saint Saviour, Southwark; andfor regulating the Poor in fuch IVork-houfe, for widening King Street at the Entrance into the High Street, Southwark, for making a Carriageway from the faid High Street through the Greyhound Inn into Queen Street; and for improving the Paffage from then re into Gravel Dane leading towards the Blackiriars Bridge Road in the Parijh cf Chrilt Church ; but fuch feveral Afts, and all and every the Claufts, Provifions, Directions, Matters, and Things therein contained, fhall be as good, valid, and effectual, and have the fame Force and Effeft as if this Aft had not been made.

VI.	And be it further enafted. That whenever any poorPcrfon or Perform, or any Vagrant or Vagrants, fnall be ordered to be removed from the faid Parilli of Saint Saviour so the Place or Parifhof his, her, or their legal Settlement, it fhall be lawful for the laid Churchwardens and Overleers of the Poor (if (hey lhall think fit) to caufe fuch .poor Perfon or Perlons, Vagrant or Vagrants, to be refptcthxly removed, in the ufuttl Manner of removing Paupers or Vagrants, by a Beadle orlbtne Perfon or Perlons to he appointed by the laid Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor or any Two or more of them for that Purpofe, by Writing under their Hands; and every Overfeer and other proper Oflicer of the Parilh or Place to which fuch poor Perfon or Perfofts, Vagrant or Vagrants, (hall be ordered to be

removed

121

4S‘GE0RGII III. Cap.g.

removed as aforefaid, is hereby required to receive every fuch poor Perfon or Perfons, Vagrant or Vagrants, in like Manner as he or they would have been bound to do if fuch poor Perfon or Perfon6, Vagrant or Vagrants, had been delivered to him, her, or them, by One of the Overfeers of the Poor of the faid Parifli of Saint Saviour, any Law, Cuftom, or Ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

. VII. And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and Andforthe for the Churchwardens, Overfeers of the Poor, and Inhabitants of the faid ^1|0r'()ef^ctu' Parilh affembled in Veftry, or the major Part of them fo affembled, from the iw a'?J Time to Time as often as they may find neceli'ary, to employ any Surveyor or Surveyors or other competent Perfon or Perfons to eftimate and after- wl'thin tie tain the annual Value of all or any Houfe or Houfes, or Hereditaments rarifh. liable to be affeffed to any Rate for the Relief or Maintenance of the Poor, they the faid Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor paying out of the Poor’s Rates fuch Sum and Sums of Money to fuch Surveyor or Surveyors for his or their* Trouble therein, as to the faid Churchwardens and Overfeers (hall feem juft and reafonable; Provided always, that no Perfon (hall be capable of adding as a Surveyor as aforefaid until he (hall have taken and fubfcribed the Oath following before the faid Churchwardens and Overfeers, (which Oath they or any One or more of them are hereby empowered to adminifter):

*	T A. B. do fwear, That I will truly, impartially, and honeftly execu'e ‘ A the Truft repofed in me as a Surveyor, by virtue of an Aft, palled ift

*	the Forty-eighth Year of His Majefty King George the Third, intituled,

‘ An Ad for better ajfejjing and colleding the Poor and other Rates in the ‘ Parijh of Saint Saviour, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of f Surrey, and regulating the Poor thereof, without Favour or Affcction,

*	Prejudice or Malice to any Perfon whcmifoever.

*	‘	So help me GOD.’

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That when and as often as any Dif- ^*pence of trefs (hall be made forNon-paymentof any fuch Rate or Rates, Affeilment or tri-i, "o i*'" Affeffments or any Part thereof, it (hall and^nay be lawful to and for the i™*1 “ 'tithe Perfon or Perfons making fuch Diftrefs to raile and levy the reafonable “1 " ' Charges of making fuch Diftrefs, and felling and difpoling of the fame,

upon the Goods and Chattels, over and above the Sum of Money due upon the Rate or Rates, Affeilment or Affeffmcnts for which fuch Diftrefs fliall be taken.

IX.	And be it further enabled, That where any fuch Diftrefs (hall be Pm>3 made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Aft,

the Diftrefs itfelf (hail not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties t„ br deemed making the fame be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaffers on account of any 'I'rcfp.ulVra. Defeft orWant of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto, nor (hall the Party or Parties be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpafiers ab initio on account of any Irregularity which fliall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties diftraining, but the Perfon or Perfons aggrieved by fuch Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the fpecia! Damage in an Action on the Cafe :

Provided always, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs lhall recover in any Action Cities not. for any fuch Irregularity, Trefpafs, or other Proceeding, unlefs Notice in Writing (hall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, or to his, ot'AiVon her, or their Attorney or Attorr.ies, or left at his, her, or their jaft or h.nc ufual Place of Abode Twenty-one-Days before fuch Action fliall be com-[Lee. is5 Per.']	Hh	menced,

128

Proceedings not to be quaihed for Want of Form.

If diiTatisfied may appeal to tne Quarter Seliions.

Juftices may relieve on Appeal apair.ft Rates without qualhing the whole Aflefl-ment.

Inhabitants may be W:t-netfes.

48® GEORG 11 III. Cap.9.

menced, figned by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, fpecifying the Caufe of fuch Aftion; nor (hall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in iuch Action, if l ender of fufficient Amends fhall be made by or on the Behalf of the Party or Parties who fhall have committed or caufed to be committed every or any fuch Irregularity,Trefpafs, or wrongful Proceeding before fuch A&ion brought; and in cafe qo fuch Tender fhall have been made, it fhall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any fuch Action, by Leave of the Court where fuch Aftion fhall depend, at any Time before Iffue joined, to pay into the Court fuch Sum of Money as he or they fhall fee fit, whereupon fuch Proceedings or Order and Judgment fhall be had, made, or given in and by fuch Court, as in other Adhons where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

X.	And be it further enacted. That no Rate or Rates, Affeflinent or Affeffments, nor any Proceedings to be had touching the Conviftion of any Offender or Offenders againfl this Act, or any Order made, or any other Matter or Thing to be done or ttanfacled in or relating to the Execution of this Act, fhall be vacated or quafhed for Want of Form only.

XI.	Provided always and be it enafted. That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall think himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved by any fuch Rate or Rates, Afleffment or Affeffments, or by reafon of any Order, Judgement, or Determination of any Juflice or Juftices of the Peace adting ia execution of this Adt, or by any Matter or Thing done in purfuance there, of, then and in every fuch Cafe he, {he, or they may appeal to the next General or Quarter Seliions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Surrey, which fhall happen next after the Expiration of Fourteen Days after the Caufe of Complaint fhall have aiifen, fuch Appellant or Appellants firft giving or caufmg to be given Ten Days Notice at leaft of fuch Appeal and of the Matter thereof to the Party or Parties appealed againfl, and within Two Days next after fuch Notice, entering into a Recognizance in the Sum of Twenty Pounds, before fome Juflice of the Peace for the faid County conditioned for profecuting fuch Appeal, and to abide the Order thereon, and to pay fuch Cofts as fhall be awarded by the Juftices at fuch General or Quarter Seffions; and the faid Juftices affembled at fuch General or Quarter Seffions, upon due Proof of fuch Notice being given and of entering into fuch Recognizance, fhall hear and determine the Matter of fuch Appeal in a fummary Way, and award fuch Cofts to the Party appealing or appealed againfl as they the faid Juftices fhall think proper, and alfo to order and award fuch Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they fhall think reafonable.

XII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That on Appeal from fuch Rates or AfTefTments, or any of them, the Juftices at fuch General or Quarter Seffions fhall and may amend the fame in fuch Manner as may be neceffary for giving Relief, without quafhing or altering fuch Rates or Affeffments with refpeft to other Perfons mentioned in the fame; but if upon Appeal from the whole Rate or Afleffment, it fhall be found neceffary to fet afide the fame, then and in fuch Cafe the faid Juftices fhall and may order a new Rate or Afleffment to be made.

XIII.	And be it further enafted, That in all Actions, Profecutions, Informations, Caufes, and Proceedings whatfoever relating to or concerning

-2	die

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap.g.	123

the Execution of this AS, no Inhabitant of the faid Parifh fhall be deemed an incompetent Witnefs on account of his, her, or their being charged with and liable to pay any fuch Rate or Affcffment.

XIV.	And be it further enadted, That no Action or Suit (hall be brought	of

or commenced againll any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing done in pur-fuance of this Adt after Six Months after the Fact committed or the Caufe of fuch Action fhall have arifen; and every fuch Adtion fhall be laid and brought in the County of Surrey, and not elfewhere, and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Adtion or Adtions to be brought, may plead the General Iflue, and give this Adt and the fpecial Matter in Evidence at any ceneral Iffue, Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by Authority of this Adt; and if upon the Trial of fuch Adtion or Suit it fhall appear to be fo done, or that fuch Adtion or Suit fhall have been brought before the Expiration of Twenty-one Days next after fuch Notice fhall have been given as aforefaid, or after a fufficient Satisfadtion made or tendered as aforefaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the fame as aforefaid, or fhall be brought or laid in any other County than as aforefaid, then and in fuch Cafe the Jury fhall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if upon fuch Verdidt, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhall becothe non-fuited, or difeontinue his, her, or their Adtion or Adtions, or if a Verdidt fhall pafs againlt the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer Judgement fhall be given againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every fuch Cafe the Defendant or Defendants fhall and may recover Treble Cofts, and have the like Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or De- colti. fendants hath or have for Cofts of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

XV.	And be it further enadted, That all Cofts, Charges, and Expences tor paying the of palling this Adt, and all other Charges incident to the obtaining thereof this Act? ° or incurred in relation thereto, fhall be borne, paid, and defrayed out of

the Firft Monies which fhall arife or be colledted by virtue of this Adt.

XVI.	And be it further enadted, That this Adt fhall be deemed and Publick Act, taken to be a Publick Adt, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch

by ail Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecial!y pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan. Printers to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty. 1808.

,21

to flol*nlisniJ

.4&0&2A



.liloJ

?|f* ,,vi io -»n. {

.‘3A A«lii

&!!&*!



nojioao^f

'•'• 'id IkiT: <T: ‘‘if- 1 o.i! -i u.:!J*iIut.or. .	.	'	..tinnr’ r: -v.Tari;

IragaaJ* . ::-. J i. di to ,-rsd ,i ■ do ;u*i< xts -	uix-	a	oni	.	s

JnacBlbilA sisSl Aol'\ /. . f£.-j o; $k ij rt$ rf;' r

. Hi J IIi»: - Hi.0, ip tioiS A. oa jwlT.,I»fififn r rfni/» il »*j I . A .7IX Sflob i fe 1 ■ ■	■	'	.	■[

j c..ij -i..	1	iniio	LA	•-	'Vi	ty.’j	Ampul	;.i2	tuitu	&L	si	.: - awutil

!

H busiXl aih i.*;:: .•.tad r/jJlto .. a hois ,nni^ if* viiruofj or(- fti !pueid :	bK&%	y.'.'iu	.id od oj r' ,.3A » tti.V ». ibat ni eu. ' • ?/jCl .y*

6o nfcvN ni ■ Li •	-..h	}h:b	S'>h	id;	avig ins «aulk IctsnaD

.-.-.•jahsq ni r h z::a oa:;:\ irij jgdt bnn ,. .ivwit bsif • t >j IfittT

ti

. d lLd. du'3 io neidiA dolil .: 'to t*j:. i .rf rt ijjsqe.. ..	;<

I	..	- L ail Vina	u	.!	i

.. ■ '

o .p/i; liiid ' :	tjxnil	ami	■'	nit	inili.	ly	*b:	Wi’Uf;	s-r-	u	io	uL-a.i

jirii /''luoO 1.1'l-.i v;: ; nt bi-rl t'i }	,r!	'	!,V!>	/	i.	•:	•.	1

If.. wiiiJufkr^jL	•; > ii; ail*.
	\ -i ifi ■(
-iittnoU ncitn	iif .
	
-oi i vj v oaai \	sA bob' ifiatSte
1	
.7	1 1 3jir a .
	
r.imfjitrl u:i	- -Ad. ,-.kd
	Vi;f j
l,j JllO ! 11 i	t’-AS
	. . V .. ..

tuiCUl

xa/2

'•rjl s;!: vfsD rfpiil «i i, "6 I : f - ' 1

■ ■■• ■ ,	■

Sb'TX'Sp 10 A f

w

•; >d ILrfi . il.'i. iJlil. 10 J

b(T V :•' • ■ r ! ••	••

i'l '-its -j id lini; .LbJa.'d

■; i’	nt	-	-ft—* ft y~ '■ .	.1	-

> 1 .. . -i. 3-ta ■	 :	id

I!, rf .	*	t	i '	.	t	•

■

' t . \	...	.	;'l	-	.51'	.	.	.;S3i..0t	.1	’..p	*(d

tK*r ..«r2 vr.;.

• •	.	.	.	b	J

■ *	*’‘ . * c<5: o: ;.. .... A

-AV

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

###**##**»**********#*****#***#*#**»*##*#*•***********

Cup. lo.

An Adi to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Adis of his late and prefent Majefty, for repairing the Roads from Hinckley to Melbourne Common, and other Roads in the faid Adis mentioned, in the Counties of Leicefter and Derby.	[21ft March 1808.]

YT THERE AS an Aft was palled in the Thirty-third Year of the \/\f Reign of his late Majefty King George the Second, intituled, * ▼ An Ad for repairing and widening the High Roads from Hinckley to Woeful Bridge, and alfo from Hoo Alh Lane through Old Lane, and from Swannington to Lee Gutter, and from thence to Melbourne Common, and from Ibftock to Meaftiam, in the Counties of Leicefter and Derby: And whereas an Aft was palled in the Fourteenth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An Ad to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Ad, paffed

*	in the Thirty-third Tear of the Reign cf his late Majefty King George the ‘ Second, intituled, ‘ An Ad for repairing and widening the High Roads from ‘ Hinckley to WoefulBridge, and alfo from Hoo Alh Lane through Old Lane, ‘ and from Swannington to Lee Gutter, and from thence to Melbourne ‘ Common, and from Ibftock to Meaftiam, in the Counties of Leicefter and ‘ Derby, and for repairing and widening the Rond from Phiney’s Houfe in ‘ the Liberty of Ofbafton to Chelhires Houfe in the Liberty of Carlton, and ‘ alfo the Road from the Turnpike Road at Swannington along Burton’s

*	Lane to the Coal Fields, and alfo the Road from the Toll Gate in Old Lane

\_Lsc. & Per. j	U	'to

'.3 G. 4. n 45.

14 C. 3. c.no

126

Afisforthcr cuii turned.

Fiiit Meeting of theTrul-tcei.

Power to adjourn.

aS°GEORGII III. Cap. io.

* to the Leicefter and Afhby-de-la-Zouch Turnpike Roads And whereas great Progrefs hath been made in the Execution of the faid Adis, and con-fiderable Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls? authorized to be taken on the faid Roads; which Money cannot be paid off, nor can the faid Roads be effectually amended, improved, fupported, and kept in Repair, unlefs the Terms granted by the faid Adis is further continued, the Powers and Provifions thereof in fome Refpedls altered, amended, and enlarged, and the Tolls increafed ; May it therefore pleafe Your Majefly that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by tire King’s moll Excellent Majefly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the faid recited Adis, pafTed in the Thirty-third Year of his laid late Majefly, and in the Fourteenth Year of His faid prefent Majefly, and all the Powers, Provifions, Matters, and Things therein contained, (except fuch as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and alio fuch as are by this Adi varied, altered, or repealed) fliall be and the fame are hereby further continued for and during the Term hercin-after mentioned, as fully and effedlually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame were repeated and re-enadled in the Body of this Adi; and this Adi and the additional Term and Powers hereby granted fliall be and are hereby made fubjedl and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing or hereafter to grow due and to be borrowed on the Credit of the faid Adis, together with the Interelt due and to grow due thereon refpedlively.

IT. And be it further enadted, That the Truftees for executing the faid recited Adis and this Adi, or any Five or more of them, fhall meet at the George Inn, in Market Bofworth, in the faid County of Leicejler, upon the Second Wednefday next after the paffing of this Adi, or as foon after as conveniently may be, between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon and Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, or at fuch other Time and Place as the Clerk or Treafurer to the faid Truftees (hall appoint by Notice or Advertifement in the Manner herein-after preferibed with refpect to Meedngs on Emergencies, and then and there proceed to carry this Adi and the faid recited Adis into Execution, and fhall then and from Time to Time afterwards adjourn thernfelves to meet again at fuch Place or Places, on or near to any Part of the faid Roads, as the faid Trultees or the major Part of them prefent at any fuch Meeting fhall think proper and appoint, for putting this Adi and the faid recited Adis into Execution ; and that all Acts and Proceedings of any Perfon or Perfons who hath or have adted or fhall adt as a Truftee or Truftees in the Execution of this Adi or either of the faid recited Acls, though not duly qualified previous to his or their being convidled of having done fo, fliall be as valid and efledlual as if fuch Perfon or Perfons had been fo qualified.

III.	And be it further enacted, That in cafe a competent Number of Truftees fhall not appear at any Time and Place appointed for a Meeting of the faid Truftees either then to adt or to adjourn to any other Time, Two Truftees being hereby declared to be fufficient for the Purpofe of Adjournment only ; or in cafe the faid Truftees at any Time affembled (hall omit or negledl to adjourn thernfelves, then and in either of the faid Cafes it fhall be lawful for the Clerk or Treafurer to the faid Truftees for the Time being, by Notice in Writing to be affixed on all the Toll Gates eroded or to be eredted upon the faid Roads, or inferted in fomc Newfpaper publiftied

5	«

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 10.	127

or circulated in the County of Leicejier (if any) at leaft Seven Days before the next Meeting, to appoint them to meet at the fame Place where the laft Meeting was held or was to have been held, on fuch future Day as (hall be fpecitied in fuch Notice, not exceeding Five Weeks next after the Day on which fuch lad Meeting was held or was to have been held as	,

aforefaid; and in cafe fuch Clerk or Treafurer refpeftively fhall refufe or neglect to give Notice, or fhall by any Means be prevented from giving Notice as aforefaid, it (hall be lawful for any Five of the faid Truftees, although not aflembled at any Meeting at any Time or Times after fuch Refufal, Neglect, or Prevention refpeftively as aforefaid, by Notice in Writing under their Flands to be affixed or inferted in Manner aforefaid, to appoint the Truflees to meet at fome Houfe near to the laid Roads upon fome Day within Three Weeks next after the Date of fuch laft-mentioned Notice.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That if after any Adjournment of the Meetings on faid Truftees, it fhall upon any Emergency be thought neceflary that they Emergencies, fliould meet at an earlier Time than the Day appointed by fuch Adjournment, in that cafe the Clerk to the faid Truftees, upon an Order in Writing figned by Five or more of them, mentioning the Time, Place andPur-

pofe of fuch Meeting, fhall forthwith give Notice thereof in the Manner before directed, and of the Time and Place which (hall be mentioned in fuch Order 'vfuch Time not being lefs than Seven Days after fuch Noticed; and fuch earlier Meetings fhall and may be held accordingly, and all the Proceedings of the Truftees at fuch Meetings as aforefaid (hall be as valid and effeftual as they would have been in cafe fuch Meetings had been held in purfuance of Adjournment.

V.	And be it further enafted, That on every Sunday, after the Expira- Double Toil tion of Twenty-one Days next after the palling of this Aft, there (hall be on SunJa)rt-demanded and taken at the Toll Gates erefted upon the faid Roads rel-peftively, by the Colleftor or Colleftors at fuch Gates, before any Horfe,

Bead, Cattle, or Carriage fhall be permitted to pafs through the fame, double the Tolls by the faid recited Afts or either of them direfted and allowed to be taken ; which faid Tolls (hall be and the fame are hereby veiled in thefaid Truftees, and (hall be collefted and recovered, levied, paid,

•applied, and difpofed of in the fame Manner and with fuch Remedies for Non-payment or Evafion thereof as are contained in the faid recited Afts.

VI.	And be it further enafted. That none of the Tolls by the faid recited Exemption* Afts granted (hall be demanded or taken for any Carriage, Horfe, Cat- flura r°11-tie, or Bead employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only

in carrying or conveying any Stones, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the faid Roads or any of the Roads in the Parifhes in which any Part of fuch Roads doth lie; or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not fold or difpofed of, or palling for that Purpofe, but palling to be ufed, laid up, or placed in the Outhoules or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Carriage, Horfe, or Cattle going for the Purpofes of or returning from the ploughing, tilling, or fowing of any Land or Ground, or which (hall be ufed or employed only in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements

128	GEORGII HI. Cap. 10.

ments of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Compoft, or Manure (except I.ime and Limeftone) employed in Hufbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands; or for any Horfes or Cattle going to or returning from Palture or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being ihoed or far-ried; nor fhall any Toll be demanded or taken from any Perfon going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worfliip tolerated by Law on a Sunday, or on any ether Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Perfon who fhall die and be buried in any of the faid Parilhes ; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from vifit-ing any fick Perfon, or upon other his Parochial or Minilterial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horfe, Beall, Cattle, or Carnage of whatever Delcription, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expreffes under the Authority of His Majefty’s Poll Mailer General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding fuch Mails or Exprelfes, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horfe, Beall, Cattle or Carriage attending any Soldiers upon their March, or on Duty, or attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horfe, Mare, or Gelding furnilhed by, or for any Perfon belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him ingoing to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercife : Provided foch Perfons are in the Uniform of their refpective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps refpettively, at the Time ot claiming fuch Exemptions as aforefaid; or for any Horfe, Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants fent by legal Palfes ; or for any Horfe, Cattle, Beall, or Carriage carrying or conveying any Perfon or Perfons going to 01 returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to ferve in Parliament for the faid Counties of Leicejler and Derby, or for the'Election oi a Burgefs or Burgeffes to ferve in Parliament for the Boroughs of Leicejler and Derby, on the Day or Days of fuch Election, or on the Day before or Day after Tuch Election fhall begin or be concluded; and if any Perfon or Perfons fhall in any fraudulent or collufive Manner whatfoever claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Aft granted, not being entitled to the fame, every fuch Perfon fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, One Half whereof fliali go to the Informer, and the other Half lhall be applied for the Purpofes of this Act.

Power to vary VII. And be it further enafted, That it lira 11 and maybe lawful to and Road irfthe f°r tbe Trullees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to Liberties of turn, vary, and alter the Line of the faid Turnpike Road in the Liberties wTrtWnnon Worthington and Newbold from or riear the Junction of the Turnpike 0 Road leading from Colcorton to Rcmpjlon, with a Part of the faid Hinckley Roadto or near the pubiick Road leading from otherPart of the faid Hinckley Road to Newbold and Breeden in the faid County of Leicejler-, and that immediately from and after the faid Variation and Alteration lhall be made,

' to flop up the laid Line of Road fo to be varied, which from thenceforth lhall go and belong to Sir George Howland Beaumont Baronet, his Heirs and Alligns, in lieu of and Exchange for the Land or Soil of him the faid Sir George Howland Beaumont, to be taken and ufed for the laid Turnpike Road and in Satisfaction of the Charges and.Expences v^liich wjll be incurred by

the

48°GEORGII III. Cap. lo.	129

the faid Sir George Howland Beaumont in removing the Materials and well and i'ufficiemly forming and making the laid Line of Road fo to be varied purfuant to his Agreement with the faid Truftees for that Purpofe.

VIII: Provided always, and he it enaCted, That no Toll Gate or Bar No "Toll Gate fhall be (reded or let up upon the Line of Road fo to be varied in the Li- llpon liberties of Worthington and Newhold as aforefaid, or at either of the Ends varied Line or thereof communicating with the Road from which the faid Variation or thc^a.'t! J Alteration is to be made.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That in cafe the Tolls ariftng from all or

any of the faid Toll Gates erected or to be ereded on the faid Roads, take pofteifion fhall at any Time or Times during the Continuance of this Act be demifed or let to farm to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, and the Lefiee or Leffes, Farmer or Farmers to whom the faid Tolls fhall be refpedively demifed or let, fhall neglect or refufe to perform the Terms and Conditions on which the fame fhall.be fo demifed or let, or in cafe the Rent or Rents agreed to be paid by fuch Lefiee or Leffees, Farmer or Farmers, fhall be in Arrear by the Space of Ten Days next after any of the Days on which the fame ought to be paid purfuant to the Agreement for letting the fame, then and in either of the faid Cafes the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, their Clerk or Treafurer, or other Perfon authorized by Writing under the Hands of any Five or more of them, fhall be at Liberty and they are hereby authorized to enter into and upon the Poffeflion of the Toll-houfe or Toll-houfes with the Buildings, Gates, and Appurtenances thereto belonging fo letten as aforefaid, and to remove and put out fuch Lefiee or Leffees, Farmer or Farmers from the Poffeflion thereof, and from the Collection of the Tolls there payable; and that thereupon it fhall be lawful for the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them (if they (hall think fit) to vacate and determine the ContraCt or Agreement for leafing or letting the faid Tolls to fuch Leffee or Leffees, Farmer or Farmers, and the fame fhall accordingly be void to all Intents and Purpofes (fave as to the Covenants and. Agreements for Payment cf the Rent or Rents thereby referved up to the Time when fuch Re-entry fhall take Place) as if fuch Demife or Agreement had never been made ; and it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, in every fuch Cafe to demife or let to farm the faid Toils again to any other Perfon or Perfons, or caufe them to be taken and collected in the fame Manner as if no former Contract or Agreement had been entered into relative to the fame.

X.	And be it further enaCted, That when and as often as any Collector FiveTrU<u-« or Receiver of the Tolls fhall negleCt or be incapable of performing his

Duty, or fhall abfeond or abfent himfelf, any Five or more of the faid Coilc .iorf: Truilees, though not affembled at a Meeting of the faid Truftees appointed by virtue of this Act, fhall and may lawfully difcharge fuch Collector or Receiver fo negleCting or being incapable of performing his Duty, or abfeonding or abfenting himfelt; and in fuch Cafe, and alio in cafe any ,. , fuch Collector or Receiver fhall die, fuch Truftees fhall and may nominate thofc mlr-and appoint a proper Perfon to be a Collector or Receiver of the faid behav ng, an a Tolls, to continue until the then next Meeting of the faid Truftees, in the uTne"tMe't-Stead of fuch Collector or Receiver as fhall die or be difeharged; and fuch >ng.

Perfon fo nominated and appointed fhall have the like Power and Authority,

\_Loe. & ftr. j	Kk	and

130	48°	GEORG	II	III. Cap.10.

and be anfwerable aud accountable in the fame Manner in all Refpefts as the Perfon who lliall fo die or be difcharged would have had or would have been fubjeft to; and if any Collector cr Receiver of the faid Tolls who (hall be difcharged from his faid Office by virtue of this Aft, or the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or Reprefentative or Reprefentatives of any Colleftor or Receiver who (hall die or be difcharged, or any other Perfon who (hall refufe to deliver up the Pofieflion of any 1 oll-houfe or Building erefted on the faid Roads for the Space of Two Days after Demand thereof made and Notice in Wriling given for that Purpofe by any Five or more of the faid Truflees, although not aifem-bled at a Meeting, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Treafurer or J reafur rs for the Time being, then aud in any of the faid Cafes it (hall and may oe lawful for any Juftice or Judices of the Peace for the County or P ce, a"d he and they is and are hereby required, by Warrant under his < r intir Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to order any Conltable or other Peace Officer, withfuch Aihftance as (hall be neceffiiry to enter iuch Houfe or Building in the Day lime, and to remove fuch Perfon or Perfons who (hall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Go ds out of the fame, and to put the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, or fuch hew appointed Collector or Receiver, into the Pofieffion thereof.

Colleger or ^ XL And be it further enafted. That in cafe any Difpute or Litigation

a vvitHefs. L (hall arife touching any Diltrefs taken for Non-payment or Recovery of any of the Tolls payable by virtue of the fa d recited Acts or this Aft, the Perfon or Perfons appointed to collect the faid Tolls, or any other Perfon or Perfons afting by or under the Authority of the faid 1 ruftees, (hall not be an incompetent Witnefs or Witnefles by reafon of his or their being a Colleftor or Collectors o( the faid Tolls, to prove the Legality of the Diftrefs and the Non-payment of fuch Toll or Tolls or any Part thereof, or to give any other Proof or Proofs, Teftimony, or Evidence which (hall be neceflary in fuch Cafe.

statute'La- XII. And be it further enafted, That all Perfons who by l aw are or

^”ur‘	(hall	be liable to do Statute Work, or are or (hall be chargeable towards

repairing and amending the faid Roads or any Part thereof, or any Divifion thereof, (hall (till remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it (hall be lawful for any Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Leice/ier, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the faid Truflees, or any Five or more of them, or by their Treafurer, Clerk, or Surveyor, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work (hall every Year be done upon the faid Roads by the Inhabitants of the refpeftive Parifhes, Townfhips, or Places in which the faid Roads do lie, and alfo what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch Parifii, Townfhip, or Place, in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work as aforefsid, (hall be by him, her* or them paid to the faid Truftees, or to their Treafurer or Treafurers 5 and in order thereunto it (hall be lawful for fuch Juftices from Time to Time to fummon the Surveyor or Surveyors, of the Highways for every fuch Parifti, Townfhip, or Place, to bring in Lifts before fuch Juftices, at fome Place to be expreffed in fuch Summons (within Ten Days after the ferving of fuch Summons) of the Names of the feveral Perfons who within fuch Parifh, Townfhip, or Place are by Law fubjeft and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a

Compofition

48* GEORG 11 III. Cap. 10.	T31

Compofition for fuch Statute Work, diftinguifhing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwife, atid aifo the Amount of the tefpeftfvfe Sums to be paid ; which Lifts of Names fhall be made in fuch Manner and under fuch Regulations and Reftrittions as are or may be directed bv any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of fuch Lifts the faid Juftices fhall and may allot, appoint, and order fuch and fo many of the Perfons who fhall appear fubject and liable to Statute Work as aforefaid, to do fuch Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the faid Roads, as the faid Juftices fhall think reafonable, and the fame fhall be done at fuch Days and at fuch Times (not being Hay Time or Harveft), and in fuch Parts of the faid Roads, as the faid Truftees or their Surveyor or Surveyors fhall from Time to Time order, direft, and appoint: and the faid Juftices fhall and may alfo order and dire£t the Perfons who by fuch Lifts fhall appear to be fuhjeft and liable to the Payment of ally Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for Statute Work as aforefaid, to pay fuch Proportion thereof as the faid Juftices fhall think proper, to the fa:d Truftees or their Treafurer, at fuch Time or Times as the faid Juftices fhall direft, and in Default of Payment thereof the fame fhall and may be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the refpeftive Perfons liable [to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the faid Acts or this ACc authorized or directed to be recovered ; and each and every Perfon who fhall negletl or refufe to do fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their ufual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpofe, by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, fhall for every Day of Ids, her or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts Horfe or Horfes, Bead or Beafts to be provided by him, her, or them, be fubjeft and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as fuch Perfon or Perfons may be fubjedt or liable to by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repair of the publick Highways ; and if any Perfon who fhall come to work as a Labourer, or fhall be fent with any Team or Draught to work on the faid Roads fhall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, fuch Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and difmifs the Perfon who fhall be found idle or negligent as aforefaid, and in that Cafe every fuch Perfon fhall be fubject and liable to the refpeftive Forfeitures and Payments as aforefaid, -as if he had neglefted or refufed to come, or fuch Team or Draught had not been fent to work on any Part of the faid Roads ; all which Forfeitures fhall be paid to the Treafurer to the faid Truftees, and applied towards amending the faid Roads; and in cafe the faid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the faid Parifhes, Townfhips, or Places, fhall refufe or willfully negled to give in fuch Lifts as aforefaid, or fhall knowingly and wilfully give in falfe and imperfect Lifts, every fuch Surveyor fo offending fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XIII. And be it further enafted. That it fhall be lawful for the faid Truf- Truftees nwy tees, or any Five or more of them, to compound and agree by the Year or £°mP™nd otherwife with the PofTeffors, Occupiers, Grantees, Truftees, Feoffees, and w0rk.'Ute Committees of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which are or fhall be liable to or chargeable with the Repair of any Part of the faid Roads, or of any Bridge, Arch, or Sewer, or with any Perfon or Perfons for the Performance

I32

For recovering the Ccm-pofition Monies.

How Surveyors of High, ways are to be reimburfed and Compofi-tion Money paid by them.

Truftees may eor.traft (or Repairs-

Mile Stones and Guide Ports to be fet up when wanted.

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 10.

fbrmance of his, her, or their Statute Work (hereon ; and alfo that it (hall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of (he Highways of any of the faid Parifhes, Towmlhips or Places, or any of the Inhabitants of fuch Parifhes, Townfhips or Places, to compound and agree by the Year or otherwife with the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, for and in iieu of the Statute Work to be performed by fuch Inhabitants upon any Part or Parts of the faid Roads.

XIV.	And be it further enadted, That in cafe the Competition Money agreed to be paid for parting through any Turnpike or Toll Gate, or in lieu of any fuch Repairs or Statute Work as aforelbid, or any Part or Parts of fuch Compofttion Money refpedtivcly, fliall not be paid within Fifteen Days after the fame Ihall become payable, it ftiall be lawful for the laid Truftees or any Five or more of them, or any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace for the faid Coui ty, by Writing under their refpedtive Hands and Seals, to empower the Perfon or Perfons authorized to receive fuch Compofttion Money (Oath having been firft made before fuch Truftees or any Five or more of them, or fuch Juftice or Juftices, that the fame hath been demanded and remains due, which Oath the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, or fuch Juftice or Juftices are hereby respectively empowered to adminifter) to levy fuch Competition Money by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Perfon or Perfons having fo compounded or agreed to pay fuch Compofttion Money as afore-faid, returning the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, after deducting fuch Competition Money ahd the reafonable Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That the refpedtive Surveyors of the Highways who fliall pay any fuch Competition Money, or of whom the fame fliall be recovered as aforefaid, fliall be repaid or reimburfed the Competition Money paid by or recovered of them refpedtively, with the Cofts and Charges attending fuch Recovery, by the feveral Ways and Yeans and in fuch Manner as by the Laws in being Surveyors of the Highways are to be repaid or reimburfed the Monies by them expended in buying Materials for repairing the Highways.

XVI.	And be it further enadted, That it fliall be lawdul for the faid Truftees froift Time to Time, to Contract and agree with any Perfon or Perfons for the repairing the faid Road or any Part or Parts thereof, or for doing any other Work in purfuance or execution of this Act, in fuch Manner and for fuch Sum or Sums of Money annually or otherwife as the faid Truftees fhall think proper.

XVII.	And be it further enadted, That the faid Truftees fliall caufe to be fet up, whenever the fame fhall be wanted, Stones or Pofts in, upon, or near the Sides of the faid Roads, at the Diftance of One Mile from each other, with Inicriptions thereon denoting the Number of Miles and Diftance from Places; and alfo erect fuch Guide or Direction Pofts with fuch Infcriptions thereon as they the faid Truftees fliall think proper; and if any Perfon or Perfcns fhall wilfully pull down, break, or damage any fuch Stone or Port, or deface or obliterate any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks inferibed thereon, or fliall caufe or procure the fame to be done, every fuch Perfon fo offending fliall for every fuch Offence forfeit any Sum not

4	exceeding

*33

48°GEORGiI III. Cap. 10.

exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered in the fame Manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures impofed by this Adt are recovered, One Half whereof (hall be paid to the Informer, and the other Half Aral) be applied in fuch Manner as the Penalties are hercin-after directed to be applied.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons fliall tide upon any Footway or Path adjoining to or made on the Side of or upon the faid Roads, or (hall drive any Horfc, Cattle, or Swine, or any Carriage thereon, or lhall caufe any Damage to be done to any fuch Footway $ or S' any Perfon (hall hale or draw or caufe to be haled or drawn upon any Part of the faid Roads, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone (other-wife than upon wheeled Carriages) or (hall fuffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber or Stone which fliall be carried upon wheeled Carriages, to drag upon any Part of the faid Roads to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Perfon driving any Pigs or Swine upon the faid Roads (hall fuffer the fame to root up and damage the fame or any Part thereof, or the Fences or Hedges on either Side thereof; or if any Perfon driving any Coach, Chaife, Waggon, or other Carriage upon the faid Roads, and meeting another Coach, Chaife, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, (hall not keep his Carriage on the left Side of the faid Roads; or if any Perfon fliall in any Manner wilfully prevent any other Perfon or Perfons from palling him or her upon the faid Roads, or the Coach, Chaife, Waggon, Cart or other Carriage under his Care ;]or if any Perfon (hall make or aflift in making any Fire or Fires commonly called Bonfires, or fliall fet fire to or let off or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent, or Firework whatfoever, on any Parc or Parts of the faid Roads; or if any Perfon (hall without fufficient Caufe leave any Stage Coach, Waggon, Wain, or Cart longer than may be necefiary in, upon or on the Side of any Part of the laid Roads, either with or without any Horfe or Bead of Draught harneffed or yoked thereto ; or fliall lay any Piece of Timber, or any Stones, Hay, Straw, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbilh, or other Matter or Thing whatfoever, on any Part of the faid Roads or on the Side or Sides thereof to the Prejudice thereof, or to the Prejudice, Annoyance, or Inconvenience of Perfons travelling thereon, every Perfon fo offending fliall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon whomfoever fliall take away any Materials which (hall have been dug, gotten, or gathered for the Repair or Ufe of the faid Road, or (hall raife or carry away any MaterialsoutofanyPit or Quarry whiciilhall havebeen made or opened for the Purpofe of getting Materials for the faid Road, before the faid Surveyors or their Workmen (hall have difcbntinued working therein, for the Space of Ten Days (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and Perfons authorized by fuch Owner or Occupier to get Materials for his own private Ufe only and not for Sale,) every Perfon fo offending (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Three Pounds.

XX.	And be it further enabled, That if any Perfon or Perfons fliall affault, interrupt, or hinder, or caufe or promote to be aflaulted, interrupted, or hindered, any Collector of the Tolls, or any Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other Perfon or Perfons by them or any of them, or by the faid

[Lee. & Per.'}	LI	Truflees

Penalty for riding on Footpaths.etc-

Penalty on taking away Materials.

Penalty on

obli fueling any Perfon in the Execution of tha Aft.

*34

48* GEORG 11 III. Cap. ra

Trullees or any Five or more of them, employed in the Execution of tins and the faid recited Afts, every fuch Perfon lhall for every fuch Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

Trullees may

XXI.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Truflees may fue and be fued for or concerning any Thing done by virtue and in purfuance of this Aft, in the Name of their Treafurer or Clerk for the Time being, and that no Aftion or Suit to be brought or commenced by the Direftion of or againfl the faid Truftees by virtue of this Aft in the Name of their Treafurer or Clerk, fhall abate or be difcontinued by the Death or Removal of any fuch Treafurer or Clerk, nor by the Aft of l'uch Treafurer or Clerk, without the. Confent of the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, at a Meeting holden in purfuance of this Aft, but that the Treafurer or Clerk for the Time being to the faid Truftees, lhall-be deemed to be the Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Cafe may be, in every fuch Aftion; provided always, that every fuch Treafurer or Clerk in whofe Name any Aftion or Suit lhall be commenced, profecuted, or defended in purfuance of this Aft, lhall be fully indemnified, reimbursed, and paid out of the Monies to arife by virtue of this Aft, all fuch Colls, Charges, Damages, and Ex-pences as by the Event or in Confequence of any fuch Aftion or Proceeding he lhall pay, bear, expend, or be put unto or become chargeable with by reafon of his being fo made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforefaid.

XXII.	And be it fuither enafted, That if any Money lhall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchafed, taken, or ufed by virtue of the Powers of the faid Afts and this Aft, for the Purpofes thereof, which lhall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Perfon or Perfons under any other Difability or Incapacity as in the faid firft recited Aft particularly mentioned, fuch Money lhall, in cafe the fame lhall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed on his Account there ex parte the Truftees for executing the faid recited Afts and this Aft, to the Intent that fuch Money lhall be applied under the Direftion and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe of the Land Tax, or towards the Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch Incumbrances or Part thereof as the faid Court lhall authorize to be paid, affefting the fame Lands, or Hereditaments, or affefting other Lands or Hereditaments, Handing fettled therewith, to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents, or Purpofes, or where fuch Money fhall not be fo applied, then the fame lhall be laid out and inverted under the like Direftion and Approbation of the faid Court in the Purchafe of other Lands, or Hereditaments, which lhall be conveyed and fettled to, for, or upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trufts, Intents,* and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Lands or Hereditaments which lhall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid, flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement, lhall be exifting, undetermined, and capable of taking effect •, and in the mean Time and until fuch Purchafe (hall.be made, the faid Money lhall by Order of the faid Court upon Application thereto, be inverted by the faid

Accountant

in the Name of their Clerk.

Application of Cornpcn-fation Money when

amounting to acol;

i35

.	4*?	GEORG	11 III. Cap. io.

AccduntSht General in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, and in the mean Time and until the faid Bank Annuities fhall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities fhall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the faid Court, to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments, fo hereby directed to be purchafed, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money fo Application agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchafed, "hen the taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging to any Corpo- is^nthari'0* ration or to any Perfon or Perfons under Difability or Incapacity as *°oi. and aforefaid, fhall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and fhall excecd‘ *ol> exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame

fhall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpedtive Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name of and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or other-wife the fame fhall be paid ac the like Option to Two Truftees to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by any Five or more of the faid Truftees (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that fuch principal Money and the Dividends arifing thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, fo far as the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXIV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadled, That where fuch Money Application fo agreed or awarded to be paid as nextbefore mentioned, fhall be lefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall be applied to the lefs than iol, Ule of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been

entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpoles of the faid Adis and this Adt, in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them fhall think fit; or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled rcfpedtivcly.

XXV.	And be it further enadled, That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to of not whom any Sum or Sums of Money fhall be awarded for the Purchafe of Titles.8 °U any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed by virtue of the

faid recited Adis and this Adi, fhall refufe to accept the fame, or fhall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes to the Satisfadlion of the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money fhall be fo awarded as aforefaid cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or difeovtred, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees or any

Five

*3<>	48*GEORG!I III. Cap.xo.

five or moreof them, to order the faid Sam or Sums of Money fo awarded asaforefaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parlies interefted in the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [deferibing them] fubjed to the Order, Controul, and Difpofition of the faid Court of Chancery, which faid Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, fliall be and is hereby empowered in a fummary Way of Proceeding or other-wife, as to the faid Court fhall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Dirtribution thereof or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpedive Eftate or Eftates, Title or Intereft, of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifcs as to the faid Court fhall feem juft and reafonable; and the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England, who fhall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

Perfonsin XXVI, Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any than be deem- Quefti°n fhall a rife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to <•<1 well enti- be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of contra"''be*1* Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of this jh,-wn.y Aft, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Eftate, Right, or Intereft in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed in purfuance of the faid recited Afts and this Aft, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who fhall have been in Pofleflion of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Pofleflion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, fhall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments according to fuch Pofleflion, until the contrary fhall be fhewn to the Saiisfaftion of the faid Court of Chancery, and the Dividends and intereft of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, fhall be paid, applied, and dilpofed of accordingly, unlcfs it fhall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Pof-feflion was a wrongful Pofleflion, and that fonre other Perfon or Perfons was or were law fully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to iome Eftate or Intereft therein.

The Comt XXVII. Provided alfo, and be it further emfted, That where byreafon reafonable of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfl.n or Perfons, or Corporation Kjtpences of entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed under belaid b*	Authority of the faid recited Afts and this Aft, the Purchafe Money

Truftees.1	for the fame fhall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to

be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be fettled to the like Ufes in purfuance of the faid recited Afts and this Aft, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchafes from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of the laid recited Afts and this Aft, or fo much of fuch Expences as the

3	faid

48° GEORG It III. Cap. 10.	137

faid Court fhall deem reafonable, to be paid by the fa id Truflees or any Five or more of them out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the faid Afts and this Act, who fhall from Time to Tinie pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court fhall direct.

XXVIII.	And be it further enafted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures nireaiohs by this Act impofed, fhall be recovered, levied, paid, and applied in fuch

and the fame Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures impofed by the faid failures im-recited Afts are direfted to be recovered, levied, paid, and applied, hy jhi* except in fuch Cafes where the fame are by this ACt directed to be reco-vered, levied, paid, and applied in any other Manner.	applied.

XXIX.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nd Plaintiff or Tender of Plaintiffs fhall recover in any Action for any Irregularity, Trefpafs, or other bemade.may Proceeding under or by virtue of this Aft, if tender of fuch fufficient Amends

fhall be made by or on Behalf of the Party or Parties who fhall have committed or caufe to be committed any fuch Irregularity, Trefpafs, or wrongful Preceeding, before fuch Aftion brought; and in cafe no fuch Tender fhall have been made, it fhall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any fuch Aftion, by leave of the Court in which any fuch Aftion fhall depend, at any Time before iffue joined, to pay into Court fuch Sum of Money as he, (be, or they fhall think fit, whereupon fuch Proceedings or Order and Judgement fhall be had, made, and given in and by fuch Court as in other Aftions in which the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XXX.	And whereas Offences may be committed againft the faid Afts For (c uring

and this Aft by Perfons unknown to the Truflees, Collectors, Surveyors,	<)l"

or Officers appointed to put the faid Afts and this Aft in execution ; he it therefore enafted. That ‘it fhall be lawful for any of the faid Truflees, Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers refpeftively, and fuch other Perfon

or Perfons as he or they fhall call to his or their Affiflance, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Aft, to feize and detain any fuch unknown Perfon or Perfons who fhall commit any fuch Offence or Offences, and take him, her, or than before any Juffice of the Peace of the Connty or Place where the Offence or Offences fhall be committed; and fuch Jultice is hereby empowered and direftedto proceed immediately to the hearing and determining of the Complaint, or to oblige fuch Perfon or Perfons fo offending to give Security for his, her, or their Appearance at the next Petty Seffion to be holden within or for the County,

Place, or Diflrift in which fuch Offence or Offences fhall have been committed, to anfwer the faid Complaint; and the Juflices prefent at fuch Petty Seffion, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of the faid Complaint in a fum-mary Way, and upon Conviftion of the Offender or Offenders, either by the Juflice before whom he, (he, or they fhall be firfl taken, or by the Juflices at fuch Petty Seffions as aforefaid, it fhall be lawful for fuch Juflice or Juflices refpeftively to commit him, her, or them to the Gaol or Houfe of Correftion of the faid County or Place, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Fourteen Days, unlefs he, fhe, or they fhall fooner pay the refpeftive Penalties by him, her, or them incurred for fuch Offence or Offences, together with the Cofls and Expences attending the Con* viftion and Commitment.

[Lcr.	Per. J	M m

XXXI. And

Offenders

convt&ai.

Errm of Conviction.

Expenees of the Adt.

Eublick Act.

Commencement and Continuance •f the Act-

4J>#GEORGII III. Cap. 10.

XXXI.	And for the more eafy and fpeedy Conviction of Offenders againft this Act, be it further enacted. That every Juflice of the Peace before whom any Perfon or Perfons (hall be convicted of any Offence againft the faid recited Afls and this Act, lhall and may caufe the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effect (as the Cafe fhall require) ; viz.

‘ T) E it remembered, That on the	Day	of	in	the	Year

‘ of our Lord	A.B.	is convicted before me C. D. One

* of his Majelty’s Juflices of the Peace for the County of Jpec‘fpng ‘ the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where the fame was commit-‘ ted, and the Penalty orForfeiture, as the Cafe fhall require]. Given under ‘ my Hand and Seal the Day and Year full above mentioned.’

XXXII.	And be it further enacted. That all the Colls, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and palling this Act, together with lawful Interell for the fame, (hall be paid out of the Money collected and received, or to be collefted and received by virtue of the faid Acts or this Aft, in preference to all other Payments whatfoever.

XXXIII.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft fhall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Aft, and be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Jultices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

XXXIV.	And be it further enafted. That this Aft lhall commence upon the palling thereof, and lhall continue and be in force and be executed for and during the Refidue now to come and unexpired of the Terms granted and continued by the faid recited Afts, and from the Expiration thereof for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years; and from thence to the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moll Excellent Majeltv. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 11.

An Aft for completing the Improvement of the Port of Briftol.	[21 ft March 18c8.]

WHEREAS an Aft was parted in the Forty-third Year of the

Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Aft for improving 43 C. j.c. 140. and rendering more commodious the Port and Harbour of Briftol; whereby the Mayor, Burgefles, and Commonalty of the City of Briftol, and and their Succefibrs, the Mafter, Wardens, and Commonalty of the Society of Merchants of the faid City and their Succeflors, and the feveral Perfons fubferibing towards the Sum of Two hundred and fifty thoufand Pounds, therein named and deferibed, are incorporated by the Name and Style of ft he Briftol Dock Company, and are empowered and required to make and maintain, among certain other Works therein deferibed, a Canal or Entrance Bafon in Rownham Mead, in that Part of the Parilh of Clifton which lies in the City of Brijlol, fuch Entrance, Canal, or Bafon, to communicate, by fufficient Gates and Locks, with the Floating Harbour, and alfo with the Merchants Floating Dock; and by the faid Aft, in addition to the Sum of Two hundred and fifty thoufand Pounds, fubferibed or to be fubferibed as therein mentioned, the faid Brijlol Dock Company were empowered to borrow and take up at Intereft, on the Credit of the Rates and Duties thereby granted, a further Sum of Money not exceeding Fifty thoufand Pounds:

And by the faid Aft it is enafted, That in cafe the feveral Works thereby authorized fo be made, fhould not be completed and finilhed within Four Years next after the Works thereby authorized fhould have been begun, and Notice given in manner therein mentioned, then all and every the [Loi. Ss* Per.]	N n	Rates

142

Two Piert, a

Bridge, and a Road necef-fary to be executed.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. it.

Rates and Duties thereby impofed and made payable fhould ceafe, and be no longer paid or payable, until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after the Works thereby authorized to be made fhould have been completed and fini(hedr,and Notification m^de thereof in Manner therein mentioned : AruL^vhereas an Ad was palled ip the Fcrty-fixth Year of the Reign j^His prelent Majefty, intituled, An Aft to alter and. amend, an Aft, pafjei in the Forty-third Tear of the Reign of His prefent Majefly, intituled, ‘ An A ft for improving and rendering Viore commodious the Port and Harbour * c/iBr0ol, and for extending the Powers andPrsvifitns of the faid Aft ;* wht?eby.the laid Dock Company are authorized to varyjmd alter the Works by the before recited Ad direded to be made, in Manner therein fet forth, and to form, lay out, and maintain a Road for Horfes, Carts, Carriages, and Foot Paffengers, along a certain Canal or Feeder in the Parilhes of Saint George and Saint Philip and Jacob, in the County of Gloucejler, acrofs and over a Dam at Totterdown, and along the Side of the new intended Courfe of the River Avon: And the faid Dock Company being unable, on account of the faid Provifion contained in the faid Ad hereinbefore recited, for ceafing the Rates and Duties thereby impofed, to borrow the Sum of Fifty thoufand Pounds, they the faid Dock Company are by the faid Ad authorized to make additional Calls on the Proprietors of Stock or Shares in the faid Undertaking, fo as fuch Calls did not exceed in the Whole the Sum of One hundred and thirty-five Pounds upon each Share: And whereas it will be of great publick Utility that Two Piers and a Drawbridge or Swivel Bridge fhould be ereded and maintained acrofs the River Avon, oppofite to the lower End of Princes Street, in the Parifh of Saint Stephen, in the City of Brijlol, to that Part of the Parifh of Bedminfler which lies in the faid City of Brijlol, with a Road or Way from the faid Pier in the Parifh of Bedminfler, into the Road or Way adjoining to the faid intended Courfe of the River Avon; and that fuch Pier fhould be fo con-flruded, and furnifhed with fuch Gates, as to keep up the Water in the upper Part of the Floating Harbour to be made as direded by the faid recited Ads, when there fhall be Occafion to let off the Water from the lower Part of the faid Harbour; and alfo to keep in the Water in the lower Part of the faid Floating Harbour, when there fhall be Occafion to let the Water off from the upper Part thereof: And whereas the propofed Communicating Lock between the Entrance Bafon in Rownham Mead aforefaid and the Merchants Floating Dock, is unneceffary, and will be attended with Inconvenience to the faid Floating Dock: And whereas the feveral Works authorized and required by the faid recited Ads and this Ad cannot be proceeded with, and the feveral Powers and Provifions of the faid recited A6t and of this Ad put into complete Execution, for the Sum of Three hundred thoufand Pounds, originally propofed to have been raifed and borrowed for improving and rendering more commodious the faid Port and Harbour of Brijlol: And whereas the faid Brijlol Dock Company have, in order to proceed with the faid Works, procured a temporary Aid, and incurred Debts to a confiderable Amount; for the Re-payment of which it is neceffary to provide: And whereas the Works for improving the Harbour of Brijlol will be of great publick Utility ; and it is expedient that the Board of Directors of the faid Bristol Dock Company, fhould be enabled to raife a fuflkient Sum of Money for the Difcharge of the Debts they have incurred, and for completing the faid Works: And whereas to enable the Brijlol Dock Company to raile a fuflicient Sum of Money, and for other Purpofes, it will be neceffary and expedient to alter, amend, and enlarge j2	the

*43

486GE0RGII III. Cap. ii.

the Powers and Provifions of the faid recited Afts; Now therefore may it pleafe your Majefty, that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s tnoft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That for the better enabling the Direftors nominated for managing the Affairs and Bufinefs of the Brif- 4, g. 3. as tol Dock Company, to raife a further Sum of Money for carrying into Exc- loJ.he cution the Powers and Provifions of the faid recited Afts and of this Aft, tke Work* fo much of the fhid Aft firft herein-before recited as enafts, that in cafe the within a Works thereby required to be made fhall not be completed and fmifhed within Four Years next after the faid Works fhall haye been begun, and Notice given thereof in Manner therein mentioned, all and every the Rates and Duties thereby impofed and made payable fhall ceafe and be no longer payable, until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after the Works thereby authorized to be made fhould have been made, completed, and finifh-ed, and Notification made thereof in Manner therein mentioned, fhall be and the fame is hereby repealed ; and all and fingular the Rates and Duties payable under and by virtue of the faid recited Afts and of this Aft, on Shipping, Goods, and Merchandize, and on Houfes, and the Tolls, on the Road and Dams, fhall be from Time to Time payable in Manner direfted by the faid recited Afts and of this Aft, but fubjeft neverthelefs to the Claufes for ceaftng the fame herein-after contained.

II.	And be it further enafted. That it fhall and may be lawful for the Power to raife faid Direftors, or any Five or more of them, to raife in all or any, or fuch Monty.Um of the Ways or Means herein-after mentioned, as fhall from Time to Time

be determined on by any General Meeting of the faid Briftol Dock Company, to be held in Manner fpecified and direfted by the faid recitad Afts, fuch Sum or Sums of Money as fhall or may be neceflary for dif-chargmg all and every the Debt and Debts, Sum and Sums of Money due and owing by the faid Briftal Dock Company, or the Direftors nominated and appointed for managing and condufting the Affairs and Bufinefs of the faid Company, or any or either of them, on Behalf of the faid Dock Company, or for which they now do, or at any Time hereafter fhall or may lland engaged, and for carrying into Execution the Powers and Provifions of the faid recited Afts and of this Aft.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing in this Such further

Aft contained, fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend to enable the faid	to

Dock Company to raife any further or additional Sums of Money, than the ,g0)Co«l. Sum of One hundred and eighty thoufand Pounds, by Promiflory Notes

or Calls, as herein-after direfted.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall be lawful for the faid Direc- How Money tors or any Five or more of them, to raife any Part or Parts of the Money t0 be r*lfcd‘ neceflary for the Purpofes aforefaid by Loan, from the Proprietors of Shares

in the faid Undertaking, in cafe fuch Proprietors fhall be willing to fubferibe, t or if not from any Perfon or Perfons willing to advance the fame; and that fuch Loans fhall be fecured by the Promiflory Notes of the faid Company, figned by their Treafurer on their Behalf; in which Notes it fhall be ex-prefied that an Intereft after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per An-num, fhall be payable Half-yearly ; and that the Principal thereby fecured fhall be payable immediately on the Expiration of Six Calendar Months

\	next

r* 4*4

fr«vifion for Payment of Inrerolt on Voice.

HoMert of Hi tes may become Pro-prictore:

And becoming fo, ihall bt incorporated with the faid Company.

48* GEORG 11 III. Ctip.it*

next after Notice in Writing ihall have been left by the Holder of fuch Note at the Briftol Dock Office for the Payment thereof; and all and every fuch Promiffory Notes (hall be transferrable by Indorfement thereon.

V.	And be it further enacted. That the Intereft of the Money fo to be bor-fowed and fecured by Promiffory Notes, Ihall be paid Half-yearly to the feve-ral Perfons entitled thereto, in preference to any Intereft or Dividends due or payable by virtue of the faid recited Afts or of this Aft, to any Proprietor Or Proprietors of Shares or Stock in the faid Undertaking; and that all and fingular the Rates, Tolls, and Duties, authorized to be taken by the faid recited Afts and this Aft fhall be a Security for the due and punftual Payment thereof; and in cafe the faid Intereft, or any Part thereof, ihall be in arrear by the Space of Three Calendar Months after the fame ihall become due and payable, and after Demand made of fuch IntereftfromtheTrea-furer of the faid Company, or in cafe the Principal Monies fecured by the faid Notes, or either of them, ihall not be paid at the Expiration or Six Calendar Months after Notice requiring fuch Payment ihall have been left at the Brijlol Dock Office, then and in fuch Cafes the Treafurer or Treafurers of the faid Brijlol Dock Company ihall and may, and he and they is andare hereby authorized and required, by and out of all Rates, Dues and Duties, or by and out of any Sum and Sums of Money which may be received on the Credit of fuch Rates and Duties by any of the Means in the faid recited Afts or this Aft mentioned, which ihall come to his or their Hands fubfe-quent to fuch Demand of Intereft, or Notice to pay off the faid Principal Monies, to pay off and difeharge all Principal or Intereft, or both, as the Cafe may be, which ihall or may be due or owing to the Holder or Holders of fuch Note or Notes who ihall or may have demanded the Intereft, or given Notice for Payment ef the Principal Monies due on fuch Note or Notes; and in cafe more than one Holder of the Promiffory Notes of the faid Company ihall demand the Intereft due on fuch Notes, or give Notice for the Payment of the Principal Monies thereby fecured, then and in fuch Cafe fuch Holder or Holders of Notes ihall have Preference and Priority of Payment according to the Dates of their refpeftive Demands of Intereft, or Service of Notices for Payment of their Principal Monies.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That the refpeftive Holders of the faid Promiffory Notes ihall have and be entitled-to an Option, inftead of receiving back the Principal Monies thereby fecured, of being admitted to and becoming Proprietors of Stock in the faid Brijlol Dock Fund, at Par (that is to fay); of being admitted to and becoming Proprietors of One hundred Pounds Stock, for or in refpeft of every One hundred Pounds Principal Money fo fecured, in cafe fuch Holders refpeftively of the faid Notes ihall give to the Clerk or Clerks of the faid Brijlol Dock Company, or leave for them at the Briftol Dock Office within Three Years from the Date of fuch Notes refpeftively, and at lead Three Calendar Months previous to the Day or refpeftive Days on which fuch Holders (hall refpeftively defire to become Proprietors as aforeiaid, a Notice in Writing of fuch their Wiffi or Intention.

. VII. Andbeit further enafted,That allPerfons to whomany fuchNotes as aforefaid ihall be given, or who ihall from Time to Time be entitled thereto and to the Principal Money and Intereft thereby fecured, as Indorfees or otherwife, at or before the Expiration of the faid Term of Three Years, on

fuch

J45

48° GEORGII III. Cap. it,

fuch Option or Election being made, and Notice thereof fo given as aforefaid to become Proprietors of Stack in refpeft thereof, lhnli be admitted Proprietors in the faid Fund accordingly, and ihall be, and they are hereby declared to be Owners and Proprietors of fuch Stock as he, (lie, or they fhall or may by virtue of fuch Note or Notes and Election to be made as aforefaid become entitled to, and and fhall be and they are hereby united to and incorporated with tlje faid Company; and the feveral Powers, Directions, Forfeitures, Penalties, and Provifions contained in the faid recited Acts (i'ubjecc neverthelefs to the Provifions, Directions, and Regulations herein contained) Ihall extend to the Nature of the Property, Sale, and Difpofal of, and transferring of fuch Stock, in like Manner as if fucli Stock had been originally fubferibed for, and as if the Money to be fubferibed for by virtue of this Aft was Part of the Money authorized to be raifed by the faid Fir ft recited Act, and as if the faid feveral Powers, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, and other Provifions contained in the faid recited Acts or any of them, and not hereby abrogated or altered, were repeated or re-enacted in this Aft.

VIII.	And be it further enabled, That if the faid Brifto! Dock Company, at any Meeting to be held as aforefaid, Ihall deem it expedient and necelfary for the Benefit and Advantage of thefaid DockCompany, or if the faid Dock Company cannot procure the Whole or any Part of the Money necelfary for the Purpofes aforefaid, on fuch Promiffory Notes as aforefaid, then it fhall be lawful for thefaid Directors of the faid Company, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to raife fuch additional Sum or Sums of Money as fhall not have been fo borrowed, and as fhall or may be necelfary for difeharging all and every the Debt and Debts, Sum and Sums of Money due and owing by the faid Briftol Dock Company, or by the faid Directors, or any or either of them, on Behalf of the faid Company, or for which they now are, or fhall or mgy Hand engaged on any Part or Parts thereof; and for paying off any Promiffory Note or Promiffory Notes called in under the Powers and Provifions of this Aft, or any Part or Parts thereof, and for carrying into Execution the Powers and Provifions of the faid recited Acts and this Adt, by Calls on the Proprietor or Proprietors of Stock or Shares in the faid Undertaking, their Executors, Adminiftrators, or Afligns, according to the Amount of the Stock or Shares of fuch Perfons refpectively, fo that no One Call fhall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds for each One hundred Pounds Stock in the faid Undertaking ; and no Calls to that Amount to be made at lefs than Two Calendar Months from the preceding Call, which Money fo to be called fhall be paid to fuch Perfon or Perfons, and in fuch Manner, as the faid Directors mall appoint.

IX.	Frovided always, and be it further enacted. That if any Proprietor or Proprietors of Stock in the faid Undertaking fhall fubferibe or advance any Sum or Sums of Money upon any Promiffory Note or Promiffory Notes, that then and in fuch Cafe the Call or Calls from Time to Time made, in refpeft of the Shares or Stock held by fuch Perfon or Perfons, Ihall, to the Amount of the Promiffory Note or Promiffory Notes fo taken, and from Time to Time outftanding, be and continue refpited, and not be paid or payable for fuch Time, ana until a Notice or Notices for Repayment of the Money due on fuch Promiffory Note or Promiffory Notes, Ihall have been given in Manner hereinbefore directed j and that from and

[Lee. & Per.]	Oe	immediately

power to make Call*.

Calls for Money :efpited, in Cafes whc.e Proprietors (hall advance Money on PromifTory Notes.

14.6	48° GEORGII III. Cap,11.

immediately after fuch Notice or Notices {hall have been given as aforefaid, the Call or Calls fo refpited fhall become and be payable, and in cafe the fame fhall not be paid or difeharged within Three Calendar Months after fuch Notice lhallhavebeengiven to or left at the laft or ufual Place of Abode of the Perfon or Perfo'ns in whofe Names for the Time being the Stock in refpeft of which the Calls fhall have been fo refpited, fhall Hand, that then and in fuch Cafe all and every the Powers, Remedies, and Provilions of the faid recited Ads for recovering Calls, for forfeiting, felling, or difpofing of Stock in the faid Undertaking, upon which Calls fhall be unpaid, fhall be extended to the Stock on which fuch refpited Calls fhall have become payable, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

Regulations jn the Act of 46 G. v as to relinqui filing Shares, to extend to this Act,

X. And be it further enaded, That the feveral Regulations, Provifions, and Claufes contained in the faid recited Ads, allowing Proprietors to relin-quifh their Shares, upon giving Notice within 't hree Calendar Months after the paffing this Ad, for Sale of fuch Shares fo relinquifhed, for Recovery of Calls and Arrears, and for Forfeiture of Stock on Nonpayment of Calls, fiiall be and the fame are hereby extended to the Stock to be created, and the Calls to be made under and by virtue of this Ad, and that as fully as if fuch Claufes, Powers, and Provifions, were herein repeated.

Extending the Time for completing the Works.

If Works not completed within a limited Time, Rates by the faid Acts to ceafe.

At the expiration ot Three Months after the Works are finifhed, the Rates gran'ed by the former Acts to be again paid.

XI. And whereas the faid Diredors have, for the greater Accommodation of the Trade of the faid Port of Briflol, determined to wall the Entrance Bafons at Rownham Meads and at Trim Mills, and on account thereof, andoftheintendedEredionsof thePiersandBridge at Princes Street, and from certain Difficulties which have occurred and may occur in the Conflrudion of the Works, and from other Caufes it is expedient that the Time allowed to the faid Dock Company, for completing and finifhing the feveral Works authorized by the faid recited Ads and this Ad, fhall be extended ; be it therefore enaded, That in cafe all the feveral Works authorized to be made by the faid recited Ads and this Ad (fave and except the Towing Path authorized and required to be formed between Hanham Mills and the Engine Mill, the Alterations required to be made in the Lock at Hanham and the Works required to be executed for the Protedion of the Eftates of the Duchefs of Chandos and IVilliam Gore Langton Efquire,) fhall not be completed and finifhed, and the Completion thereof duly proved before the Juflices of the Peace in and for the City and County of Briflol in Quarter Seflions afiembled, and certified by Writing under the Hand of the proper Officer of the Court, and a Copy of fuch Certificate inferted in the London Gazette and Two or more of the Briflol Papers, on or before the Firft Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and nine, then and in fuch Cafe the Rates and Duties impofed by the faid recited Ads fhall ceafe and be no longer paid and payable, until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after the faid Works fhall have been fo completed and finifhed, and certified and advertifed as hereinbefore direded; and from and after the Expiration ofThree Calendar Months after the faid Work3 fhall have been completed and finifhed, certified and advertifed as aforefaid, all and fmgular the Rates and Duties impofed and made payable by the faid recited /ids, and not hereby altered, varied, or repealed, fhall recommence and be again paid and payable, until the fame fiiall be redeemed in Manner in the faid recited Ads and this Ad declared.

Direftors to divide Money among Stockholders.

XII. And be it further enaded, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Diredors, or any Five of them, and they are hereby required 9	to

147

4S6GEORGII III. Cap. it.

to divide all and every the Sum and Sums of Money from Time to Time divil'ablc among the Stock-holders in the laid Concern, under the Provi-fions of the faid recited Afts and this Aft, by Two Half-yearly Payments or Dividends; and that the faid Dircftors Ihall be at Liberty, in calculating the Firft Half-yearly Dividend, to retain fuch Part or Part1; of the Sum or Sums then in Hand as Ihall be from Time to Time deemed reafonable and proper, for the Purpofe of equalizing, as near as may be, fuch Half-yearly Payments or Dividends.

XIII.	And be it further enafted, That for the more fpeedy Difcharge of ^Smkmgj the Capital or Joint Stock of the faid Briftol Dock Company, or of any cieated for Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed by them for the Purpofes menti-

oned in the faid recited Afts and this Aft, there Ihall from and after the port.

Firft Day of May next after the Completion of the faid intended Works, and Commencement of the additional Rates herein after granted, be annually and every Year appropriated and paid over by the Direftors of the faid Briftol Dock Company, unto the Chamberlain for the Time being of the faid City of Briftol, the Treafurer for the Time being of the Society of Merchant Venturers of the faid City of Briftol, and the Treafurer for the Time being of the faid Dock Company, the Sum of Five hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, for forming an immediate Sinking Fund for the Difcharge of fuch Capital or Joint Stock of the faid Briftol Dock Company, and of fuch Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed by them as aforefaid.

XIV.	And it is hereby further enafted. That the Annual Surplus, Pro- Whenever the fits. Income, and Gain, which from Increafe of Trade or otherwife, fhall DockCom-1 C at any Time or Times hereafter be received by the Briftol Dock Company pany (hail be more than fufficient to pay the refpeftive Holders of Stock in the faid Con- p^ient'to cem a Dividend of Eight Pounds per Centum per Annum on fuch Stock, pay 81, per Ihall be by the faid Company annually paid over to the Chamberlain for ^u"thiT’tohbe the Time being of the City of Briftol, to the Treafurer for the Time being added to the of the Society of Merchant Venturers, and the Treafurer for the Time Sinking Fund, being of the Briftol Dock Company, in Addition to and Augmentation of

the Sinking Fund herein-before created, and to be applied in paying the Debts and extinguifliing the Stock of the faid Company.

XV.	And it is hereby further enafted, That the Chamberlain for the Truftees for Time being of the -City of Briftol, the Treafurer for the Time being of ^f^fund. the Society of Merchants, and the Treafurer for the Time being of the

Briftol Dock Company, Ihall be and they are hereby nominated and appointed Truftees of the faid Sinking Fund; and they are hereby required to pay, apply, and difpofe of the fame in Manner herein-after direfted, of and concerning the] fame; any Thing herein or in the faid recited Afts or either of them, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XVI.	And it is hereby further enafted, That it Ihall and may be lawful Applicatioa to and for the faid Truftees, and they are hereby required from Time to .ffut„!,Smk'nS Time to lay out and inveft the Sum and Sums of Money paid over to them

as aforefaid, in the Purchafe of Stock in the Funds of the Briftol Dock Company, at the 1 owe ft Price at which fuch Stock can be bought, whenever the fame Ihall be under Par, fo that One hundred Pounds Stock may be purchafedfor lels than One hundred Pounds Sterling, and thatfuch Stock

Ihall

148	48°GEORGII	III.	Cup.it.

(hall be veiled in the Names of the faid Trudees who (hall be entitled to and (hall receive Dividends in refpedt thereof in the fame Manner as other Holders of Stock in the faid Fund ; and fuch Dividends when fo received, (hall conditute and form Part of the faid Sinking Fund, and be applied therewith ; and when fuch Stock cannot be purchafed under Par as afore-faid, then thev the faid Truflees (hall and they are hereby required to lay out and invelt all Sum and Sums of Money paid over to them, and arifing from the faid aggregate Sinking Fund, in the Purchafe of Stock in the Pub-lick Funds or on Government Security; fuch Stock or Security neverthelefs to be from Time to Time faleable, and the Proceeds thereof, together with thelnterell and Dividends ariiing thereon, to be from Time to Time applied as herein directed touching the (aid finking Fund.

Provlfions in cafe the Stock lhall be at and above Far.

XVII.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe the Stock in the Briftol Dock Fund (hall be and continue at and above Par, then and in fuch Cafe the Sums forming the faid aggregate Sinking Fund, together with all Inte-reft and Dividends arifing therefrom, (hall be by the faid Truflees from Time to Time, as the fame (hall come into their Hands, invelled and continued in the Publick Funds, cr in other Government Securities, until the fame (hall have accumulated to the Amount of One-tenth Part of the Stock in the faid Dock Funds then remaining unpurchafed by the faid Trudees, valuing the fame at Par; and the faid Trultees (hall then certify the fame to the faid Dock Company at their next General Half-yearly Meeting, held under the Power and by the Direction of the faid Fird recited Act; and the faid Dock Company (hall, at the General Meeting at which luch Certificate (hall be read or received, appoint and fix a Time for the Re-purchafe or Difcharge at Par of Ten Pounds on each One hundred Pounds Stock, not then purchafed by the faid Truflees, at the Diftance of Three Calendar Months at the lead, and within Six Calendar Months at the mofl from fuch Meeting, which Time fo to be appointed as aforefaid for the Difcharge of the faid Stock, and the Place where the fame is to be paid and received, (hall be notified by Advertifement in the London Gazette, and in Two Briftol Papers at lead, and by Writing affixed on the Exchange and Council Houfe of the City of Briftol; and from and after the Time fixed as aforefaid for the Purchafe of the faid One-tenth Part of the Stock of the faid Company, the whole Dividends, Intereds, or Amount, that would have been payable Half-yearly on fuch Stock fo purchafed by the faid Trudees, if the fame had not been bought in, (hall be paid to the faid Truf-tees, and be by them applied in Aid of and to the Purpofes of the faid aggregate Sinking Fund, and fo from Time to Time and until the Whole of the Stock of the faid Company (hall have been re-purchafed, and become veded in the faid Trudees; and from and after the Time fo as aforefaid fixed and appointed for Payment and Difcharge of any One-tenth Part of each One hundred Pounds Stock, the Proprietors or Owners of fuch Stock (hall receive Dividends only on the Proportions thereof fo remaining from Time to Time not appointed to be difeharged.

An Account XVIII. And it is hereby further enafled. That the faid Trudees fhall of the sinking keep a correct Account of all and every Sum of Money received by them ru*d.	on Account of the faid aggregate Sinking Fund, of all Tranfactions in die

Publick Funds or other Publick Securities, and of the Dividends or Intered arifing therefrom, and of the Appropriation thereof in the Purchafe of Stock in the Dock Company’s Funds, fpecifying all the Particulars relative there-

149

Two I icrs and I raw-bridges to each, to be made

between the lower end of Prince's Street and Part of the Parifti of Bed mi nfter.

4S«GEORGII III. Cap. 11.

to, and of every other Tranfaftion, Receipt, and Charge, connected therewith ; and (hall, on the Firft Day of May in every Year, draw up a fair Statement thereof, Debtor and Creditor, (hewing the Balance then remaining in their Hands (if any) the Sums (landing in the Pubiick Funds, or in other Government Securities, in their Names, and the whole Amount of Stock in the Funds of the BriftolDock Company which has been purchafed, and is vefted in them in Trull as aforefaid, and deliver one Copy thereof authenticated by their refpedive Signatures to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the City of Briftol, one other Copy thereof to the Mailer, Wardens, and Commonalty of Merchant Venturers of the City of Briftol, and one other Copy thereof to the Directors for the Time being of the Briftol Dock Company j and that fuch Account (hall be annually inferted in the London Gazette and Two of the Brijlol Newfpapers.

XIX.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Briftol Dock Company, and they are hereby authorized, and required, by themfelves or their Deputies, Agents, Servants, and Workmen, to make, complete, and maintain Two Piers, with a Drawbridge or Swivel Badge therein, between the lower End of the Parilh of Saint Stephen in the faid City of Brijlol, and that Part of the Pari(h of Bedminjler which lies in the faid City of Brijlol, and a Road or Way from the faid Pier in the Parilh of Bedminjler, fuch Road not to exceed the Breadth of Forty Feet into the Road formed or intended to be formed by the faid Dock Company, along or by the Side of the faid new intended Courfe for the River Avon; fuch Piers to be furni(hed with Gates or other Contrivances for the Purpofes of keeping up the Water in the upper Part of the faid intended Floating Harbour when it may be neceffary for letting ofi' the Water from the lower Part thereof, and for retaining the Water in the lower Part of the faid Float when it may be neceffary to let off the Water from the upper Part thereof, but not otherwife, but fo neverthelefs that the Water in the faid Floating Harbour (hall be kept up in the Part thereof, from Time to Time, remaining afloat to the Level of the Sixteen-Feet Mark on the Gauge Poll at the Mouth of the River Frame, and not higher.

XX.	And whereas the Road or Way from the intended Pier or Bridge

in the Pari(h of Bedminjler into the faid Road adjoining the intended Courfe Fccrry, for the of the River Avon, will be laid out, formed, and made acrofs and over cer- PurP fe °f tain Lands and Hereditaments belonging to the Dean and Chapter of the ™fdairidg™. Cathedral Church of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Briftol, which are held under them by Sidcnham Teajl, of the City of Briftol, Shipwright, and acrofs and over the Land of Richard Sargent Fowler, of the City of Briftol Efquire: And whereas the faid Dean and Chapter are feifed of Two Ferries acrofs the River Avon, called the Gib Ferry and Trim Mill Ferry, which are all > held by the faid Sidcnham Teajl as their Leffee, and which Ferries will be injured, deftroyed, or rendered lefs valuable by the faid intended Piers and Bridge; now be it further enaded, That from and after the pafling of this Ad, all and every the Powers, Claufes, and Provifions of the faid recited Ads, for enabling the Diredors of the Brijlol Dock Company to purchafe fuch Part and Parts of the Houfcs, Buildings, Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, mentioned in certain Books of Reference in the faid Ad firft herein-before recited and referred to, as was or were neceffary for the Works therein fpecified, for enabling incapacitated Perfons to fell, for affefling the Value by a Jury in cafe the Parties refufe or are [Lor. fcf Per.~\	P	ft	unable

150	4&°GEORGII III. Cap., n.

t	unable	to	fell, to direct the Application of Purchafe Monies, and for* veiling

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, put-chafed by the laid Dock Company, in them and their Succeffors; and all other the Claufes and Provifions in the faid recited Aft, refpecting Purchafes and Compenfations, fliall be and the fame are hereby extended to the faid Fences of the faid Dean and Chapter, the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of the faid Dean and Chapter, and the Lands of the faid Richard Sargent Fowler, through, upon, orover winch the Road hereby authorized and required to be made, will be laid out and formed ; and that as fully and effedually as if fuch Claufes were herein repeated and re-enaded.

ToMHoufr;f.'1 XXI. And be it further enacted, That it (hall and may be lawful for and take Toils the Diredors of the faid Bri/iol Dock Company, and they are hereby *tc-	required to erect and build, or caufe to be ereded and built, on or adjoin-

ing the faid Piers or Bridge, a Toll Houfe, Bar or Gate, or Toll Iioufes, Bars or Gates, as lhall or may be neceffary ; and that it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Brijlol, and their Succeifors, and their Leffee or Leffees, or the Agents and Receivers of the faid Dean and Chapter, or their Letfees, from 1 ime to Time, and at all Times after the Completion of the faid intended Road, Piers and Bridge, to have, receive, and take fuch and the fame Rates and Tolls on Foot Paffengers, and for Trucks and Perfons wheeling the fame and palling the faid Bridge, as are now payable by Foot Paffengers and Perfons wheeling Trucks, and crofftng at the faid Ferry called the Gib Ferry; and that the faid Dean and Chapter and their Leffees, fliall have the like Powers and Authorities for enforcing Payment of the faid Foot and Truck Tolls, to be collected on the faid Bridge, as they now have for enforcing Payment of Tells at the faid Ferry called the Gib Ferry ; and that it fliall and may be lawful to and for the faid Brijlol Dock Company, and their Succeffors, to take and receive from Time to Time, and at all Times after the Completion of the faid intended Road, Piers and Bridge and until the fame fliall be redeemed in Manner directed in and by the faid recited Ads, fuch and the fame Rates and Tolls for Horfes, Carts, and Carriages, palling acrofs or over the laid intended Piers and Bridge, as are granted and made payable by the Powers, Claufes, and Provifions of the faid recited Ad of the Forty-fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majcfty, upon and for Horfes, Carts, and Carriages palling through the Turnpike or Toll Gates to be ereded on the Road laid out under the Provifions thereof; and that all and every the Powers, Claules, and Provifions of the laft mentioned Ad, for diffraining in cafe of Non-payment of fuch Tolls, and all other the Claufes Powers, and Provifions therein contained refpeding fuch Tolls, and all Penalties, and Punnhments on Perfons evading fuch Tolls, fliall be, and the fame are hereby extended to the Toll Gates or Bars to be ereded as aforefaid, and the Tolls and Duties hereby made payable to the faid Briftol Dock Company, and that as fully and effedually as if the fame were herein repeated and re-enaded, in relped of the faid Tolls and Rates hereby made payable to the faid Dock Company.

Veltinff fuch Piers and Bridge, in the Deck Company.

XXlI.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Piers and Bridge, and alfo the faid intended Road, fliall be and the fame hereby is and are veiled in the faid Bri/lol Dock Company and their Succeffors; and the faid 9	Brijlol

4B° GEORGII III. Cap. II.	151

brijlol Dock Company and their Succelfors are hereby required, from Time to Time to repair, amend, fuftain, maintain, and keep the faid Road Piers’ and Bridge, in, by, arid with all and ail Manner of needful and neceffary Reparations and Amendments whatsoever.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe the faid Piers and Piers and

Bridge (hall be at any Time or Times hereafter, from Accident or Decay,	be

fo much injured or damaged that the Palfage thereof fhall be dangerous or p;,|r by the impracticable, then and in all fuch Cafes it fhall and may be lawful to and Dock Com* for the faid Dock Company and they are hereby directed, as often as Oc- pany' cafion fhall require, to provide a convenient and proper Foot and Carriage

Ferry acrofs the faid River as near as conveniently may be to the faid Bridge or Piers; and to collect and take for palling over at the faid Ferry fuch Rates and Duties, Rate and Duty, as is and are hereby directed to be paid for palling over the faid Bridge ; but the faid Dock Company, and the Lelfees or Lelfee for the Time being of the Tolls upon Horfes and Carriages, are and is to be accountable to the faid Sidenbam Tcaft, or to the Leflees or Lelfee for the Time being of the Tolls payable by Foot PalTengers, and for Trucks and Wheels drawn by any Perfon or Perfons, for all fuch Tolls as fhall be collected and taken by them for and in ref-peCt of fuch Foot PalTengers, Trucks and Wheels, as aforefaid.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That it fhall and may be lawful to Power to re-and for the faid Dean and Chapter, and their Succelfors, or their Lelfee

or Lelfees, with their Confent under their Common and Chapter Seal, with the to remove the Ferry called Rownham Ferry, to any other Part of the faid	P

River Avon, within One hundred Yards of the prefent Ferry or Slips, chapter, and to form any Slip or Slips or Landing Places on the Towing Paths of the faid Brijlol Dock Company, and again to remove back fuch Ferry at their Defcretion, but with fuch Confent as aforefaid ; and fuch Ferry lhall, notwithftanding any fuch Removal or Alteration, be deemed and confi-dered as an ancient and immemorial Ferry, and be entitled to all and Angular the Rights, Privileges, and Advantages, attached to the faid Ferry called Rownham Ferry, before fuch Removal or Alteration as aforefaid.

XXV.	And be it further enacted, That in cafe the Brijlol Dock Com- Towing Path

pany lhall make, form, or lay out a Towing Path in Canons Marjh, in	be

the Parifh of Saint Augujlinethe Lefs, in the City of Brijlol, on Land be- ifacertain longing alfo to the faid Dean and Chapter, now in Polfelhon of the faid BrcaiUh' Sidenbam Teaft as their Lelfee, that fuch Towing Path lhall not exceed

Six Yards in Breadth, to be meafured from High Water Mark, and to commence to or from the Stile or Gate now Handing and being at the Well End of Canons Marjh aforefaid, and extend to the Corner of a Yard in the Occupation of Jojeph Manjield, Boat Builder, on the Fall End thereof; and that the Compenfation for the Ufe of fuch Towing Path lhall be fettled, afcertained, and determined, in Manner fpecified in and by the faid Afts and this Aft.

XXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing in Prcferving the the faid recited Afts or in this prefent Aft contained, lhall extend or be conltrued to extend to authorize the faid Dock Company to ufe the faid to the Dean Ground for any other Ufe than as a Towing Path, nor to hinder, prevent, “^eptTtoa

or I owing Path.

152	4&* G E O R G11 m. Qap.1t.

or redrain the faid Dean and Chapter, their Succeflors, Leflees, and Afligns, from making, building or maintaining in or upon Canons Matjh aforefaid, any Dock or Docks, Wharf or Wharfs, Yard or Yards, Buildings, or other Improvements which they the faid Dean and Chapter, their Succeflors, Leflees, or Afligns, now are or at any Time or Times hereafter may be enabled legally to make, build, and maintain, or from forming or making any Cut or Cuts, Canal or Canals, through fuch intended Towing Path, and through any Part of Canons Marjh aforefaid, into any fuch Docks, Yards, Wharfs, or other Improvements, in which cafe alio the laid Dock Company, for fo long as they fliall have the Ufe of fuch Towing Path, fliall make, maintain, and repair the necefiiiry Draw-bridgesorSwivel Bridges for the Purpofe of continuing the faid Towing Path at their own Expence, nor to hinder or prevent the faid Dean and Chapter, their Succeflors, Leffees, or Afligns, from ufmg any Part of the Water of the Floating Harbour for any Docks, Cuts, or Canals, to be made as aforefaid; and that it fliall and may be lawful to and for the faid Dean and Chapter, and their Succeflors, Leflees, and Afligns, to open the faid Drawbridges or Swivel Bridges from Time to Time, and whenever neceff-ary, for ufing and enjoying the faid Docks, Cuts, Canals, Wharfs, Yards, Buildings, or Improvements.

XXVII.	And whereas the faid Dock Company have Power and Authority under the Proviiions of the faid firlt recited Ad, to make and ered fuch and fo many Mill or Mills at Rownbam Mead, in that Part of the Parifh of Clifton which lies in the City of Briflol, as they fhould fee fit; now it is hereby further enacted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Brijlcl Dock Company to ere ft and make any Mill or Mills between the new Courfe of the River Avon and the old Courfe thereof, fo that the fame be at leaf! Five hundred Yards below the Confluence of the Rivers Avon and Froome, and to make ufe of and employ, or grant Power and Authority to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever to ufe and employ any Part of the Wafte Water of the faid Floating Harbour for fuch Mill or Mills, upon fuch Terms, and under fuch Refli ictions, as the faid Diredors fee fit and necefliiry; referring neverthelcfs, on fuch Grants, the entire Controul of the Water of the faid Floating Harbour, whenever neceflary, tofeour the Harbour, and for other Purpol'es : Provided alfo, that nothing herein contained fliall extend, or be conflrued to extend, to authorize the faid Dock Company to keep in their own Pofleflion, or work on their own Account, any of the faid Mills which fhall be ereded and built under the Authority of this Aft.

XXVIII.	Andbeit further enacted, That if any Perfon orFeifons, Body xiven toLan.l- or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who (hall or may require the their Rights fjMd Dock Company to purchafe or make Compenfaiion for any Docks, before a jury Mills, Houfes, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, rendered uielefs, in-Afllze*^6' °f jured, or made lefs valuable, by the feveral Works and Improvements authorized to be made by the faid recited Ads, and this prefeut Ad, fliall not agree in Manner in the faid recited Ads mentioned, touching fuch Purchafe or Compenfation; or if, on Account of Ahfence or Difability of

.	fuch Parties, or other Circumlluuces, fuch Agreement fliall be impracti-

cable ; then and in fuch Cafe fuch Difpuie, Requifition, or Claim, (hall lie fettled and adjulled, cither by a Jury to be impannelled or fum-moned before the juflices in Quarter Seflions, where fuch Property was lituate, before the pafling of the faid firft mentioned Ad, in Manner in and

Power given to erect Mills between the ne« and old Courfe of the River Avon.

48" GEORGII III. Cap. 11.

by the faid Aft authorized and direfted; or if the Owners or other Perfons interefted therein (hall make their Option, and determine to have the fame fettled and determined and adjudged before a Judge or Judges of Aflize appointed for the County of Somerfet, the County of Gloucejler, or for the City and Comity of Brijiol, at fome Aflizes to be there held, and of fuch Determination fhall give Notice in Writing to the Direftorsof the faid Company within One Calendar Month after Tender or Notice from the faid Dock Company to fuch Party or Parties, of the Amount they are willing to give for fuch Purchafe or Compenfation, and in cafe no fuch Tender {hall be made, then within Three Calendar Months after Notice, and within Two Years after any Injury fultained, then and in fuch Cafe fuch Difpute, Requifttion, or Claim, {hall accordingly be fettled, determined, and ad-jufted by a Jury to be impannelled, fummoned, and fworn, before ajudge of AlTize for the Counties of Somerfet or Gloucejler, or for the City and County of Brifol. at fome Aflizes to be there held, in fuch and the fame Manner as in and by the faid laft mentioned Aft is direfted touching the fummoning, impannelling, and fwearing of Juries before the Juftices o{ Quarter Seflions, to affefs the Amount of Monies to be paid for the Purchafe of Houfes, Buildings, Lands, and Preinifes, for making the faid Works and Improvements thereby direfted.

J5J

XXIX.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That if the Owner and to call for or Perfon interefted in fuch Hereditaments and Premifes, or the faid Direc- sSt,ecidl Jury-tors, fhall be defirous that fuch Difpute, Requifttion, or Claim as aforefaid,

{hall be fettled, determined, and adjufted by a Special Jury, then and in fuch Cafe the fame {hall be determined, adjufted, and fettled by a Special jury accordingly, to be chofen, ftruck, fummoned, impannelled, and fworn before the Juftices in Quarter Seflions, or before the Judge of Aflize before whom the faid Queftion fliall be heard [as the Cafe may be] in fuch and the fame Manner as Special Juries are by Law chofen and ftruck for Trial of Civil Suits, and to be fummoned, impannelled, and fworn in fuch and the like Manner as by the faid Aft of the Forty-third of His prefent Majefty is direfted, touching the fummoning, impannelling, and fwearing of Juries, to affefs the Amount of Monies to be paid for the Purchafe of Houfes,Buildings,

Lands, and Premifes, for the making the Works thereby direfted to be made, or as near thereto as the different Natures of a Special Jury and a Common Jury will admit: And it is hereby declared, That the faid Juftices or Judge of the Aflize [as the Cafe may be] {hall have fuch and the fame Powers over the Jury and Perfons fummoned as are by the faid Aft of the Forty-third Year of His prefent Majefty given over the Juries and Perfons thereby authorized to be impannelled, fummoned, and fworn, or as are by Law veiled in any Juftice of the Peace or Judge of Aflize, in any relation to Jurors or Perfons fummoned and appearing before them refpeftivelv, on the Trial of Civil Suits.

XXX.	And be it further enafted. That fo much of the faid firft-recited Part of the Aft as direfts and requires the faid Company to make, complete, and main- ^ct/,'Vq'ial-tain a communicating Lock and Gates between the faid Canal or Entrance ed.

Bafon in Rownbam Meads and the Merchants Floating Dock, {hall be and the fame hereby is repealed.

[Lot. b5 Pcr.~\



XXXI. And

J54

The Dock Company to lower the 1 ock into the Merchant* Floating Deck.

A eertain Wharf or Qiiay to be confidered as Part of the Floating Dock.

For more effectually enabling the Society of Merchants to rewire Rates,

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 11.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, That it (ball be lawful for the faid Brijlol Dock Company, and they are hereby authorized and required, by themfelves, their Deputies, Agents, Workmen, and Servants, to lower the prefent Entrance Lock into the Floating Dock, in fuch Manner and to fuch Depth as the Mafter, Wardens, and Commonalty of Merchant Venturers of the faid City of Brijlol (hall require, fo as not to give lefs than Fifteen Feet and Six Inches Water at the lead, on the Sill of the faid Lock ; and alfo to make, complete, and maintain, between the Entrance Bafon in Rawnbam Mead and the faid Floating Dock, good and fufficient Culverts and Pipes for draining and again filling the laid Dock; and alfo to make, complete, and maintain, at the Eaftward End of the faid Entrance Bafon, and near adjoining the faid Floating Dock, a good and fufficient Wharf or Quay of the Length of One hundred Yards.

XXXII.	And be it further enacted. That fuch Wharf or Quay (ball be deemed in every refpect as Part of the Merchants Floating Dock, and (hall be fubjeft to the Controul and Management of the Floating Dock Mafter for the Time being; and that any Ship or Veil'd, Ships or Veffels, which under and by virtue of an Aft paffed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An -Aft to remove the Danger of Fire among Ships in the Port of Briftol, by preventing the landing certain Commodities on the prefent Quays, and for providing a convenient Quay and proper Place for landing and Jloring thefame; and for regulating the faid Quay, and the Lighters, Boats, and other Veffels carrying Goods for Hire, within the faid Port of Briftol, and for other Purpofes therein mentioned, are obliged to difeharge their Cargoes, or Part thereof, at the faid Floating Dock, (hall and may, if the Mafter or Commander, Mafters or Commanders of fuch Ship or Veffel, Ships or Veffels, (hall be thereunto required by the Mafter for the Time being of the faid Floating Dock, difeharge their Cargoes, or fuch Part thereof as the faid Dock Mafter (hall direct, at the faid intended Wharf or Quay to be formed and laid out by the faid Dock Company, at the Eaftward End of the faid Entrance Bafon in Rownbam Mead; and all and every the Dues and Duties made payable by the faid laft mentioned Aft, and all and fingular the Powers, Provifoes, Claufes, and Conditions therein contained, (hall be paid and payable, and have full force and effect in every Cafe refpefting the faid Wharf or Quay to be made as aforefaid, and refpefting Ships and Veffels, and the Cargoes, or the Parts thereof, difeharged at fuch Wharf, in fuch and the fame manner, and fo fully and effectually in all Refpefts, and to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, as if fuch Wharf or Quay was Part of the faid Merchants Floating Dock, or had been originally comprized in the faid Aft of the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His prefent. Majefty, or as if all and every the Claufes, Powers, Provifions, and Provifoes, Penalties, Matters and Things contained in the faid Aft were herein repeated and re-enafted, as to, for, and concerning the faid intended Wharf or Quay, and Veffels or Cargoes difeharged or to be difeharged thereat.

XXXIII.	And be it further enafted, That for the better enabling the Mafter, Wardens, and Commonalty of Merchant Venturers of the faid City of Brijlol, to have and receive the feveral Rates and Duties impofed and made payable by the faid Aft of the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty herein mentioned, all and fingular the Ship and Ships

5	which.

*55

48® GEORGII III. Cap. 11.

which, under and by virtue of the faid laft mentioned Aft, are obliged to difcharge their Cargoes or Part thereof at the Merchants Floating Dock, and alfo the Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes comprized in fuch Cargoes refpeftively, (hall be and the fame are hereby declared to be fubjeft and liable to the Rates and Duties payable for or in refpeft of fuch Ships, Goods, Wares or Merchandizes refpeftively; and in cafe the Rates and Duties payable for or in refpeft of fuch Ships. Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes re-fpectively, (hall not be paid or difcharged within Twenty Days next after a Demand in Writing, figned by the Dock Mafter for the Time being of the faid Floating Dock, (hall have been made on the Owner or Owners, Con-fignee or Confignees of fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandizes refpeftively, that then and in fuch Cafe it (hall be lawful to and for the faid Mailer, Wardens, and Commonalty of the faid Society of Merchants, and their Succef-fors, and they are hereby authorized, to advertife fuch Ship or Ships, Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes refpeftively, for or in refpeft of which the Rates and Duties (hall be in arrear and unpaid, for Sale by Auftion, at a Time and Place to be fpeciiied in fuch Advertifement, fuch Time not to be lefs than Fourteen Days from the Infertion of the lad of the faid Advertife-ments in the Bristol Papers, and at the Time and Place to be Ipecified as aforefaid, unlefs the Rates and Duties due in refpeft thereof, together with all Cods incurred by the Proceeding of fuch Sale, (hall have been in the mean Time paid off and difcharged, to fell and difpofe of fuch Ship or Veffel, Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes fo as aforefaid advertifed to be fold, and to have, receive, and cake the Purchafe Money payable in refpeft thereof; and the faid Mader, Wardens, and Commonalty, are hereby required, after paying and difcharging all Rates and Duties due in refpeft of the Ship or Ships, Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes refpeftively, to pay over the Surplus of fuch Purchafe Money (if any) to the Owner or Owners, Confignee or Confignees of the faid Ship or Veffel, Ships or Veffels, Goods, Wares and Merchandizes refpeftively, or fuch other Perl’on or Perfons as (hall or may be entitled to have and receive the fame.

XXXIV.	And be it further enafted, That the Annual Account required in the faid fird recited Aft to be publffhed by the faid Dock Company, (hall be made up Annually to the Firft Day of May, and be publilhed on or before the Fird Day of July in each Year; and (hall fpecify, under dif-tinft Heads or Items of Account, the Amount of all Sums received on account of each of the feveral Rates and Duties impofed by the faid recited Afts and this Aft, and all other the Receipts, Profits, and Gains, received or become due to the faid Dock Company, fince the preceding Account, and of all Intered or Dividends paid or become payable to the Proprietors of Stock in the faid Concern, for the Management and Superintendence of the faid Floating Harbour, for repairing and maintaining the faid Works, and of all other Particulars neceffary for fully and clearly ascertaining the precife Balance or Surplus (if any) according to the true Intent and Meaning of the faid recited Afts and of this Aft; and that Copies of the faid Annual Accounts, figned by Five or more of theDireftors of the faid Dock Company, (hall be annually delivered to the Chamberlain of the faid City of Bristol and Treafurer ol the faid Society of Merchants, for the Time being; and that fuch Accounts, when fo delivered to the faid Chamberlain and Treafurer of the faid Society of Merchants, (hall be by them refpeftively entered in a Book to be for that Purpofe kept; and that the Account fo entered and figned by the faid Chamberlain, or the Treafurer

Particular! to be Ipecified in the laid Dock Com. pany's Annual Account.

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. it.

rcr of the Society of Merchants for the Time being, fhall, in cafe of the Lofs or miflaying of the Original, be as valid and of as full Force and Effect, in every RefpcCL as fuch original Account might.or could have been in cafe the fame were not lo loft or miilaid.

XXXV.	And it is hereby further enacted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Directors of the faid Brijlo! Dock Company, in order to enable the faid Dock Company the better to proceed with the faid Works and Improvements, to borrow and take up at Intereft any Sum or Sums of Money, which any Perfon or Perfons lhail or may be willing to advance and.lend, not exceeding the Sum of fifty thoufand Pounds, on Security of the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, Materials, and Eilefls, belonging to the faid Dock Company; and to enter into, make, and execute any Security or Securities, Morrgage or Mortgages of fuch Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels and Materials; and all fuch Security or Securities, Mortgage or Mortgages, fhall be and the fame are hereby declared to be good, valid, and effectual, to ail Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

XXXVI.	And whereas it is expedient for fettling all Differences which have arifen with refpecl thereto, and for the full Completion and perfecting of all and Angular the Works authorized and directed by the faid recited Acts and this A&, that an addi ional Income fhall be granted to the faid Dock Company, by an Increafe of and additional Rates and Duties to be levied within the City and Port of Briftol; be it therefore enabled, That from and after all the feveral Works required by the faid recited Acts and this Acf (fave and except the Towing-Path authorized and required to be formed between Hanham Mills and the Engine Mills, the Alteration required to be made in the Locks at Hanham, and the Works required to be executed for the Protection of the Eftates of the Duchefs of Chandos and William Gore Langton Efquire,) fhall be completed and finifhed, and fuch Completion fhall have been proved as aforelaid, and fhall have been certified by the proper Officer of the Court of Quarter beflions in and for the faid City of Briftol and County of the fame City ; and fuch Certificate fhall have been inferted in the London Gazette and Two Briftol Newlpapers, in Manner herein-before particularly mentioned, on or before the Firlt Day of May One thoufand tight hundred and nine, and in cale the fame fhall not be fo completed, and certified and advertifed on or before the faid i irft Dajr of May One thoufand eight hundred and nine, (lien from and after the Expiration of 1 hree Calendar Months after the faid Works fhall have been completed and finifhtd, and certified and advertifed as aforefaid, there fhall be paid and payable to the laid Dock Company, or their Collectors or Deputies, for their Ufe, for the feveral Ships and Vefi'els entering into the faid Port of Briftol from the Places and Parts after-mentioned (except Barges or other Velfels palling or going to or from the Bath River Navigation, or Kcr.nct and Avon Canal, or reffiipping or difebarging their Cargoes to be again laden, and pafs or go up the faid Navigation or Canal or any Part thereof, and not difeharging for Safe any Part of their Cargoes at the Quays of Briftol') by the Maftcr or Commander, Owner or Owners of fuch Ship or other Veffel, in lieu of the feveral Rates and Duties impofed and made payable b\ the faid recited Acts, the feveral

Rates

157

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 11.

Rates and Dudes, according to the Regifter Tonnage of the faid Ship or VeffeJ, herein-after particularly defcribed (that is to fay).

For every Trow or other Veffel from Cardiff, Newport, or any other Port to the Eaftward of the Holmes (except as aforefaid) under Forty Tons Burthen, Seven Shilling;* and Sixpence each per Voyage:

For every fuch Trow or other Veffel (except as aforefaid) of Forty Tons Burthen and under Seventy-five Tons, Twelve Shillings and Sixpence /ach per Voyage:

For every fuch Trow or Veffel of Seventy-five Tons, and under One hundred Tons Burthen, and (except as aforefaid) Sixteen Shillings each per Voyage: And,

For every fuch Trow or other Veffel from any Port to the Eaftward of the Holmes, and (except as aforefaid) of One hundred Tons Burthen or upwards, One Pound and One Shilling each per Voyage:

Which Rates and Duties fhall be and are hereby veiled in the faid Company as their own proper Monies, to and for their own Ufe and Behoof, to be by them applied for the Purpofes of this and the faid recited Ads.

XXXVII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to the altering or varying of any Rales or Duties impofed by the faid Ad of the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefiy hereinbefore recited, on Ships or Veffels from Cardiff, Newport, or any other Port to the Eaftward of the Holmes, being Market Boats or being Veffels, One-Third Part of the Lading of which fhall confift of Coal, Scruff, Iron, Tin, Tin-plates, Grain, Copper, Bricks, Stone, Coal, 'far, Slate, Bark, Timber, or Wood, the Rates and Duties on which Veffels are intended to and it is hereby declared fhall be and remain as fixed and appointed in and by the faid recited Ad.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enaded,That from and after fuch Completion of the faid intended Works as aforefaid, and the Completion thereof fhall have been fo allowed and certified, by the Magiftrates in Quarter Seffions, and advertifed as aforefaid, in cafe the fame fhall be fo completed, certified, and advertifed, on or by the faid Firft Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and nine, and in cafe the fame fhall not be then fo compleated, certified, and advertifed, then from and after the Ex-, piration of Three Calendar Months after the faid Works fhall have been fo completed, and finifhed, and certified and advertifed as hereinbefore directed, there fhall be paid and payable to the faid Company, or their Collectors or Deputies, for their Ufe (in lieu of the Rates on Merchandize impofed by the faid firft recited AC!) for all Goods, Wares, or Merchandises imported from Parts beyond the Seas and not brought by Inland Navigation into the Port of Brijlol (except Corn, Flour, Rice, and other Articles ofProvifion), and alfo for all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, that fhall be brought Coaflwife into the faid Port, of Foreign Growth or Importation, but not of Britijb Growth or Manufacture, (except from Cardiff, Newport, and other Ports to the Eaftward of the Holmes, and except Corn, Flour, Rice, and other Articles of Provifion, and except Foreign Goods brought Coaflwife, which fhall not be difeharged for Sale

[Lee. is1 Ptr.~\	Rr	at

Rates.

Rates vefUd in the Company.

This Act not to alter the Rates impofed by 43 G. 3. on ships irom Cardiff, &c-

Rites on Goods imported according to a Schedule hereunto

annexed.

i58

Declaring by whom the Rates on F-reign Growth are t. be paid-

Court of General Sellions to re called on

Emergencies.

48s GEORGII III. Cap. t r.

at the Quays, but paffing or going to or from the Bath River Navigation or Kennst and Avon Canal or any Part thereof) by the Owner or Owners Confignee or Confignees, of fuch Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, or other Commodities, thefeveral Rates and Duties particularly rated, fpeci-fied, and fet forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed, as far as fuch Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, are therein particularized; and that all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, imported from Parts beyond the Seas into the Port of Brijlol, and alfo all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, that fhali be brought Coaftwife into the faid Port, of Foreign Growth or Importation, but not of Britijh Growth or Manufacture ("and except as aforefaid) not particularized in the faid Schedule of Rates, fhali be charged and chargeable with and lhall pay a Rate or Duty on being imported into the faid Port of Brijlol, equal to the Rate and Duty rated or aflixed on Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes of a fimilar Nature, Package and Quality, in and by the faid Schedule of Rates.

XXXIX.	And be it further enafted, That the Rates on Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, of Foreign Growth and Importation, brought Coaftwife into the Port of Bri/lol (except as aforefaid) fhali be paid by the Mafter ' or Commander, Mafters or Commanders of the Ship or Velfel bringing the fame, according to the Entry in the Cocket of fuch Ship or VefTel; and that all and every the Rate and Rates fo paid on fuch Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, fhali be added to and recoverable with the Freight or Freights, from Time to Time payable on fuch Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes refpeftively ; and in cafe the Owner or Owners, Confignee or Confignees of fuch Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, fhali negleft or refufe to pay and difeharge fuch Kates, upon Demand thereof made, that then and in fuch Cafe it fhali and may be lawful to and for the Party or Parties, who fhali have paid fuch Rates, to detain the Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, for which fuch Rate or Rates fhali have been paid as aforefaid, until the fame, and the Cofts, Charges, and Expences of fuch Detention fhali have been paid and difeharged ; or otherwife. at his or their Difcretion to bring any Aftion or Aftions for the Recovery of fuch Rates as for Money paid and advanced to the Ul'e of fuch Owner or Owners, Confignee or Confignees.

XL. And whereas confiderable Time may intervene between the Completion of the feveral Works required to be done by the Bri/lol Dock Company under the faid recited Acts and this Aft, and ihe next General Quarter SefTions of the Peace, or an Adjournment thereof being holden in and for the City and County of the City of Brijlol; it is hereby further enafted, That it fhali and may be lawful for theMayor and any Two Aider-men, or any Three Aldermen, whereof Two of the Five Senior Aldermen to be Two, of the faid City of Brijlol, and he and they is and are hereby required, upon Application to him or them made by or onBehalfof the Brijlol Dock Company, to affemble a Court of General Seffions in the G uildhall of the faid City of Brijlol, or wherever the General Quarter Seffions fhali be then held, One Week’s Notice having been previoully given by Writing under the Hands and Seals of fuch Juftices, expreffing theBufinefs of fuch Seffions, which Notice fhali be affixed at the Council Houle of the faid City, for the Purpofe of enquiring into and certifying the Matters referred to that Court in and by the laid recited Afts and this Aft.

5

XLI. And

4-S® GEORGII III. Caf.11.	J5c

XLI. And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and Power to for the Direftors of the faid Dock Company, by and with the Confent and lc‘en Ratc>' Approbation of the Juftices of the Peace in and for the City of Brijlol and County of the fame City, in Seflions a (Tern bled, to be teftified by an Order of the faid Seflions, to Ieffen any or either of the faid Rates and Duties payable for or chargeable on any Article or Articles imported into the faid Port of Bristol, and again to alter and increafe the Rate or Rates on fuch Article or Articles; fo neverthelefs that the fame fhall not in any Cafe exceed the Rate or Rates on fuch refpeftive Articles hereby or by the faid recited Afts made payable.

XLII. And be it further enafted, That all and every the Claufes, Pow- cianfes re-ers, and Provifions, relative to the Determination of Difputes, the Manner	t^if'

«f recovering, and all other the Claufes refpefting the Rates or Duties im- Conner Arts pofed and made payable by the faid Aft herein-before firft recited, fhall be c*“”ded to in full Force and Effeft refpefting the Rates and Duties hereby iropofed, 1 ls Au and that as fully and effeftually as if fuch Claufes were herein repeated and re-enafted.

XLIII. And be it further enafted, That nothing herein contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to difeharge the Dock Company from butchefs of making or completing the feveral Works authorized and required by the chandosand faid recited Afts, or either of them, to be made and executed for proteft- ton". Eft**”8" ing the Eftates of the Dutchefs of Chandos and William Gore Langton,

Efquire.

XLIV. And be it further enafted. That all and every the Powers and Powers of the Provifions, Penalties and Claufes, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things con-tained in the faid recited Afts or either of them, applicable to this Aft, this, etc. except fuch Part or Parts thereof as is or are hereby altered, varied, or repealed, fhall, from the palling of this Aft, extend to and be executed as well for the Intents and Purpofes of the faid recited Afts and of this pre-fent Aft, and that as fully and effeftually as if fuch Claufes, Powers, Provifions, Matters and Things were repeated and again enafted in the Body of this Aft.

XLV. And be it further enafted, That all Charges and Expences inci- Expenses of dent to the obtaining or pafling of this Aft, fhall be paid out of the Monies th?Act t0 be received by the Bristol Dock Company, in preference to all other Payments pa' whatfoever.

LXVI. And be it further enafted, That this Aft fhall be deemed and Act declared taken as a Publick Aft, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by a rubl,tk Act. all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

j.

I

SCHEDULE

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. i r

SCHEDULE

Of RATES and DUTIES on Goods and Merchandize imported into the Port of Briftol, impofed by the foregoing Ad.

ANCHOVIES	per ioo lbs.		£•  O	s.  I	d.  o
Almonds	per cwt.	.	0	o	6
Argol	per cwt.	-	o	o	I
Annatto ...	per cwt.	.	o	I	©
Annifeeds	per cwt.	•	o	o	2
Bridles ...	per dozen lbs.	.	o	o	°i
Burr Stones	per ioo		o	o	3
Barrilla ...	per ton		0	I	6
Brimdone ...	per ton		o	I	6
Cyder ...	per tun		o	I	o
Carraway Seeds	per cwt.		o	0	2
Coriander Seeds	per cwt.		0	o	2
Clover Seed y -	per cwt.		o	0	3
Cochineal.	per too lbs.		0	5	o
Capers	per too lbs.		o	I	o
Calves Velves	per cwt.		o	o	6
Cod Fifh	per ton		o	1	0
Copper ...	per cwt.		o	o	3
Copper Ore	per ton		0	o	8
Cork	per cwt.		o	o	3
Currants - -	per cwt.		o	o	2
Coffee and Cocoa	per ton		o	3	o
Cotton ...	per bale		o	I	o
Cotton ...	per pocket		o	o	6
DRUGS: Aloes ...	per iaolbs.		0	o	
Cream of Tartar	per cwt.		0	0	2
Caffia Fiftula	per cwt.		o	o	3
Cortex Pcruvianus	per cwt.		0	o	6
Caftor Oil	per ioolbs.		o	I	6
Gum Senegal	per ioolbs.		o	o	3
Gum Arabic	per cwt.		o	0	-i
Gum Copal	per 1 oo lbs.		o	1	6
Gum Guiacum	per ioo lbs.		o	o	3
Guinea Grain	per ioo lbs.		o	I	o
Galbanum - -	per cwt.		o	c	6
Manna	per ioolbs.		0	0	3

48" GEORG 11 III. Cap. 11 i

iCt

Oleum Palmae OrcheLia

Radix Serpentaria Saflafras Sarfaparilla Sacharum Satnrni Turmeric Valonia ..Verdigreafe Vermicelli

Elephants Teeth *

Figs -	*	-

Flax or Linfeed Feathers

Flint Stones -	*

Fifh Oil .	-

Flax *	•	*

Glue -Gin and Brandy Ginger	.	.	w

Piemento -	•

Horns	-

Hides »	*	■*•

Hemp	I

Juniper Berries	*

Indigo

Junk and Rags Iron, old broken Iron	...

Kelp

Liqudtrice	-	*

Long Steel

Lard -	-	-

Lead Ore

Linen (in tranfitu)

Linen (not in tranfitu)

Lemons and Oranges Lemons and Oranges	•

Madder ... Marble Matts «

Molaffes -	:

Natron Nuts Oil Olive Oil Turpentine

[Lie. & Per.2	S	t

		£•	Si	d.
per cwt. «	- -	O	o	3
per cwt.		O	o	2
per cwt.	-	o	o	6
per cwt.	-	o	o	2
per i oo lbs.	-	0	1	6
per cwt.	-	o	0	3
per cwt.	-	0	o	2
per cwt.	-	o	o	X
per cwt	-	o	o	9
per cwt		o	o  /J	9
per cwt.		0	X	0
per cwt.		o	o	2
per quarter		o	o	I •
per cwt.		o	X	o
per ton	A	0	o	6
per ton		- 0	I	6
per cwt*		o	o	3
per cwt.	*	o	0	2
per puncheon	-*	o	2	6
per cwt*		o	o	2
per loo lbs.		o	o	2
per i,coo		0	0	6
per fcore		o	I	o
per cwt.		o	o	2
per cwt.		o	0	°i
per ioo lbs.	* -	o	5	O
per ton		o	o	6
per ton		o	o	6
per ton		0	I	o
per ton		o	o	6
per cwt.		o	0	3
per cwt.		o	o	2
per ton	-	o	I	6
per ton		o	I	o
per pack or box		o	I	6
per pack or box		o	3	6
per cheft		©	o	2
per box		0	o	I
per cwt.		o	o	2
per ton		o	I	6
per ioo		°	o	3
per ton		o	1	6
per ton		o	I	o
per bulhel		o	o	l
per ton	- *	o	3	o
■per ioo lbs.		o	o	2

48° GEORGII III. Cap.11

162

Prunes - *	per cwt.		£  O	s.  0	d.  2
Plaifter of Paris	per ton		O	I	6
Pumice Stone	per ton		O	I	6
Pitch, Tar, and Rofin	per barrel		O	0	2
Pot and Pearl Allies	per cwt.		O	0	2
Quills - -	per 1000		O	0	of
Raifins - -	per cwt.		O	0	3
Raifins ...	per box or jar		O	0	1
Raifins - - .	per balket		O	0	2
Raifins - - ,	per frail		O	0	4
Rum - -	per puncheon		O	I	6
Rum - *	per hoglhead		O	0	9
SKINS.					
Calf Skins	per dozen		O	0	°i
Deer Skins -	per dozen		0	0	6
Kid -	per dozen		O	0	1
Lamb Skins -	per Bozen		O	0	°i
Seal Skins ...	per 100		O	I	6
Shumac -	per cwt.		O	0	i
Smalts -	per cwt.		O	0	3
Sallad Oil' -	per Gallon		0	0	1
Sugar - -	per ton		0	3	0
Tarras ...	per quarter		0 0	0	4
Tallow	per ton		0	2	0
Tobacco -	per hhd.		0	2	6
Turpentine -	per barrel		0	0	2
TIMBER.					
Deals and Deck Planks	per 120		0	2	6
Pine Planks and Boards	per 120		0	I	0
Deal Ends	per 120		0	I	6
Deals exceeding 20 feet	per 120		0	5	0
Battens above 20 feet	per 120		0	I	6
Battens under 20 feet	per 120		0	I	0
Lathwood	per fathom		0	<5	4
Marts, 6 to 8 inches diameter -	-		0	0	6
Marts, 8 to 12 inches diameter -	-		0	I	0
Marts, 12 inches and upwards -	-		0	2	6
Parting Boards	per 120		0	O	6
Spars 22 feet and upwards	per 120	-	0	3	0
Spars under 22 feet	per 120		0	I	0
Ufers 24 feet long	per 120		0	3	0
Ufers under 24 feet long	per 120		0	1	6
Oars and Oar Rafters	per 120		0	2	0
Rockers, Boat hooks and locks	per dozen		0	0	1
Handfpikes ,	per 12o		0	1	j

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap.ti.

Oak Timber Oak Plank

Oak Boards

Oak Boards

Wainfeot Logs Wainfeot Logs 14 feet long Wain foot Logs 7 feet long Wainfeot Boards

per load		&  O	s.  1	d.  6
per load	-	O	1	6
fper 120, 15 I long	feet |	O	3	0
f under 15 feet long		O	2	0
^ per 120 -per load		O	2	0
per load	.	O	0	6
per load	.	O	0	3
per 100 feet	*	O	0	3

STAVES.

Hambro’ and Dantzic Pipe	.	per 120 of co Inches		0
Hogfhead and Barrel	-	per 120	.	0
Quebec Pipe exceeding 50 Inches -		per 120	w	0
Hoglhead and Barrel not exceeding 50 Inches -		j>per 120	-	0
American Pipe, exceeding to Inches		per 120	.	0
Ditto Hoglhead and Barrel,	under			
50 Inches		> per 120		0
Fir Timber	-	per load	-	0
Wax		per cwt.		0
Whale Fins	*	per cwt.	•	0
Wine	L	per pipe or butt	.	0
Wine	•	per hhd.	.	0
Wool Spanilh		per bag or pack	.	0
Wool, Scotch »	-	per ditto	-	0
WOODS.				
Red Wood		per ton		0
Cam Wood		per ton		0
Brazil		per ton		0
Niccaragua		per ton		0
Mahogany		per ton		0
Cedar		per ton		0
Logwood, Fultic, Ebony, \				
Lignum Vitx - j				
Yarn, Bay		per pack	.	0
Yarn, Linen	*	per pack	- '	0

All Goods not particularly rated, to pay the fame as Goods of the like Value and Package

o	8 o 6 o 6

0 3 o 2 o 1

0	8

1£gU

1	o

0	2

3 °

1	6

2	6

l O

2 O

4 o 4 o 2	6

I o I o

i 6

o 2 0 3

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majefty. 180S.

I '' ,IO j‘.

021 -C *	-	CSf

f • I* " ■

K C-“‘ *•' - V ? fc r 4

jsSX. ■<	L	...	--

fy, -	- -I ci

- - ;r • . ■ • ' m» *.♦••{».is-1! *«H‘r r

* lit. -iT -uT

xlY/

V -

J i }	.	-	--	•

- ■	■	-	-.........	‘	3.1!	jf



•’ :n-q2 Ioo7/ c >30^2 ,looW



.6000?/

ii

1T. j I: IT 4;

-

II. I .	—

r j

■ r.-.vr ■

Ito .v iifri) ii'-K'lU

• J

KDJ TK7



f ,^0£*f3 < fti



- . - -

,

. h : J	•	S	:	■	j	’	j;:	:	.	,	’	11 , J

„' ' - .	j aV . j ; .i ::t t

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*»******lHt»i#***«****T*«****;i;*****»**'** ****************

Cap. 12.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Patifh of Eafington, in the North Riding of the County of York.

[21ft March 1808.]

WHEREAS there are within the Manor and Parifli of Eafington, in the North Riding of the Coifnty of Tork, a certain Moor or Common called Eafington High Moor, containing by Eftimation Five hundred and feventy Acres or thereabouts; and another Moor or Common called Eafington Low Moor, containing by Eftimation One hundred and feventy-eight Acres or thereabouts: And whereas Robert Wharton Myddleton Efquire, is Lord of the Manor of Eafington aforefaid, and as fuch is feifed of the Soil of the fa id Two Moors or Commons called Eafington High Moor and Eafington Low Moor, and to the Mines and Minerals within and under the fame refpe&ively: And whereas the King’s moll Excellent Majefty, in Right of his Crown, is Patron of the Reftory of Eafington : And whereas the Right Honourable ‘Thomas Lord Dundas, the Lid Robert JVharton Myddleton, William Ward Jackfon Eiquire, the Reverend Matthew Mapletoft, and feveral other Perfons, are or claim to be entitled to Rights of Common upon the faid Moors or Commons, or one of them, as appendant, appurtenant, or belonging to their feveral Mefluages, Lands, and Tenements refpectively within the faid Parifh of Eafington 1 And whereas the Proprietors of the [Loc. is? Per.']	l't	‘	faid

x66

C- mmidoner appointed.

Power to appoint another Commiiiontr.

Allowance to the Ctm-miflioner ;

48* GEORG 11 III. Cap. 12.

faid Two Moors or Commons called Eafington High Moor and Eafingfori Low Moor, refpeftively, are defirous that the fame {hall be refpeftively divided and inclofed, fo as that fpecific Shares thereof may be allotted to them refpeftively, according to their feveral Rights and Interefts in the fame Moors or Commons refpeftively: But fuch Divifion, Allotment, and Inclofure, connot be eflabliffied without the Authority of Parliament; may it therefore pleafe Your Majefly that it may be enafted ; and be it enacted by the King’s moil Excellent Majefty, by and with the Adviceand Con lent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, that John Humphries, of Ripon in the County of York, Gentleman, and his Succeffors to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, {hall be and he and they are hereby appointed Commiffioner and Commifiioners for dividing, allotting, and in-clofing the faid Two Moors or Commons called Eafington High Moor and Eafington Low Moor, and for putting this Aft into Execution purfuant to the Powers, Regulations, and Dircftions herein-after contained, and to fuch of the Powers, Regulations, Reitriftions, and Provifions contained in an Aft palTed in the Forty-fir fi Year of His prefent Majelty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for confolidating in One AH certain Provifions ufually inferted in Acts of Inclofure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the feveral Fads ufually required on the pajfing of fuch Acts, as are not conlrouled by or repugnant to any of the Claufes, Provifions, or Regulations contained in this Aft; and that the Notices by the faid Aft required to be given in fome publick Newspaper of fetting out publick Carriage Roads, and of reading and executing the Award of the Commiffioner, {hall be publiffied in the Newfpaper called the York Herald, or if that Newfpaper ffiall not then be publiffied, in fome other Newfpaper printed at the City of York.

II.	And be it further enafted, That if the faid John Humphries ffiall, before the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby in him vetted, die, decline, or refufe to aft, or become incapable of afting, it ffiall be lawful for the faid Robert Wharton Myddleton, or the Lord of the Manor of Eafington for the Time being, or his known Agent or Attorney, by Writing under his Hand, and the Majority in Value of the Proprietors and Perfons having Right of Common upon the faid Moors or Commons refpeftively, or their known Agents or Attornies, who ffiall be prefent at a publick Meeting to be held for this Purpofe at Scaling Dam in the Pariffi of Eafington aforefaid (in purfuance of a Notice to be given in Writing for that Purpofe, and to be affixed upon the outer Door of the Church of Eafington afore-laid, at leall Fourteen Days before fuch Meeting) by Writing under their Hands to nominate and appoint a proper Perfon, not interefted in the faid Divifion and Inclofure, to be a Commiffioner in the Room of the faid John Humphries for executing the Powers and Authorities of this Aft; and fo from Time to Time as often as any Commiffioner fo to be appointed ffiall die, decline, or refufe to aft, or become incapable of acting.

III.	And be it further enafted, That out of the Money which ffiall arife for defraying the Expences of executing this Aft, there ffiall be paid to the Commiffioner afting in the Execution thereof, as a Recompence for his Pains and Trouble, the Sum of Two Guineas for each and every Day he ffiall be employed in travelling to, returning from, and attending in the Execution of this Aft, and no more; and that at all the Meetings to be

167

48® GEORG 11 III. Cap. 12.

held in purfuance of this Act, fuch Commiffioner fhall alfo, out of fuch -Allowance, defray his travelling and all other Expences.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That the Surveyorwho fhall be employed andthe in the Execution of this Act (hall, upon all and every his Attendances and iui Vc>°‘* st all Times, pay and bear his own Expences ; and that the Surveys or Ad-meafurements, including all neceflary Refurveys, and all Plans, fhall be

paid for at and after the Rate of Sixpence per Acre, for each and every Acre of the Land which fhall be furveyed, admeafured and planned in purfuance of this Aft ; and in cafe of the Death of any fuel) Surveyor before fuch Surveys, Admeafurements, and Plans fhall be finiflied, then and in every fuch Cafe the Executors or Adniinftrators of every fuch Surveyor fo dying fhall be paid after the Rate of Three Pence per Acre for each and every Acre which fhall have been fo furveyed and meafured in his Lifetime.

V.	And be it further enafted, That all Inclcfures and Encroachments Encroach-which have been taken or made from any Part or Parts of the faid Two m<"nts-Moors or Commons called Eafington High Moor and Eafington Lviv Moor,

or either of them (fave fuch as have been enjoyed peaceably and quietly for Thirty Years la ft paft or upwirds, without any Interruption given) fhall be deemed Part or Parcel of the faid Moors or Commons refpeftively from which fuch Inclofures or Encroachments fhall have been made or taken.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That the Commiffioner for the Time Reguhtion being fhall caufe Notice to be given in the Church of Eafington aforel'aid,

on fome Sunday immediately after Divine Service, or otherwife in Writing sittings, to be affixed on the principal outer Door of the fttid Church, of the Time and Place of his firft and every other Sitting for the Execution of this Aft, at leaft Eight Days before every fuch Sitting fhall be held (Sittings by Adjournment only exceptedj; and that the Commiffioner for the Time being fhall and may adjourn any fuch Sitting from Time to 1 ime, as he fhall fee Occafionfor the further Execution of this Aft: Provided always, that all the Commiflioners Sittings fhall be held within the Parifh of Eafington aforefaid, or within the Diftance of Eight Miles therefrom.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That if any Difpute or Difference fhall arife between any of the Proprietors or Perions interefted in any of the Lands intended to be divided, allotted, andinclofed by virtue of this Aft, concerning the refpeftive Rights and Interefts which they or any of them claim to have in or upon, or ip any Manner refpefting or relating to the fame Lands, or any or either of them, it fhall be lawful for the Commiffioner to hear, adjudge, and determine the fame; provided that nothing in this Aft contained fhall authorize the faid Cominiflioner to determine the Title to any Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatfo-ever; provided alfo, that if any of the Parties in any Aftion to be brought in purfuance of this Aft fhall die pending the fame, fuch Aftion fhall not abate by reafon thereof, but fhall be proceeded in as if no fuch Event had happened.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe the Party or Parties making any Claim in purfuance of this Aft, or the Perfon or Perfons objefting thereto, fhall be diffatisfied'with the Determination of the Commiffioner, and fhall by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, or the

6	Hand

C omm:ffioner to determine difputed Claims.

P'-rfon< dtCa-tisfied with the Commit!i-oner’s LVtcr-mination, may try their Rights at Law.

168

Allotment for Peat.

Allotment of the Relidue of of the Moors.

48* GEORG II III; Cap. 17.

lland or Hands of his, her, or their known Agent refpeftively, fignify1 the fame to the faid Commiffioner within Two Calendar Months next after fuch Determination fhall be made, in fuch Cafe, but not Other wife, it fliall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons fo diffatisfied witii fuch Determination, to have the Subject of fuch Claim or Objection, in refpeft of which fuch Determination (hall be made, tried at Law by an Action to be brought by him, her, or them, againfl any Perfon or Perfons in whofe Favour any Deteimination fhall have been fo made, upon a feigned I line, to be fettled by the proper Officers of the Court where fuch Aftion (hall be brought, in cafe the Parties differ about the fame, fuch Action to be brought within Three Calendar Months next after any fuch Determination (hall have been made; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Action (hall and is and are hereby required to appear to fuch Action, accept a Declaration, and plead to Iffue; and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall thereupon proceed in fuch Aftion fo as to have the fame tried and determined at the Fir ft or Second Affizes to be holden for the County of York next after the Commencement of fuch Aftion; and the Verdict of the Jury on fuch Trial (hall be binding, final, and conclufive upon all the Parties interefted therein, unlefsthe Court wherein fuch Action (hall be brought (hall fet afide fuch Verdict and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it (hall be lawful for the Court to do, and alfo, upon fufficient Caufe (hewn to put off the Trial of fuch Aftion, as is ufual in other Cafes; and that, after fuch Verdift obtained and not fet afide by the Court, the faid Commiffioner (hall and he is hereby required to aft in conformity thereto, and to allow or difallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined : Provided always, that all fuch Determinations of the faid Commiffioner as (hall not be objefted to by fuch Notice, to be given to the faid Commiffioner as aforefaid, or being fo objefted to, and the diffatisfied Parties refpeftively not caufing fuch Aftion at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforefaid, (hall be abfolutely binding, final, and conclufive.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiffioner (hall and he is hereby direfted, in the firft place, to fet out and appoint any Quantity of Land, not exceeding Five Acres, of and from the faid Moor or Common called Eafington High Moor, for the Ufe of the Proprietors and Occupiers for the Time being of Meffuages or other Buildings, in refpeft whereof any Allotments of the faid Moor or Common called Eafington High Moor, (hall be made in purfuance of this Aft, or which (half be erefted and built upon any fuch Allotment or Allotments, for the digging, cutting, and curing of Peats; all which Peats (hall be ufed for Fuel in and upon the Meffuages or other Buildings to be erefted upon the faid refpeftive Allotments, or in or upon the feveral Meffuages or other Buildings in refpeft whereof fuch Allotments fhall be made, but not for Sale, or any other Purpofe whatfoever.

X.	And be it further enafted, Thar the Commiffioner for the Time being (hall and he is hereby authorized and required, after dedufting fo much of the faid Moor or Common called Eafington High Moor, as (hall be fet out and appointed for getting Peat as aforefaid, and after dedufting fo much of the Refidue of the laid Two Moors or Commons called Eafington High Moor and Eafington Low Moor, as (hall be fet out for public Highways,

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 12,	169

ways, Roads, and Drains, and for a Common Quarry or Quarries, by virtue of the faid A ft of the Forty-firlt Year of His prefent Mujefty, or of this Aft, to fetout. allot, and appoint, unto and for the faid RobertWhar-lon Myddlelon, his Iieirs and Aflign;, as a Compenfation for the Soil of the faid Moors or Commons, as Lord of the faid Manor of Eafington, One full Sixteenth Part (Quantity and Quality con(idered) of all the Refidue of the faid Moors or Commons, over and above and exclufive of fuch Share or Allotment of the faid Moors or Commons as is herein-after directed to be allotted to him,in lieu of and as an Equivalent for his Right of Common thereon ; and the faid Commilfioner (hall and he is hereby authorized and required to fetout, allot, apportion, and divide all the Refidue of the faid Moors or Commons hereby authorized to be divided or allotted, unto and amongft the faid Robert Wharton Myddleton and the feveral other Perfons having R ight of Common thereon in proportion and according to the Real Annual Value of their refpeftive commonable Mefiuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That the Allotments to to

be fet out by virtue of this Aft in refpeft of any Property under Leafe at tTthe r Rack Rent, (hall be allotted to the refpeftive Leffors or Landlords, and refl'ees for the (hall be held or enjoyed by them free from all Righrsand Interefts of their ofVheiTlnte?" refpeftive Leffees or Tenants; and fuch refpeftive Leffors or Landlords, their rdts.

Heirs and Afiigns, or the Perfons feizedof their Eftates for the Time being,

(hall make fuch Abatement out of the Rents referred by fuch Leafes re-fpeftively, or fuch other Compenfatipn or Satsifaftion on account of the Determination of the Common Right comprifed therein, as the faid Com-miflioner (hall adjudge rcafbnable, and (hall by Writing under his Hand afeertain, direft, or appoint.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for any Perfon Proprietors

or Perfons who (hall be entitled to any Allotment or Allotments under or ^tg^cl,r by virtue of this Aft, to give, grant, bargain, fell, demife, mortgage, their Allot-limit, convey, affure, and difpofe of the fame, for all or any Part of his,	ft

her, or their Eftate or Interell therein or Right thereto, at any Time of the Award before the Execution of the Award of the faid Commifiioner; and every *"rth,hl^ fuch Gift, Grant, Bargain, Sale, Demife, Mortgage, Limitation, and common fc-Difpofuion thereof, aswell by Will as any other Conveyance and Affurance, pwate »Km (hall be of the fame Force and Validity as if made after the Execution of the

faid Award; alfo, that it (hall be lawful for any of the Owners or	'

Proprietors of any Common Rights upon the Lands and Grounds hereby direfted to be divided and inclofed, to fell and difpofe of the fame, or of the Allotment or Allotments to be made and fet out in refpeft thereof by virtue of this Aft, feparate and dilfir.ft from the Ellate in Right of which they, he, or (he are or is entitled to the faille, in the fame Manner as they, he, or ihe might have done at any Time after the Execution of the faid Award ; and it (hall be lawful for the faid Commifiioner, and he is hereby authorized and empowered,‘to awrard all and every fuch Allotment or Allotments which (hall be fo fold or difpofed of, or to be made and fet out in lieu of any Common Right fo fold or difpofed of, to the Purchafer or Pur-chafers thereof, or other Perfon or Perfons who (hall be entitled to the fame by virtue of any fuch Sale or Difpofition.

\Loc. b5 Per.2	LT «

XIII. And

170

Land may be deduced from Allotments in lieu of and equivalent ro the Expcnees.

A waul to be depofited.

Proprietors of (mail Allotment may give up the fame for a Sum of Money.

4.8* GEORG 11 III. Cap. 12.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That if fhall be lawful for the faid Coni' miffioner, and he is hereby required upon Application made to him for that Purpofe by the Perfon or Perfons whofe Conlent is next hereinaftei required, to deduft from any Allotment or Allotments to be let out by-virtue of this Act, fo much Land, as in the Judgement of the faid Com-miflioncr fhall be equivalent to the Part or Proportion of the Expences of paffing this Aft, and of the Execution thereof by the faid Commiflioner, and alfo the Ixpences ofinclofing, hedging, ditching, and fencing, which ought to be paid in refpeft of fuch Allotment or Allotments; and the Land fo dedufted fhall be allotted to or amongft the Proprietor or Proprietors, who fhall pay the fame Expences, in proportion to the Sums they fhall refpeftively pay or contribute thereto, but uuder the Reftriftion, however, that no fuch Deduction fliall be made by the faid Commiflioner without the previous Confent in Writing of the refpeftive Proprietors or Perfons feized or entitled inPofiefiion for Life, or any Term of Years determinable on Lives, or for any greater Eflate of or to fuch Allotment or Allotments, or of the Hufbands, Guardians, Truflees, Committees, or Attornies of any fuch Proprietors being Femes Covert, Infants, Lunaticks, beyond the Seas, or under any other legal Difability or Incapacity of afting for themfelves.

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That the Award to be made by the faid Commiflioner purfuant to the Directions of the faid Aft of the Forty-full Year of his prefent Majelty and this Aft, fhall be inrolled in the Regifler Office for the faid North Riding of the County of York, within Six Calendar Months after the Execution thereof, or fo foon afterwards as conveniently may be ; and the faid original Award, and fuch Plans and Surveys as may be annexed thereto, fhall afterwards be depofited in the Parifh Church of Eafington a fore faid, to the End that Recourfe may be had thereto, ar.d the fame be infpefted, at all feafonable Times, by or on the Behalf of any Perfon interefled, and upon reafonable Notice given thereof by the Perfon requiring fuch Infpeftion.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons entitled to an Allotment or Allotments, of the faid Two Moors or Commons called Eafington High Moor and Eafington Low Moor, or either of them, fliall, by any Writing under their refpeftive Hands, or the Hands of their refpeftive Attornies, Stewards, or Agents, to be delivered to the faid Commiflioner, at his Firft, Second, or Third Sitting, or at a fpecial Sitting to be held for that Purpofe by the faid Commifjjoner, previous to the fetting out of Allotments, exprefs a Defire to give up his, her, or their Right or Title to any Allotment or Allotments for a Valuable Consideration in Money, then and in fuch Cafe, he, {he, or ihey fhall have fuch pecuniary Compenfation paid to him, her, or them in lieu thereof, as fhall be ascertained by the faid Commiflioner to be a full Equivalent, provided the Amount of the Sum fo to be afeertained and paid as aforefaid flail not in any Cafe exceed Twenty Pounds; and in all Cafes where pecuniary Payment fliall be made in lieu of fuch fmall Allotments as aforefaid, the fame Allotments (hall be divided among the other Owners of Allotments, according to their Several Proportions on the re-fpeftivc Moors or Commons on which’Tuch Right or Title fliall be given up; and the Sums payable in lieu of fuch Allotments, (hall be paid by the Com-miflioner out of the refpeftive Monies to be raifed for carrying this Aft into Execution.

2

XVI. And

4-8a GEORG 11 III. Cap,12.

XVI.	And be it further enafted, That no Leafe or LeafeS to be granted by virtue of the faid recited Aft of the Forty-firft Year of His prefent Majefty, by the Reftor of the faid Parifh of Eaftngion or his Succeffors, of any I.ands or Grounds to be allotted to him or them by virtue of this Aft, in Right of the Reftory of Eofmgton aforefaid, Until be good, valid, or effectual, without the Confent of the King’s mod Excellent Majefty as Patron of the faid Reftory firft had and obtained thereto.

XVII.	And be it further enafted. That if any Perfon fha!l, during the Space of Ten Years from the Execution of the Award of the faid Coin-miffioner, keep or departure, or perrhit to be kept or dcpaftured, any Sheep, Lambs, Horfes, Mules, or All'es in the Roads or Lanes to be fet out by virtue of the faid recited Aft or this Aft, or in any of the Allotments to be made in purfuance of this Aft, unlefs he, fhe, or they fhall firrt: effectually fence and guard the adjoining Allotment or Allotments belonging to any other Proprietor or Proprietors, from any Injury or Damage to their Quickfets or new planted Fences, every Perfon io offending, upon Conviction thereof before One or more of His Majefty’s Jurtices of the Peace for the faid North Riding of the County of Tirk, on the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witnefs or Wilneffes (which Cath the faid Jurtices or any One of them are or is hereby authorieed to adminifter) fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing in this Aft contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to revoke, alter, or make Void any Settlement, Deed, Will or Leafe whatfoever, or to prejudice any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Rent, Service, Debt, Charge, or Incumbrance of, in, out of, or upon or affefting any of the Meffuagea, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in refpeft whereof any Allotment of the faid Moors or Commons, or either of them, fhall be made by virtue of this Aft, but that the feveral Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which lhall be afligned or allotted upon the faid Divifion to the feveral Proprietors refpeftively, fhall, immediately after the Execution of the Award of the laid Commiffioner, be verted in and remain, continue and enure to, and be held and enjoyed by the feveral Perfons to whom the fame fhall be afligned. or allotted to, for, and upon fuch and the fame Ujfes, Ellates, lnterefts, Trufts, Intents, and Purpofcs, and under and fubjeft to the fame Powers, Provifoes, Limitations, Conditions, Covenants, Debts, Charges, and Incumbrances, and Provifions of every Kind, and in the fame Manner as the feveral Hereditaments in refpeft whereof the fame fhall be refpeftively afligned or allotted would have flood feverally limited or fettled to, or fubjeft or liable to, if this Aft had not parted.

XIX.	And be it further enafted. That if any of the Proprietors or PAns intererted in the Execution of this Aft, or any other Perfon or PSfons on the Behalf of them or any of them, fhall advance and pay any Money in difpharre of the Fees and other Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, the Monies fo paid and advanced fhall be repaid and faiis* fled by the Direftion of the faid Commiffioner, together with lawful Inte-reft for the fame, out of the firrt; or any other Monies that fhall or may be raifed for the Purpcfes of this Aft.

17 i

Leafe: by the Reflor not to lie valid with • out the King's; Confent.

To prevent

Damage to young Fences.

Allotments to go to the former Ufes.

Money advanced for the Aft to be repaid with Intercft.

XX. And

172

Expences of parfmg and executing the Ad.

\

Commi/Tioncr to account.

Hew Notices are to be given-

48° GEO RQ11 III. Cap. 12.

XX.	And be it further enacted, That the Coils and Charges of and in-* cident to the obtaining and paffing of this Aft, of Purveying, admeafuring, planning, dividing, and allotting the Lands intended to be hereby divided andinclofed, and of making Highways or Roads, and of preparing and inrolling the Award of the faid Commiflioner, and all other Expences attending the Execution of this Aft, ihall be borne and defrayed by the feveral and refpeftive Perfons to whom any Allotment or Allotments 0: the faid Two Moors or Commons, or either of them, ihall be refpeftively made, in proportion to the real Value of their refpeftive Allotments to be fettled and afeertained by the faid Co mmi(Loner; and the feveral and refpeftive Shares and Proportions of all fuch Fees, Payments. Charges, and Expences as aforefa'd, ihall be payable and paid by fuch Owners and Proprietors refpeftively to fuch Perfon or Perfons, and at fuch Time or Times, as Ihall by the faid Commiifioner, either before or after the Execution of his Award, be ordered, direfted, and appointed in Writing un-,der his Hand Twenty Days before the Time appointed for fuch Payment.

XXI.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiflioner ihall and he is hereby required to keep or caufe to be kept a juft and true Statement and Account, of all Sums of Money which ihall be raifed or received, and laid out or expended, by him or his Order* or for his Ufe, under or by virtue or in the Execution of this Aft, and what ihall be due and owing to him for his own Trouble or Expences, and ihall truly and regularly enter all the Particulars of fuch Statements and Accounts in a Book to be provided for that Purpofe; and fuch Accounts ihall, at leaft Once in every Year from the palling of this Aft, till fuch Accounts ihall be finally allowed, together with the Vouchers relating to the fame, be examined and fettled by Chrijlopher Ricbardfon, of Whitby, in the faid North Riding. Efquire, who is hereby appointed Auditor for that Purpofe, and in cafe of his Death or Refufal to aft, by fuch other fit and proper Perfon, as ihall be appointed Auditor in his Stead by the Majority in Value of the faid Proprietors, at a Meeting to be holden in like Manner as is hereinbefore direfted with refpeft to the Meeting of the faid Proprietors, for the Purpofe of appointing a CommiiLoner in the Place of the faid John Humphries; and fuch Auditor for the Time being (hall from Time to Time (late, in Writing under his Hand, the Balance of the faid Accounts in fuch Book as afore-faid; and that no Charge or Item in fuch Accounts (hall be binding on the Parties concerned, or be valid in Law, unlefs the fame (hall be duly allowed by fuch Auditor; and alio that fuch Book of Account Ihall be kept at the Office of the Clerk of the faid Commiflioner, and ffiall be open to the Infpeftion of any of the faid Proprietors or their Agents, at all feafonable Times during the Progrefs of the faid Diviiion and Inclofure,' and until the faid Accounts (hall have been finally fettled and allowed j and in Cafe the faid Commiflioner or his Clerk (hall ref ufe or ncgleft: fo to do, the CommiiLoner and Clerk refpeftively fo refufmg or uegjpfting (hall, for every fuch Refufal or Neglect, forfeit and pay to any Pabn who (hall fue for the lame, the Sum of Ten Pouuds, tube recovered in 3*y of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wcjlminjler, by Aftion of Debt oron the Cafe.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That all Notices ne-ceflary and requilite to be given by the faid Commiflioner in purfuance of

the

173

48°GE0RGII III. Cap. 12.

(he faid Aft or this Aft (except fuch as are otherwife particularly direfted by this Aft) fhall be given by Advertifement in the York Herald if then publifhed, if not, then in fome other Newfpaper or Newfpapers printed in the City of York.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted, That if any Pcrfon or Perfons fhall think himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved by any Thing done in pur-fuance of the faid Aft of the Forty-firft Year of His prefent Majefty, or of this Aft (other than and except fuch Claims, Objeftions, Matters, and Things as are by the faid Aft or this Aft authorized to be afcertained, tried, fettled, or determined by the Verdift of a Jury, or where by any of the Provifions of the faid Aft or this Aft, the Determinations, Afts, or Proceedings of the faid Commifiioner are direfted to be final and conclu-five) then and in every fuch Cafe, he,Vfhe, or they may appeal to the next General Quarter Seflions of the Peace which fhall be holden for the North Riding of the County of York, within Four Calendar Months next after the Caufe of Complaint fhall have arifen, on giving to the faid Commifiioner and to the Party or Parties concerned. Fourteen Days Notice in Writing of fuch Appeal; in which Notice fhall be diftinftly fiated and fpecified the Ground or Grounds, Caufe or Caufes of fuch Appeal; and the Juftices not interefled therein, at fuch General Quarter Seflions, are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every fuch Appeal, and to make fuch Order, and award fuch Cofts and Damages, as to them fliall feem reafonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Cofts and Damages which fhall be fo awarded by Diftrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels, after dedufting the reafonable Charges of fuch Warrant, Diftrefs, and Sale; and the Determination of fuch Juftices fhall be final and conclufive to all Parties concerned, and fhall not be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefs, into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejhninjler or elfwhere; and in cafe fuch Appeal fhall appear to the faid Juftices, to be frivolous, vexatious, or withoutFoundation, then the faid Juftices fhall award fuch Cofts to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants, as to them in their Difcretion fliall feem reafonable, to be levied in Manner aforefaid.

XXIV.	Saving always to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, and to all and every other Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs, SuccefTors, Executors, and Adminftrators (other than and except the Lord of the faid Manor for the Time being, touching his Right to the Soil of the faid Moors or Commons hereby direfted to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, and all other Perfons entitled to any Right of Common in or upon the faid Moors or Commons, his, her, and their Heirs, SuccefTors, Executors, and A dmin-

Kors refpeftively, and the Perfons, Bodies Politick, Corporate and Col-ite, his, her, and their Heirs, SuccefTors, Executors, and Adminiftra-, who fhall make any Claim or Claims of Right of Common, or of any other Eftate, Right, or Intereft upon, into, or out of the faid Moors or Commons, or either of them, w'hich fliall be adjudged and determined againft him, her, or them as aforefaid) all fuch Eftate, Right, Title, and Intereft, as he, they, every, or any of them had or enjoyed, of, in, to, [.Loc. ft? Per. j ’	X *	or

Appeal to the

Quarter Sef-vons.

General Saving.

174-

4S'GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

or out of the faid Moors or Commons hereby refpedively direded to be divided and inclofed as aforefaid, before the palling of this Ad, or could or might have had or enjoyed if tins Ad had not been made.

by°the s XXV. And be it further enaded, That this Ad fhall be printed by the Pointer. " Printer to the King’s moil Excellent Majefty; and a Copy thereof fo printed lhall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Juftices, and others.

LONDON : Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printer* to the King’s molt Excellent Majefty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

******************************************************

Cap. 13.

An A£t for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Ad of His prefent Majcfty, for making and maintaining the Barnjley Canal Navigation, and certain Railways and other Roads to communicate therewith; and for increaling the Rates, Tolls, and Duties thereby granted.	[28th	March	J808.]

WHEREAS an Aft was parted in the Thirty-third Year of the

Reign of His prefeiit Majefty, intituled. An Act for making 33 G. 3. and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Calder, in the Townjhip of Warrafield cum Heath, to or near the Town of Bamfley, and from thence to Barnby Bridge, in the Townjhip of Hawthorne in the Wejl Riding of the County of York, and certain Railways and other Roads to communicate therewith, whereby the fcveral Perfons therein named, and fuch other Perfons as fhould thereafter become port'efled of One or more Share or Shares in the faid Canal, their SucceiTors, Executors, Admi-niftrators, and Afligns, were incorporated by the Name and Style of The Company of Proprietors of the Barnjley Canal Navigation, and are authorized to make, complete, and maintain a Canal, navigable and pa (Table for Boats, Barges, and other Vefiels, from the River Calder, in the Townfhip of Warmfield cum Heath, to or near the Town of Barnjley, and from thence to Barnby Bridge, in the 1 ownfhip of Cawthome in the Wert;

Riding of the faid County of York; and alfo to make and lay divers Railways or other Roads, or both, to communicate with the faid Canal in Rich, Courfe and Direftion as in the faid Aft, and in certain Maps, Plans, and Books of Referenced, certified bv the Right Honourable the Sbeaker [Loc. & Per;}	Ty	of

178

Power to

raife 43,2001»

If 43,2Col.

ii;fufficient, to raife 10,0001. by Mortgage.

4.8°GEORGH lit. Cap. 13.

of the Houfe of Commons, or made ifidcr the Authority of the faid Aft, and feverally depofit'ed, One with the Clerk of the Peace for the Welt Riding of the County of York, and the other with the Clerk of the faid Company of Proprietors, are direfted; and the faid Company were thereby authorized to raife and contribute amongft themfelves a competent Sutn of Money for making and completing the faid Canal and other Works authorized to be made by the faid Aft, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Seventy-two thoufand Pounds (except as therein-after is mentioned) ; and in cafe the faid Sum of Seventy-two thoufand Pounds fhould be found infufficient for making, completing, and maintaining the faid Canal, Railways, and other Works thereby authorized to,be made, the laid Company were alfo enabled to raife and contribute among themfelves, ’ in the Manner in the faid Aft mentioned, or by the Admiffion of new Subfcribers, any further or other Sum of Money for completing and perfecting the faid Navigation, not exceeding Twenty-five thoufand Pounds: And whereas the faid Company of Proprietors, in purfuance of the Powers contained in the faid recited Aft, have raifed by voluntary Contribution among themfelves the Whole of ihe Sum of Seventy-two thoufand Pounds, and alfo the further Sum of Twenty-five thoufand Pounds or thereabouts, by Loans at Intereft, from certain of the Proprietors of the laid Canal, the Whole of which faid Sum of Ninety-feven thoufand Pounds has been expended in the Profecution and Furtherance of the Works of the faid Canal Navigation ; and the faid Company have alfo incurred fundry Debts in the Profecution of the faid Undertaking: And whereas the faid Company of Proprietors have made and completed the faid Canal, and fome of the Works relating thereto, but the Railroads or other Roads to communicate therewith are not yet made, by reafon whereof the faid Canal is of lefs publick Utility than it otherwife would be ; and in order to enable them to finilh the fame, and other Works of the faid Canal, and to dif-charge the Debts by them contrafted, and to maintain and provide for the general Purpofes of the faid Undertaking, a conliderable Sum of Money more than they have yet raifed will be required, and which cannot n'ow be borrowed on Mortgage without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And whereas the faid recited Aft hath in other Refpefts been found defeftive, and the Powers and Provifions thereof require to be in fome Refpefts altered, amended, and enlarged: May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflem-bled, and by the Authority of the fame. That it (hall be lawful for the faid Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to raife the Sum of Forty-three thoufand and two hundred Pounds, for difeharging all and every Debt and Debts, Sum and Sums of Money, which are or lhall become owing or payable from or by the faid Company, and for nnilhing, completing, and maintaining the faid Canal and Railways, and other Works, and particularly: the Railway or other Road from the faid Canal near Barnby Bridge to or near Norcroft Bridge, and from thence towards Silkjhn Cro/s, by the faid recited Aft authoiized' to be made and done; any Thing in the laid recited Aft contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding. 10

II. And be it further enafted, That in cafe the faid Sum of Forty-three thoufand and two hundred Pounds, being Sixty Pounds per Share, herein-.

1	v	,	before

48°GEORGII flfc Cap. r#	17c

before authorized to be railed, fha.il be found infufficient for making, completing, and maintaining the faid Canal, Refervoirs, Feeders, Ways, Quays,

Wharfs, and other Works by the faid recited Aft authorized to be made, and for defraying all neceffary Expences and Charges relating thereto, then and in fuch Cafe the faid Company of Proprietors fhall and they are hereby author ized and empowered to borrow and take up at Intereft on Mortgage any further or other Sum of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Ten thoufand Pounds, on the Credit of the faid Navigation and Undertaking, and to aflign the Property of the faid Navigation, and the Rates arifrng or to arife to the faid Compaqy by virtue of the faid recited Aft or this Aft, or any Part thereof, as a Security for any Sum or Sums cf Money to be borrowed as aforefaid, with Intereft, to fuch Perfon or Perfons, or to his, her, or their Truftees, who fhall be willing to advance the fame; all which Alignments fhall be made under the Common Seal of the faid Company, in the Form or to the Effeft pre-feribed and fet forth in the faid recited Aft ; and all and every Perfon and Perfons to whom fuch Alignment of Alignments fhall be made* fhall be equally entitled to his, her, or their Proportion of the faid Rates, Canal, and Premifes, according to fuch refpeftive Sums in fuch Alignment mentioned to be advanced, without any Preference by reafon of the Priority of the Date of fuch Alignment, or on any other Account whatfoever ; and the Money fo to be borrwed is hereby direfted and appointed to be laid out and applied for and towards the making, completing, and maintaining the faid Canal and other Works by the faid recited Aft authorized to be made, and for the other Purpofes cf the faid Aft, and to no other Ufe, Intent, or Purpofe whatfoever.

III. And be it further enafted. That the.faid Sum of Forty-three thou- Prefcriblng fand and two hundred Pounds, or any Part thereof, fhall and may be thy Mode of raifed by the faid Company of Proprietors, by railing, paying, and con- raiij^jlle tributing among themfelves proportionably and rateably in refpeft of their 45,200 " feveral Shares in the faid Navigation} and that it fhall be lawful for the faid Company, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at any General or Special Alfembly to be .held and convened in the Manner and agreeably to the Directions contained in the faid recited Aft, or for their Committee for the Time being, to make any Call or Calls for Money from the Proprietor or Proprietors of a Share or Shares in the faid Canal Navigation, in order to raife the faid Sum of Forty-three thoufand and two hundred Pounds, in the Manner and fubjeft to the Regulations herein-after mentioned; which Money fo to be called for fhall be paid to fuch Perfon or Perfons, and in fuch Manner as the faid General or Special Alfembly or Committee fhall direft and appoint; and all and every the Owner and Owners of One or more Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking, fhall pay his, her, and their Share and Shares, or Proportion of the Monies to be called for as aforefaid, at,fuch Time and Place, and in fuch Manner as fhall be appointed as aforefaid, and of which Time and Place Thirty Days Notice fhall be given, by publifhing the fame in fome Two Newf-papers ufually or then circulating in the Country through which the faid Canal paffes, or in fuch other Manner as the faid Company fhall at any General or Special Alfembly direft or appoint; and fuch Sum or Sums of Money as fhall be paid in refpeft of every Share in the faid Undertaking, fhall be and the fame is and are hereby declared to be confolidated with every fuch Share, and fhall entitle the refpeftive Owners thereof to a propur-$	tionably

i8o	4.I*	GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

tionably hicreafed Share of the Profits and Advantages of the faid Undertaking ; and every Share in the faid Undertaking (hall, for all Purpofes whatfoever, he confidered as fo much Stock in the faid Undertaking as fliall from Time to Time be the Quotient arifing from a Divifion of the whole Money which hath been or (hall be raifed under and by virtue of the faid recited Act and this Aft, by the whole Number of Shares in the laid Undertaking; and all Executors and Adminiftrators (hall be and are hereby empowered to pay their refpeftivc Proportions of the faid Money, to be called for as aforefaid in refpeft of the Share or Shares of their Tedators and Inreftates refpeftiveiy, and charge the fame to the Accounts of l'uch Perfons Eftates and Effects.

Mamier of iv. And, for the better enforcing the Payment of fuch Calls, be it Piymcnt of fur!htr enacted. That if any Perfon or Perfons upon whom any Call or Calls.	Calls for Money (hall or may hereafter be made, under or by virtue of

this Aft, for or in refpeft of any Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking, and who fhall not have given Notice in the Manner in this Aft directed of his, her, or their Intention of relinquifhing anv fuch Share or Shares, (hall neglect or rerufe to pav his, her, or their rateable or pro-poitionable Share or Shares of the faid Monty to be called for and railed by virtue of this Aft, for the Space of Six Calendar Months next after inch Call or Calls (call have been directed to be paid by fuch Publication as aforbfaid, then and in fuch Cafe all and every the Share and Shares of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo refufing or neglecting as aforefaid, fhall be veiled in the faid Company of Proprietors, their Succeffors, Executors, Ad miniflrators, and AlTigns, to and for the Ufes and Purpofes hereinafter mentioned : Provided always, that no Share or Shares of and in the laid Navigation fhall ve(t in or accrue to the faid Company, until Notice in Writing thereof be given by the Treasurer or Clerk of the faid Company to the Owner or Owners of, or Perfon or Perfons in whofe Name or Names fuch Share or Shares fliall at the Time of giving fuch Notice Hand regiftered or entered in the Hooks of the faid Company, and in cafe of Infants to the Guardians or i ruflees of or for fuch Infants, or left at his, her, or their Dwtllinghoufe or ufual or lad known Place of Abode, ’’Thirty Days at lead before fuch Accruer fhall take place, or until Notice (hall be pubbfhed Three Times at lead in the London Gazette, and in Two Newfpapers ufually or then circulating in the Country through which the laid Canal paffes; and in which Notice (hall be contained a Statement and Account of how much Money is due fioin fuch Owner or Owners, PerfQn or Perfons, for .his, her, or their Call or Calls in refpeft of his, her, or their Share or Shares in the (aid Undertaking; and that fuch Share or Shares ihall not be veded in the faid Compauv of Proprietors, provided the Owner or Owners thereof, or fuch Perfon cr Perfons as aforefaid, (hall pay up what fhall appear by fuch Statements to be due, together with lntereft on the fame, and all Expeiices attending the applying for the fame, within the Time fpecified in fuch Notice ; any Thing contained in the faid recited Aft or this Act to the contrary notwithdandir.g.

The Company empowered to fell Shares that Ihall become veiled in them by deft (lit of the

■ V. And be it further enafted. That when any Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking (hail, by virtue at this Aft, have become veiled in the laid Company of Proprietors as aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe it fliall be lawful for the, faid Company, or their Committee for the Time being, and they are hereby empowered, to fall or caufe to be fold by -publick ■*dti;iUiil	J	‘	-'	^uftion

480 GEORG 11 nr. Cap.13.

Auction to the belt Bidder, at fuch Time and Place as the faid Company or their Committee lhall direct (of which Sale Twenty Days Notice at dealt lhall be given, by publilhing the fame in the London Gazette, and in Two Ntwi'papers ufiully or then circulating in the Country through which the laid Canal pafles); and it iha.ll be lawful for the laid Company of Proprietors or their Committee to aflign over and transfer the Share or Shares of fuch Defaulter or Defaulters, or fueh and fo tnany of the faid Share or Shares as the laid Company of Proprietors or their Committee lhall from Time to Time find necelfary and direft, in order to make good the Deficiency and Deficiencies of fuch Defaulter or Defaulters as fiiall not pay his, her, or their Call or Calls, purfuant to the Directions of this Aft, unto i'uch Perfon or Perfons as lhall become the Purchafer or Purcbafers of fuch Share or Shares, his, her, or their Executors, Admi-nillrators, or Alligns, and to receive and give Receipts for the Money agreed to be paid or given for fuch Share or Shares; and fuch Aflignment and Transfer and Receipt lhall be good, valid, and effectual, againft the Owner and Owners ot every fuch Share or Shares fo veiled in the faid Company and fold as aforefaid, and all Perfons claiming under him, her, or them: Provided always, that in cafe the Money produced by Sale of any fuch Share or Shares lhall be more than fufficient to pay fuch Arrears as aforefaid, the Surplus ariiing from fuch Sale, after Payment of all Arrears of Money due thereon and Interelt, and the Expences attending fuch Sale, lhall be paid on Demand to the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Share or Shares lhall have belonged; provided alfo, that no fuch Share or Shares lhall be fold or advertized for Sale, until the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after Notice in Writing lhall have been given by the Treafurer or Clerk to the faid Canal Company, to the Owner or Owners thereof, or Perfon or Perfons in whofe Name or Names fuch Share or Shares lhall at the Time of giving fuch Notice Hand regiftered or entered in the Books of the laid Company of Proprietors, and in cafe of Infants, to the Guardians or Trullees of or for fuch Infants, or left at his, her, or their Dwelling-hqufe, or ufual or lall known Place of Abode, or until fuch Notice lhall have been publilhed Three Times in the London Gazette, and in Two Newfpapers ufually or then circulating in the Country through which the faid Canal pafles, in which Notice lhall be contained a Statement and Account how much Money is due from fuch Owner or Owners, Perfon or Perfons, for his, her, or their Call or Calls in refpeft of his, her, or their Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking ; provided likewife, that the faid Barnjley Canal Company or their Committee lhall not by virtue of this Aft, at any Time or Times fell or transfer, or direft to be fold or transferred, any more of fuch Shares of fuch Defaulter or Defaulters than lhall be fulficient, as near as may be at the Time of fuch Sale, to pay the Arrears of Calls of fuch Defaulter or Defaulters, and the Interelt and Expences attending the fame ; and front aqd after Payment of all and every the Call or Calls to be made by virtue of this Aft, and the Interelt and Expences as aforefaid, any Share or Shares veiled in the faid Company of Proprietors as aforefaid, which lhall remain in their Hands unfold, lhall revert to and again become the Property of the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Share or Shares had before belonged, in fuch Manner as if the Calls had been duly and regularly paid.

VI. Provided newcrthelefs, and be it further er.afted, That if any Proprietor or Proprietors of any fuch Share or Shares, or the Executors* Admi-\_Loc. Es* Per.]	Z	s	liiftra'ors.

181

Owners not paying the Calls thereon.

Surplus to he paid to. the Perfon to whom fuch Share did belong; and no Share to be fold until Not ce (hall have been given to the Owner.

Shares may be relin-quithed and fold after Notice.

183

ilot to fue

for Calls on

forfti'ed

Shares.

Ftovifo, that .jn eafe no Bidders (hall be found for Shares vetted jn the Company, they lhall become vetted in the Company for the Benefit of all the Proprietors according to their Snares.

Perfons having particular I11-terefts only in Shares, may mortgage fuch Shares for the Calls paid in pnr-funnee of

this Ad.

48° GEORGII III. Cap.13.

niflrators, Guardians, or Truftees of any fuch Proprietors, or any Mortgagee of fuch Shares, lhall, wirhin Three Calendar Months next after the palling of this Aft, give Notice in Writing to the Treafurer, or Law Clerk or Law Clerks to the faid Company of Proprietors, of his, her, or their Intention of relinquifhing any fuch Share or Shares, then and in fuch Cafe fuch Shares fhall not be forfeited or veiled in the faid Company of Proprietors by the Non-payment of any Call, but fuch Shares fhall, within One Calendar Month after fuch Notice, be fold by publick Auflion to the highell Bidder in Manner aforefaid, and the Monies arifing from fuch Sale, after deducting the neceiiary Charges and Lxpences attending the fame, and the Arrears of Cali^f before that ‘lime made, lhall be paid to the Perfon or Perfons to whom the Share or Shares fo fold fhall have belonged.

VII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enarted and declared, That nothing in the faid recited Act or this Act contained fhall empower the faid Company of Proprietors to fue for any Call or Calls for Money directed to be made by virtue of this Art, or to forfeit or declare forfeited any Share or Shares on Non-payment of any fuch Call or Calls, or in any Manner to recover or enforce Payment of the fame, other than by felling fuch and fo many of the Shares of the faid respective Proprietors as lhall be neceffary for the Pur poles, and under the Regulations and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Alt, lave and except in the Cafe next herein mentioned; any Thing in the faid recited Art or in this Art contained to the contrary notwithllanding.

VIII.	And be it further enarted, That in cafe no Purchafer lhall be found at the Sale by Auction of fuch Share or Shares in the faid Canal as lhall, by Default of the Owner or Owners thereof, become veiled in the faid Company of Proprietors in Manner aforefaid, or as lhall be relinquilhed in the Manner and according to the Power for that Purpofe herein-before contained (fuch Sale being made in the Events and according to the Manner herein-before directed), then the Share or Shares for w hich no Purchafer lhall be found at fuch Sale by Auftion, and all Profits and Benefit thereof, and all Monies advanced on fuch Share or Shares, lhall and they are hereby declared to be veiled in the faid Company of Proprietors abfo-lutely, for the equal Benefit of all the remaining Proprietors, according to their refpertive Shares in the faid Undertaking.

IX.	And be it further enarted, That it lhall be lawful for the feveral Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking, being poffeffed thereof or entitled thereto for Life, or for any other limited Ellate or Interell, and who lhall be compelled or compellable, in purfuance of this Art, to advance any Sum or Sums of Money over and above the original Subfcriptions, and for the Plulbands, Guardians, Truftees, Committees, and Attornies of any fuch Proprietors being under Coverture, Minors, Lunaticks, beyond the Seas, or under any other Difability or Incapacity of arting for themfelves, to borrow and take up at Interell, upon the Credit of fuch Share or Shares, fuch Sum and Sums of Money as they fhall fo refpertively advance, or be compellable, to pay, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to grant and affign over luch Share or Shares unto the Perfon or Perfons who lhall advance and lend the Money thereon, his, her, or their Executors, Adminillratcrs, and Ailigns ; and the Money

r - fo

4S® GIiORGII III. 'Cap. 13.	183

fo to be borrowed {hall be paid to the Treafurer or Treafurers to the laid Company of Proprietors, for the Purpofe of anfwering and paying the Sum or Sums of Money which fuch Proprietors refpechvely may be compelled or compellable to pay as aforefaid: Provided always, that in every fuch Grant or Aflignment there be contained a Provifo or Condition to make the fame void, or an exprefs Trufl to re-aflign the Intereft, Benefit* and Advantage thereby granted, when the Money thereby fecured, with the Intereft thereof, fhall be fully paid and fatisfied; and that where the fame fliall be made by or on Behalf of any Proprietor interefted in or entitled to fuch Share or Shares for Life, or for any other limited Eftate or Intereft, there be contained a Covenant or Provifo, that the Perfon of Perfons entitled to fuch Share or Shares in Remainder or Reverfion fhall not be liable, upon becoming poffeffed thereof, to the Payment of any further or larger Arrear of Intereft than for One Year preceding the Time that the Pofleflion of fuch Eftate or Intereft in Reverfion or Remainder fliall commence, provided that any Intereft, Dividends, or Profits of the faid Undertaking fliall have been paid, in refpeft of fuch Share or Shares, equal to the Difcharge of fuch further Arrear of Intereft, but not other-wife ; and every fuch Grant and Aflignment fhall be valid and effeftual, and fhall have Priority in every refpeft ro ariy Charge or Incumbrance affefting fuch Share or Shares; provided alfo, that no fuch Grant of Aflignment, or any Transfer or Aflignment thereof, fhall be valid unlefs the fame be produced and notified tb the Clerk to the faid Company of Proprietors within Fourteen Davs next after the Date thereof, who fliall enter the fame in a Book to be kept for that Purpofe, for which he fhall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence and no more; but no fuch Grant or Aflignment, or any Transfer or Aflignment thereof, fhall entitle any Perfon to a Right of voting at any Affembly or Meeting of the faid Company of Proprietors.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That it fhall be lawful Power for A for any Perfon or Perfons who now are or hereafter may be entitled to any Mortgage or Mortgages, or other Security, Sum or Sums of Money, dl,ca on the faid Undertaking, and to the Principal and Intereft due thereon, due to thrm and alfo for fuch of the Proprietors of the faid Navigation as hold" any out of Calls. Share or Shares therein, on which a further Sum of Thirty-three Pounds per Share hath been advanced, or any Part thereof, and from whom any Sum or Sums of Money (hall become due and payable to the faid Company of Proprietors, by reafon of any Call or Calls to be made by virtue of this Aft, in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons fliall fo think proper, to deduft the Amount of fuch Call or Calls from the Principal Money and Intereft which fliall be due and owing to him, her, or them refpeftively from the faid Company; and that the Receipt and Receipts of the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Mortgage or Mortgages, or other Security, Sum 01*

Sums of Money, for the Amount of each and every fuch Call and Calls,-fhall, on the Delivery thereof to the Treafurer or Treafurers for the Time being of the faid Company of Proprietors, in cafe fo much Money fliall be due to fuch Perfon or Perfons on fuch Mortgage or Mortgages, or other Security, Sum or Sums of Money, be deemed and taken as the Payment of fuch Call and Calls, and fliall be accepted and taken by the faid Company of Proprietors as fuch ; and that fuch Treafurer or Treafurers fliall endorfe on fuch Mortgage, or enter into his Books a Memo-* randum, Haling how much of fuch Mortgage or other Sum or Sums of Money has been fo difeharged.

XI. And

184

The Company to make the Railroad from Barnby to Silkllon.

Company empowered to collect additional Rates.

Provifo. Ta take fame Dues from Barnby to the Junftion on Goods going Dearne and 13otc, or the Calder, but without affefting the Claufe in former Aft for paying for Six Miles on pnfiing a Lock.

48* GEORGII III. Cap.i$.

XI.	' And be it further enabled. That the faid Company of Proprietor* fliall, and they are hereby ordered, directed, and required, as foon as may be after, the palling of this Aft, to fet out, make, and complete the faid Railroad from the faid Canal near Barnby- to or near Ncrcroft Bridge, and from thence to Silkjlon, in the Line and Direction and under the Authority of the faid recited Aft.

XII.	And whereas, in confideration of the great additional Expence the faid Company of Proprietors have already luilained and been put to in making and completing the faid Canal, and may hereafter fuilain in making and finilhing the Railways and other Works intended to be made, beyond what was eftimated and propofed when the Rates of Tonnage and Wharfage, Craneage and Porterage, payable by virtue of the faid recited Aft, were fettled and fixed, it is reafonable that they Ihould be authorized to collect fome addidonal Rates towards anfwering fuch additional Expence; be it therefore further enafted, That it fliall be lawful for the faid Company of Proprietors (over, above, and in addition to the Rates of Tonnage they are entitled to take and receive by virtue of the faid recited Aft, and over and above and in addition to the Rates of Wharfage, Craneage and Porterage, they are entitled to take and receive by virtue of this Aft)-to afk, demand, take, and recover, for their own proper Ufe and Behoof, for the Tonnage of all Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Coal, Stone, Timber, and other Things which fhall be navigated or conveyed upon or through all or any Part of the faid Canal, or upon any of the Railways thereto belonging, all fuch Sums and Sum of Money as they fliall from Time to Time direft or appoint, not exceeding One Moiety or Half-Part of the Tolls, Rates, and Duties they are now entitled to take and receive by virtue of the faid recited Aft ; which faid additional Tolls, Rates, and Duties hereby granted fliall, and the fame are hereby declared to be veiled in the faid Company, and fliall and may be afeertained, collected, levied, and recovered by fuch and the like Ways and Means, and fliall become due and payable in fuch and the like Proportions and Manner, and ftibjeft to fuch and the like Exemptions, as the Rates of Tonnage granted and made payable to the faid Company of Proprietors in and by the faid recited Aft are thereby direfted to be afeertained, collected, levied, and recovered, and are fubjeft to.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That nothing herein contained fliall at any Time or Times authorize or empower the faid Barn/Iey Canal Company to alk, demand, take, or receive by virtue of this prefent Aft, any higher or additional Toll, Rate, or Duty per Mile for the Tonnage of any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Coal, Stone, Timber, or other Things which fliall be navigated, carried, or conveyed upon or through all or any Part of that Part of the faid Barnjley Canal, commencing at Barnby Bridge, and ending at the Junftion with the Dearne and Dove Canal, at or near Barnjley or upon any of the Railways to the fame Part of the faid Barn/ley Canal, now or hereafter belong-ing, and which fhall pafs into or out of the faid Dearne and Dove Canal, than the Toll Rate or Duty per Mile, which fliall for the then Time being be charged for the Tonnage of the Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Coal, Stone, Timber, or other Things which fliall be navigated, carried, or conveyed upon or througli all or any Part of the laid Part of the laid Barnjley Canal, commencing at Barnby Bridge aforelaid, and ending at the

7	faid

48° GEORGII lit. Cap. 13.	185

raid Junftion with the faid Dearne and Dove Canal, at or near Barfjley aforefaid, or upon any of the Railways now or hereafter to the fame Part belonging without pafling, and which (hall not pafs into or out of the faid Dearne and Dove Canal: Provided always, that nothing in this Aft contained ihall be conftrued to extend to affeft, or in any Manner reftrain or abridge, the Fowers contained in the faid recited Aft for enabling the faid Barnjley Canal Company to charge for the loading in any Boat or Veflfel going up or down the faid Barnjley Canal, which {hall pafs through One or more Locks of the fame Canal without pafling more than Six Miles thereon, as if fuch Boat or Vefi'el had aftually gone the full Length of Six Miles upon the fame Canal.

.	.	,	No adJi-

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing herein tional Rate

contained Ihall authorize or empower the faid Company of Proprietors to t0 be takeu alk, demand, take, or receive by virtue of this prefent Aft, any additional	&rc

Rate or Duty upon Flag Pavingitone, Limeftone, or Lime, navigated upon winch'fha'J ’ the faid Canal, which {Hall previoufly have been navigated or brought up have been the Dearne and Dove Canal Navigation, from Swinton on the River Dun to preyioufly the Junftion of the faid Dearne and Dove Canal with the faid Barnjley the D'earn-" Canal, at or near Barnjley aforefaid.	and Dove ~

>	Canal,

XV.	And whereas the faid Company of Proprietors have expended Power for confiderable Sums of Money in building proper Wharfs, Staiths, Cranes, Company Warehoufes, and Granaries upon the Line of the faid Barnjley Cabal, ^dkional and are liable to and neceflarily put to and incur great Expence in the Rates of keeping and maintaining fufficient and neceflary Clerks, Porters, arfd Craneageand Labourers for the Management, Attendance, and Care thereof relpec-

tively: And whereas the prefent Rates of Craneage and Porterage are p" at> infufficient for the Support of fuch Clerks, Porters, and Labourers fo neceflarily employed in and about the Management, Attendance, and Care of fuch Wharfs, Staiths, Cranes, Warehoufes, and Granaries re-fpeftively as aforefaid; be it therefore enafted, That for the Cranage and Porterage of every' Ton of Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Commodities, and other 1 hings, upon which the Sum of Sixpence per Ton is allowed by the faid recited Aft: to be charged, received, and taken for the Craneage and Porterage thereof, there (hall be charged by and paid to the faid Company of Proprietors, their Agents, Servants, or Wharfingers, from and after the pafling of this Aft, the Sum of One Shilling per Ton for Craneage and Porterage (over and above Tonnage and Wharfage), or fo much thereof as the faid Company of Proprietors Ihall from Time to Time in that Behalf appoint and direft; and further, that for the Craneage and Porterage of each and every Parcel which fhall be of Two hundred Pounds Weight, and fliall not exceed Five hundred Pounds Weight, there Ihall be paid not exceeding the Sum of Sixpence; and for each and every fmall Parcel not exceeding Two hundred Pounds Weight, there Ihall be paid the Sum of Three-pence for each and every fuch Parcel, or fo much thereof as the faid Company of Proprietors fliall from Time to Time in that Behalf appoint and direft.

XVI.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Company of Proprietors, P»yrt'e,nt or their Agents, Servants, or Wharfingers, at any of the faid Wharfs, *r age' Staiths, Warehoufes, or Granaries now erefted or made, or which fliall

be hereafter erefted, made, or ui'ed by the faid Company of Proprietors,

\Loc. & Per3 A	for

tS6

48a GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

for the Ufe and Purpofes of the faid Barn/ley Canal, may afk, demand, and receive, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to ad-:, demand, and receive for Wharfage and Warehoufe Room (in lieu and in the Place of the feveral Sum or Sums authorized to be received by the faid recited Ad for Wharfage and Wharehoufe Room), fuch Sum or Sums of Money over and above what is direded by the faid- recited Ad and by this Ad, to be paid for Craneage and Porterage as they lhall think fit, not exceeding the Sums herem-after mentioned; (that is to fay,)

For every Ton of Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Commodities, and other Things depofited in the Warehoufes or other Buildings of the faid Company (except what are herein-after enumerated), for Warehoufe Rent only, and exclufive of the Craneage and Porterage, —	—	—

And for all Parcels under Five hundred Pounds Weight, for Warehoufe Rent only, —	—

For every Quarter of Corn and Grain of all Kinds, Cole, Rape, Line, Muftard Seed, Apples, Pears, Onions and Potatoes, and Oak Bark, depofited in the Warehoufes or Buildings of the faid Company, for Warehoufe Rent only, and exclufive of Craneage and Porterage. —	—	^	—

For every Ton of Pig Iron, Timber of all Kinds, Stone, Ironfione, Limeftone, and Lime, Flint, Clay, Sand, Bricks, Tiles, Plaifter, Soap Afhes, and all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, Commodities and other Things whatfoever laid upon any Wharfs or Staiths of the faid Company, and not depofited in any Warehoufes or Buildings, for Wharfage only, and exclufive of Craneage and Porterage,	—	—	—

Goods, Sec. not icnniiung more than Four Days.	foi < u ry Day -frer the Expiration of the fidl Four Days.
£■ s. d.	C *• d.
006	OOI
0  0	0  0
OOI	00-^
006	OOI

Which faid laft-mentioned additional Rates and Duties, hereby granted for Whapiage, Craneage, and Porterage, lhall and the fame are hereby declared to be veiled in the faid Company, and fhall and may be afcer-tained, colleded, levied, and recovered by fuch and the like Ways and Means, and lhall become due and payable in fuch and the like Proportions and Manner, and fubjed to fuch and the like Exemptions as the Rates and Duties of Wharfage, Craneage, and Porterage, granted and made payable to the faid Company of Proprietors in and by the faid recited Ad, are thereby direded to be afcertained, colleded, levied, and recovered, and are lubjed to.

Mode of	XVII.	Provided	always,	and	be	it	further enaded. That in all Cafes

charging where there fliall be a Fradion of a Mile in the Difiance which any Boat, Fractions of J3alge> or other Veffel lhall be navigated or pafs upon the faid Canal, or a Mile or a	j)iftance	which	any	Waggon	or	Cart lhall pafs upon the Railways

'Ion'	or 0thdf Roads thereto belonging, or any of them, where fuch Fradion

lhall not be lefs than One Quarter of a Mile, fuch Fradion lhall, in afcertaining the faid Rates, be deemed and considered as a whole Mile;

and

48° GEORGII III.	Cap. 13.	t%1

and that in- all Cafes where there lhall be a Fraction of a Ton in the Weight of Lading in any Boat, Barge, or other Vefl'el fo to be navigated on the faid Canal, a Proportion of the laid Rates (hall be d< mantled and taken by the faid Barnjley Canal Company for fuc'n Fraction, according to the Number of Quarters of a Ton contained therein ; and in all Cafes where there {ball be a Fraction of a Quarter of a Ton in any fuch Weight of Lading as aforefaid, fuch Fraction lhall be deemed and confidered as a whole Quarter of a Ton.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted, That if any Agent, Toll Collector, If an Agent Lock Keeper, Wharfinger, or other Servant of the faid Barnjley Canal ®r * Toll Company, occupying any Houfe, Offices or Buildings, Lands or Tene- an°d•g ments, belonging to the faid Barnfley Canal Company, fhall be difeharged difeharged, from his Office by or by the Order of the faid Barnjley Canal Company refute* to de-or their Committee, and lhall not deliver up the Poffeffion of fuch Houfe,

Offices, Buildings, and Appurtenances, Lands or Tenements, together Houfe, &c. ■with the Books, Papers, and other Matters and Things belonging to the the Juftices faid Barnjley Canal Company, in his Cuftody, Power, or Poffeffion, within niay War-One Calendar Month after Notice of fuch his Difcharge fhall be given to him, or left at fuch Houfe’, Office, or Building $ or if the Wife or Family, removed with or Servant, Inmate, or Representative, Under-tenant, or Affigns, of any his Goods, fuch Agent, Toll Collector, Lock Keeper, Wharfinger, or other Servant, who lhall happen to die, while in the Service of the faid Barnjley Canal Company, lhall refufe to deliver up the Poffeffion of fuch Houfe, Offices,

Buildings, and Appurtenances, Lands, or Tenements as aforefaid, together with the Books, Papers, and other Matters and Things belonging to the faid Barnjley Canal Company, in his, her, or their Cuftody, Power, or Poffeffion, within One Calendar Month after Notice of another Perfon having been appointed in the Place and Stead of the Perfon fo dying, then and in either of the faid Cafes, it lhall be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace for the Limit or Diftrift where fuch Houfe, Offices, and Buildings, Lands, and Tenements, lhall be, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order the Conftable or other Peace Officer or Sheriff’s Officer, with fuch Affiftance as lhall be neceffary, to enter fuch Houfe, Offices, and Buildings, Lands and Tenements, in the Day Time, and to remove the Perfons who lhall be found therein, together with their Goods and Chattels, out of fuch Houfe, Offices, and Buildings, Lands, and Tenements, and to take Poffeffion of the fame Premifes, and all the Books, Papers, Matters, and Things belonging to the faid Barnjley Canal Company, which lhall be found therein, and to deliver Poffeflion of fuch Houfe, Offices, and Buildings, Lands, and Tenements, together with the Books, Papers,

Matters, and Things found therein, belonging to tl;e faid Barnjley Canal Company, to the new appointed Agent, Toll Collector, Lock-Keeper, Wharfinger, or other Servant, or to fuch other Perfon'or Perfons as the faid Barnjley Canal Company or their Committee lhall appoint to receive the fanie.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That it lhall and may be lawful for Company

the faid Barnjley Canal Company, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at any of their General Affemblies, by Writing under their	w

Common Seal, at any Time or Times to let to farm the Rates by the faid

recited Aft and this Act made payable, and which they are hereby empowered to alter as aforefaid, or any Part or Parts thereof, upon the

8	Whole

iS$

Power to detain Boats, Barges, and Waggons, doing any Damage to the Works, until Satisfaction is made.

48‘GEORGII III.	Cap,13.

tVhole dr any Pait or Parts of the faid Canal or Railroad, unto any

Perfon or Perfons for any Term or Terms they fhall think proper, not exceeding Twenty-one Years from the Commencement of anyLeafe; and every fuch Leaie ihal! be valid and effectual; and the Leffee or Leffee^ thereof, and all fuch Perfon or Perfons as fuch Leffee or Leffees fliall appoint to collect and receive the Rates fo let, fhall, during the Continuance of fuch Leafe, be deemed Collectors of the Rates fo let, and fhall have the fame Power and Authority for collecting and recovering the fame, as if they had been appointed for that Purpofe by the faid Barnfiey Canal Company, in purfuance of the faid recited ACt or of this ACt; provi ed publiek Notice of the Intention to let the faid Rates, or any Part thereof, be given by Advertifement in the Sheffield, Wakefield, and Leeds Newfpapers, or any Two of them, or fome other publiek Newfpaper circulated in the County of Tork, or in fuch other Manner as the faid Barnficy Canal Company fhall direct or appoint, at leafl Twenty-one Days prior to any fuch General Affembly at which the faid Rates, or any Part or Parts thereof, are propofed to be let as aforefaid.

XX.	And whereas by the faid recited ACt the Matters or Owners of any Boat, Barge, or Veffel, navigating within the Limits of the faid Navigation, and the Matters or Owners of any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, patting along the faid Railways or other Roads, are thereby made anfwerable, as therein mentioned, for any Damages, Spoil, or Mifchief, which (hall be done by them or any of them refpeCtively unto the faid Navigation, or any of the Works belonging thereto, contrary to the Directions and ReftriCtions in the faid ACI: contained : And whereas the faid Navigation and Works -would be more effectually protected, if the faid Company of Proprietors were enabled to detain the Veffel or Cart of the Perfon or Perfons who fhall commit any Spoil or Mifchief until alt Damages and Cofts, to be given and ascertained as in the faid ACt is directed, be fully paid and fatisfied ; be it therefore enaCted, That from and after the patting of this ACt, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Barnfiey Canal Company, their Agents, Lock Keepers, and Servants, or any Perfon or Perfons by their Order, to detain and keep any Boat, Barge, or other Veffel navigating within the Limits of the faid Barnfiey Canal, and alfo any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, pafTing along the faid Railways or other Roads, in all Cafes where Damage, Spoil, or Mifchief fhall be done to the Lid Canal, or Works belonging thereto, by any fuch Boat, Barge, or other Veffel, or by any fuch Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, or by the Matter, Owner, or Boatmen, Watermen, or Driver of or belonging to cr employed in or about the fame refpeCtively, until full Satisfaction be made to the faid Company of Proprietors for fuch Damages, Spoil, or DettruCtion, according to the Order or Determination of the Juttice or Juftices of the Peace before which the Offender fhall be convicted, or of any Court of Record at IVefiminfier in which the Offender fhall be fued, as the Cafe may be.

Peualty on XXI. And be it further enaCted, That if any Boat, Barge, or other Perfons Veffel going up or down the faid Canal fhall pafs the Firlt Lock at Barugh, guilty of wil- ■■ Firft Lock at Walton, or the Firft Lock at Jlgbrigg, upon the faid * aflln' die1 Barnfiey Canal, and the Matter Boatman or Owner of fuch Boat, Barge, Looks. or Veffel fliall not proceed immediately and without Delay through all the remaining Locks of the faid CanaL, next unto fuch Firlt Lock at thofe

refpecUve

48*GEORGII III. Viphp	169

reipecHvc 'Phees through which he may have Occafion to pafs (except where fuch Delay is or (hall be occafioned by the loading or unloading of fuch Boat, Barge, or Veffel, or in Cafes of Misfortune or inevitable Accident), that then and in every fuch Cafe the Mailer Boatman or Owner of every fuch Boat, Barge, or other Veffel fhall, on Conviction of the Offence before any Juftiee of- the Peace for the County, Riding, Liberty, or Place where any fuch Offence fhall be committed, either by the Con-feflion of the Party or Parties offending, or upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes (which Oath or Oaths fuch Jultice is hereby empowered and required to adminifter), pay to the faid Company of Proprietors, their Agents or Servants, the Damages to be afeertained by fuch Juftiee, provided fuch Damages do not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds; and alfo fhall, over and above fuch Damages, forfeit and pay to the Informer any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, nor lefs than Ten Shillings, and all Colts, Charges, and Expences attending fuch Conviction ; which Damages, Penalties, and Colts fhall be levied by Diltrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Mailer Boatman, Owner or Owners of fuch Boat, Barge, or other Velfel, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of fuch Jultice, and the Overplus (if any), after fuch Penalties, Damages, and the Colts and Charges of fuch Diltrefs and Sale are deducted, fhall be returned upon Demand to the Mailer Boatman or Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels.

XXII. And be it further enaCted, That if any Money fhall be agreed ^PP1^1*0" or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fat;0°™hjn" purchafed, taken, or ufed by virtue of the Powers of the faid recited ACt exceeding or this ACt, for the Purpofes thereof, which fhall belong to any Corpora- ^ool. tion, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Perfon or Pcrfons under any Difability or Incapacity, as in the faid ACt mentioned, fuch Money fhall, in cafe the fame fhall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Company of Proprietors of the Barnjley Canal Navigation, together with the Name of Three of the Commiflioners for executing the faid ACt> to the Intent that fuch Money lhall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the laid Court, to be fignined by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a luminary Way, by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe of the Land Tax, or towards the Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the faid Court fhall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affeCting other Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments handing fettled therewith to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents, or Purpofes; or where fuch Money lhall not be fo applied, then the fame lhall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, which (hall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trufts, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner, as the Meffujtges, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which lhall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid, Itood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the lime of making luch Conveyance and Settlement fhall be exilting undeteimined and capable of t [Lor. Csf Per.]	3	B	taking

190

Application when the Compenfa-tion does not exceed 200I. nor lefs than 20].

Application where the Money is lefs than 20I.

In cafe of not making out Titles, or if Perfonj cannot be found, Purchafe Money to be

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

taking F.ffeft; and in the mean Time and until fuch Purchafe /hall be made, the faid Money (hall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be invefted by the faid Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the faid Bank Annuities fhall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities fhall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the faid Court, to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments fo hereby directed to be purchafed, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under Difability or Incapacity as aforefaid, fhall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and fhall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame (hall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their relpeftive Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or othervvife the fame fhall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Truftees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Two or more of the faid Commiffioners (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that fuch Principal Money, and the Dividends arifing thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, fo far as the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXIV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That where fuch Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned fhall be lefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame (hail be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes of this Aft, as the faid Commiffioners, or any Two or more of them, fhall think fit; or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, and to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpeftively.

XXV.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money fhall be ordered to be paid as aforefaid, fhall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes, to the Satis-faftion of the faid Commiffioners, or any Two of them, or fhall refufe to execute fuch Conveyance or Conveyances; or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money fhall be fo ordered to be

1	paid

4b°GE0RGII III, Cap. 13.

paid as aforefaid cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to iuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or difcovered, then and in every fuch Cafe it ftiali be lawful for the faid Commit honors, or any Two or more of them, to order the faid Sum or Sums Jo awarded to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments \defcribing them\, fubjeft to the Order, Controul, and Difpofition of the faid Court; which faid Courr, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition* fhall be and is hereby empowered, in a fummary Way of Proceeding, or otherwife as to the faid Court fhall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, or to order Diftribution thereof or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpeftive Eftate or Eftates, Title or Intereft, of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court fhall feem juft and reafonable; and the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England, who fhall receive iuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums, mentioning and fpecifying for what and forwhofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

XXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Queftion fhall avife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of this Aft, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Eftate, Right, or Intereft in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed in purfuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any fuch Money, or to the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who fhall have been in PofTeffion of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the PofTeffion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, fhall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch PofTeffion, until the contrary fhall be fhewn to the Satisfaction of the faid Court of Chanceiy ; and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, fhall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it fhall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch PofTellion was a wrongful PofTeffion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein.

XXVII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That where, by reafon of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed under the Authority of this or the faid recited Aft, the Purchafe Money for the fame fhall be required to be paid into the faid Court, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be fettled to the like Ufes in purfuance thereof refpeftively, it fhall be lawful for

191

paid into the Bank; fubiedl to the Order of the Court of Chancery, by Motion or Petition.

Ca/hier of the Bank to gire a Recept for fuch Money.

Where any Queftion lhall arife touching the Title to Money to be paid, the Perfon who fhall be in PofTellion of the Lands, &c. at the Time of fuch Purchafe, fhall be deemed entitled thereto according to fuch Poffef-fion.

The Court may order reafonable Expences of Purchafet to be paid by the Trufteci.

192

For paying the Expences of the Aft.

Publick Aft.

4S#GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

the faid Court to order the Expences of all Purchafes from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of this Ad, or fo much of fuch Expences as the Court lhall deem reafonable, together with the necelfary Cods and Charges of obtaining fuch Order, to be paid by the faid Commiflioners, or any Two or more of them, who lhall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court lhall dired.

XVIII. And be it further enaded. That the Cods and Charges of the obtaining and palling this Ad, and all other Colts, Charges, and Expences relating to or concerning the fame, lhall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the faid Barnjley Canal Company, out of the Money received or raifed, or to be received or raifed, by virtue of the faid recited Ad or of this Ad.

XXIX. And be it further enaded, That this Ad lhall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Ad, and lhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Jultices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Primers to the King’s molt Excellent Majelty. 1808.

J



ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

***###*#******»*###*******«**####*###***#***###

Cap. 14.

An A& to continue feveral A&s for granting a Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon Ale and Beer brewed in the Town of Aberbrothock, in the County of Forfar.	[28th	March	1808.]

WHEREAS an Aft was patted in the Eleventh Year of the Reign

of his late Majefty King George the Second, intituled. An Aft uG.». c.4. for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which [hall be brewed for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Aberbrothock and Liberties thereof: And whereas another Aft was patted in the Third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Adi for *G- J- c-»** continuing an Adi, pajfed in the Eleventh Tear of his late Majejly King George the Second, intituled, ‘ An Adi for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or * One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer * which J,hall be brewed for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or fold, within * the Town of Abrrbrothock and Liberties thereof:' And whereas another Aft was patted in the Twenty-l'evrnth Year of the Reign of His prefent ‘J0-*- c <s-Majefty, intituled. An Adi for continuing the Term of Two Adis made in the Eleventh Tear of the Reign of his late Majejly Kin* George the Second, and the Third Tear of the Reign of His prefent Majejly, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which Jhall be brewed for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Aberbrothock and Liberties thereof:

And whereas the Money arittng by the faid Duty hath been applied [Lot. (ft Per.]	3 c	according

194-

Adt* further continued.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

according to the Directions of the faid Ads; but the Purpofcs for which the laid Duty was granted are not yet completed, and a con-fiderable Debt is now owing on the Credit of the faid Ads, which cannot be paid off ar.d the necefiary Works by the faid Ads direded to be done, carried on, and complcated, unlefs the Terms and Powers by the faid former Ads granted, be enlarged ; May it therefore pleafe Ycur Majefty, That it may be enaded ; and be it enaded by the King’s mull Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, artd by the Authority of the fame, That the Impofuion and Duty granted and made payable by the faid recited Ads, upon Ale and Beer brewed, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the faid Town of Aberbrotbock or Liberties thereof, (hall, from and after the Expiration of the Term by the laid laft recited Ad granted, be further continued, raifcd, levied, collected, paid, and made payable to the Provolt, Magiltrates, and Town Council of the faid Town cf Aberlrcthock, and their Succeffors in Office for the Time being, for the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of ihe then next Seffion of Parliament.

Duty to be paid during additional Term.

Drawback on Beer fold out of th*. Town and Liberties.

Overfeers of the Duty.

II.	And be it enaded, That the aforefaid Impofuion or Duty (hall, during the additional Term by this Ad granted, be raifed, levied, and collected, from the fame Perfons, and by the fame Means and Methods, and under the fame Penalties and Forfeitures, and be accounted for, paid, and applied to and for the fame Ufes and Purpofes; and that the Pro-voft, Magiltrates, and Town Council of the faid Town of Aberbrotbock, be and continue Truftees for fuch Applications, with the fame Powers, and fubjed to she fame Rules and Dirtdions as are mentioned and declared in the faid recited ACEs; and that the faid recited Ads, and every Authority, Power, Article, Claufe, Matter, and Thing therein contained, Ihali be of the fame Foice and Effed to all Intents and Purpofes for raifing, collecting, fecuring, and levying, the laid lmpolition or Duty, and for applying the fame fortheUfes and Purpofes mentioned in the faid recited Ads, fo far as the fame are not already executed, for and during the additional Term hereby granted, as fully and effectually as if the faid former Ads were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this prefent Ad.

III.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded, That a Drawback of the faid Duty ffiall be allowed, and paid by the Provoli, Magiltrates, and Town Council of the faid Town of Aberbrotbock, and their Succeffbrs in Office, Collectors and Affigns, on all Ale and Beer, which ffiall be brewed within the faid Town and Liberties thereof, and which ffiall be proved to the Satisfadion of the faid Provoft, Magiltrates, and Town Council of the faid Town, and their Colledors and Afligns, to have,been exporred and fold to Perfons living without the faid Town and the Liberties thereof, and not liable to the faid Duty.

IV.	And be it further enaded. That from and after the palling of this Act, the Honourable William Maule of Panmare, Juries Farquhar, of Inverbervie, George Dimpjler of Dumticben, John Erjkine of Dunn, Alexander Stracban of ‘Tarry, John Frafer of Hcfpitalfiid, William Henderfon of Lawton, Robert Relland of Auchmithie, James Mttdie of Pi:metres, the Members of Parliament fbr the County of Forfar, and for the Diltrict of

4	Boroughs,

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

Boroughs, whereof Aberbrothock is one, or any Three or more of them, (hall be and are hereby appointed Overfeers otthe Duty hereby continued and granted, and of the Application thereof, in place and ft:ad of the Overlcers appointed by the laid recited Acts, and fhall have and are hereby vetted with the fame Powers and Authorities as are in and by the above recited Adts granted and given to the former Overfeers as well as the other Powers hereby given ; any Thing in the faid former Acts to the contrary thereof in anywife nothwithftanding.

*95

V.	And be it further enadted, That the faid Overfeers, or any Three Meeting of or moreofthem, fhall meet in the Council Chamber of the faid Town of Oveifeew. Aberbrothock, upon the Second Day of May One thoufand eight hundred

and eight, and fhall then and from Time to Time afterwards adjourn themfelvcs, and meet at the fame or any other Place within the Town of Aberbrothock, as often as they (hall think necefiary.

VI.	And be it further enadted, That this Adt fhall be deemed and taken public Act. to be a Public Adt, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as luch by

^11 Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty. 1808.



►‘r4	.	H



'

i tf







an ir^so^o •£*	8ei

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

.

Cap. is.

An Ad: for making and maintaining a Road from Leeds to Roundhay, in the Weft Riding of the County of York.	[a8th March 1808.]	•

WHEREAS the making, maintaining, and keeping in Repair a Turnpike Road from Leeds, in the Weft Riding of the County of Tork, to commence at or near a certain Turnpike Bar called Sheepjar Bar, in a Field called South SheepJcar, the Property of the Right Honourable Peter Leopold Louis Francis Najfau Clavering Cowper Earl Cowper, and palling into and over the Eaft Side of a certain Farm called Bujhy Field HouJe, belonging to the faid Earl Cowper, acrofs a certain Lane called The Hare Hills Lane, to and through the North Weft Side of Gibton IVood, in the Townfhip of Potternewton cum Gibton, and from thence to a Bridge lately erefted in the Townlhip of Roundhay called Roundhay Bridge, all in the Weft Riding of the County of Tork. would be of greac Advantage and Convenience to the Land Owners and Inhabitants of the adjacent Country, and of Public Utility; buc as the fame cannot be effefted without th^ Authority of Parliament; may it therefore pleafe Your Mijefty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty by and with the Advice and Confenc of the Lords Spiritual and 1 cmporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affrtn- XruBet»-bird, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Honourable Edward Spencer Cowper, Charles Cowper, James Graham, John Dixon, the Mayor, Recorder, and Aldermen for the Time being of the Borough of L eds,

Thomas N.chilfon, Samuel Elam, Thomas Strother, James Brown, James Brown the younger, Edward Bro ke, John Brantley, Robert Elam, John Wiliam Elam, James Entwijlle, Jojhua Field the younger, William Green-[toe. (s P.r.]	3 D	wood.

198

Eltflion of new Trulteei.

Quali^eation of Tiufteet.

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

wood, William Glover, John Grainger, John Gilpin, John Hebbkthwaite, John nowarih Martin Hind, "Jonathan Lupton, Samuel Lapage, JoJepb Medley, James Ruba dfon. John Sowden, IVtllam Wejlerman, Griffith Wright, Junior, and their Succcffors, to he elefted in Mar ner herein-, fier mentioned, (hall be and they are hereby appointed Truft. es for m iki .g, maintaining, altering, repaiijng, and improving the laid Road, and that they oranyFiye or more of them, at fuch Meeting or Meetings a> hereinafter direfted, unlefs where othcrmle herr in-afe r fpecified, Ih 11 and may and are hereby authorised and empowered to carry this Aft, and ail he Matters and Things herein contained or directed to be done by the laid Tiufte.s, into Execution and EfFcft.

If. And be it further e.ne&ed, That upon the Death, Refufal, or Dif-abiliiy of any of the laid Trultecs heieby appointed, or t‘ eir Succiffirs (to be defied in Manner herein mentioned) to eft in the Execution < f ihia Act, then and in every fuch C-fe it fhall and may be lawful to a d fur the fufvivmg or remaining Truftces from Time to Time to elect and q point one other Pcrfon to be a Truftce in the Room of each Truftec lo dy ng or refufing or being incapable of afting, and Notice of the Tmv ana Place of the Meeting t revery fuch Election, fhall by iheCieik rorhe I .id I ' offers for theTime being, be interred in f me Newlpajxr or Newtp.p-rs publifhed in the f iid Welt Ri ling of the County of Tork, ai d fhall be fhxcd on all and every the Turnpike Gates that ihalt be It..riding • n the fan’ I< ad at Jcaft Ten Days before fuch Meeting ; and every Pcrfon fo elected a new Trufteeas aforftaid, being qualified as hercin-after mentioned, Iliad be and he is hereby empowered io aft in the Execution of this Act to ail Intents and Purpcfes in as full and ample Manner as the Tiuflce in whole Room or fitead he fh^d have been fo elected.

III.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That no Pcrfon fhall be capable of afting as a Truftee in the Execution of this Aft unicl-- hr lhall be in his own Right or in the Right of his Wife in the aftual Poffflion or Keceij t of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of Furry Pounds, or be pjfiellea of or en iiltd t > a Pcrfonal Efta e alone, or Re.d and Perlonal together, of the Va.ue of Eight hundred Pounds, or (ball be Heir Apparent of lome Pcrfon puff IT d of an Eftate in Land of the clear yearly Value of One hunched Pounds, nor (ball any fuch Pei Ion be capable of afting in the Execution of this Aft, fave and except in adminift ring the Oaih fulow. ing to the other Truftces, until he (not being loch Heir Apparent as afotclai ) (hill have taken and fublcribed the Oatn following Octoie any Two or more of the fa d Tiultees, who are hereby authorized and required to adminifter the fame; (chat is to faj),

« T	do	(wear. That I truly and land fide am in my own

*	Right [or, in Right of my Wile, as the Cafe may be] in the aftual

*	Ptff firm <>i Enj yment of Lands, I encmcius, or Hereditaments of me

*	clear yea ly V.lue of Forty Pounds, or pofleffed of or entitled to a

*	Per'onal E'late alone, or Real and Perlonal together, of the Amount

*	or Value of Eight hundred Pounds.	So help me GOD.’

And if any Perlon not being fo qualified (hall aft as a Truftee in the Execution of this Aft, every fuch Pcrfon fhall for every fuchOffcr.ee forfeit ann pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Pcrfon or Pcrfons who fhail fue for the lame, to be recovered in any of His Majelty’s Courts of

Record

4«° georgii rn. '&%>.t$.

feecord by Aftionof Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Efi'oign, Proteftion, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance fhall be allowed; and every (uch Perfon fo fued-r profecuted ihall prove that he as qualified as aforeiaid, or otherwise Ttall pay the laid Penalty, without any other Proof on the Parc of the Plaintiff or Pro-■frcutoi than that I tic n Perfon hath afted as a Truftee in the Execution of this Aft: Provided ncverthelefs, -that all Acts and Proceedings of any Pertbn or Prrforrs aftihg as -a Truftee or Truftees in fhc Exrcurion of this Aft, tnough not duly qualified as afoitfaid previous to his or their being convicted of the laid CffencJ, Ih'H, WotW'fthftandWib fitch Conviction, be as good, valid, and effeftual as if fuch P rfon or Pcrluns had been qualified according to the Direftions of this Aft.

IV.	Provided always, and be it ehffted, That no Perfon or Perfons who lhall keep any Viftualling Hotife or other Haufe of public Entertain*-inent, or who (ball fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer, A e, Spirituous or other flrong Liquors by Retail, lhall be capable of afting as a Trull re, or of taking, holding, or enjoying any Place or Places of Trull or Profit under the laid Truflees, or of collecting the Tolls hereby g'antrd and made payable and to be collefted on the laid Road, during fuch Time as he, lhe, or ihey (hall keep fuch Viftualling Hou e, Alehoufe, cf other Houfe of public Entertainment, or (hall fell any Wine, Cvder, B;rr, Ale,

Spirituous or other (trong Liquors by Retail; but no fuch Perfon (hall be

rccluded from farming fuch Tolls, provided he, (he, or they employ a eifon or Perfjns to colleft fuch Tolls who (hail not be under any luch Incapacity.

V.	And be it further enafted, That fuch of the faid Truftees as are or Truftee* may {ball be Juftices of the Peace, fhall and may in their refpeftive JurifdictLns, «c*pt wi-eiV* and they are hereby empowered to act as Juft ces of the Peace in thcExe- atertfted. cution of this Act, notwithftahding their being Truftees, except only in

fuch Cafes where they fhall be perfonally interefted.

VI.	And be it further enacted. That the faid Truftees or any Five or Time of more of them (ball and they are hereby authorized and empowered to meet together at the Hotel in Leeds aforefaid, on the Second Tuefday next after

the paffing of this Act, or as foon after as conveniently may be, at Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, and proceed to the Execution of this Act, and fhall then adjourn thrmfelves, and fiom Time to Time afterwards meet at and again adjourn to fuch Place near to the laid Road as they the faid T Truftees or any Five or more of them lhall think proper; and the faid dtfr.i> - heir Trultets at all their Meetings (hall defray their own Expences.	0"" Ex‘

VII.	And it is hereby declared. That all Orders and Determinations Or nof made at any Meeting of the Lid Truftees (hall be made by a M jority ^"tr^I"elin8 of theTruftees then prefent; and no Older or Deicmination (hall be re. voice? by voked or altered at any fubfequenc Meeung unlrfs N ne Truftres (hall be *no'ber,«x. prefent, anc Two-thirds of them (hall decide in Favour of fuch Revocation tadicafeV' or Alteration, and unlefs the Perfon or Pc rf.jns apply ng to revoke or alter

any fuch Order, (hall give Notice thereof in Wr ting to the Clerk or Clerks or to the Perfon or Perfons afting as Treafurcr or Treafuiers to the (aid Trultees, to be by him or them affixed and inlcrtcd in Mamer 9	herein*

AH Acts of Truft e* not qu lined, it one i* lore Conviction, Valid.

Victuallers, &c incapable of acting.'

4200

Meetings on Emergencies.

Truftee* to appoint Oi-ft cere.

Officers to account*

Proceeding*

again ft Qrfi-cers r tuGng to account or dtliv:r B^oks, &«.

4$° GEORGII III. Cap. 15:

hercin-be rrre dircftcd wi h refpcft to Notices for the Election of New Truf" tec-, at Irait Ten Days previous to any Meeting.

Vili. And be it further enafted, That if after Adjournment of any Meeting ot the laid Trultees, it lhall be thought neceifary that an earlier Day of Meeting fhuulcl be appointed than the Day appointed by any Adjournment, or if for want of a proper A ijournni'-nt, or otherwife it fhail be nrceffiry to call a Meeting of the faid Truftc< s, the Clerk or Cleiks to the faid Truftees, upon an Order in Writing figned by Three or more of them, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpofe of fuch Meeting, (hall forthwith give Notice thereof in the Manner before dhefted, and cf the Time and Place which (hall be mentioned in the Order of the faid Truftees (luch Time not being left. than Ten Days after fuch Notice) and fuch Mertii g (hall and may be held accordingly, and all the Proceedings of the Tiuft es at all fuch Meetings (hall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in cafe luch Meetings had been held in purfuance of Adjournmcnr.

IX. Aid be it further enadted. That the Did Truftees (hall and may at their hi (I or any fubfequent Meeting by Writ ng under thrir Hands, elect and appoint a Clerk or Clerks, Treafureror Trealurers, Receiver or R-cevns, C lftftor or Co.lcftors of the Tofts by this Aft granted, and (hall take lu( h Security from fuch Trcafurer o: Treafurcrs, Receiver or Receivers, Colli ftor or Collectors, for the due and fathful Execution of his or their Office or Offices, as the faid Truftees (hall think fir, and (h 1 alio cleft and appoint a Surveyor or Surveytrs, and fuch other Officers as the faid Tiuftees lhall think proper, and alfo may tiom Time to Time remove luch Cleiks, Treafurcrs, Collr-ftors, Receivers, Surveyors, and other Officers, or any of thtm, as the faid Tiuftees (hall lee Occafion, and appoint othcis in the room of fuch of them as fhail be fo removed, or (hall die, rtfign, or refufeor negltft to perform or became incapable of performing their Duty ; and the faid Truftees (hall and may, out of the Monty to be raifrd and received by virtue cf this Aft, give iuch Salaries or make fuch Allowance to the Clerks, Trealurers, Receivers, Collectors, Sui vcy< ri or other Officers fo appointed, for and in Confideration of the Care and Pains reflectively taken in the Execution of their tefpeftive Offices, and to fuch other Ferk>ns who (hall be affifting in and about the Execution of th s Aft, as to them the faid Truftees lhall frem proper; and all luch Officers and other Perfons (hall upon their refpeftive Oaths, if thereunto required by the faid Truftees (which Oaths the laid Truftees or any one or more cf them are and is hereby empowered to adminifter) from Time to Time and as often as they lhall be called upon for that Purpofe, produ* c and give up to fuch Truftees, full, true, and ptrfeft Accounts in Writing under tlieir refptftive Hands, of all Monies which (hall have been by them refpeftivdy had, received, or collefted, and how, to whom and for what Purpofcs fuch Monies and every Part thereef (hall have been pa d, dd'pofed of, or applied, together with proper Receipts and Vouchers tor fuch Payments, and (hall and are hereby refpeftivdy required to pay all fuch Monirs as lhall appear to be in their refpeftive Hands, to the faid Truftees, or to fuch Prrfon Or Perfons, or for fuch Ufes and Purpoles as they lliail tiireft and appoint; and if fuch Officer of Peifon (being required fo to d ) lhall refufe or neglcft to render and give up or verify upon Oath fuch Account or Accounts as aforefaid, or to ptoduce and deliver op to

48° GE ORGII III. Cap. i5.	2pj

the faid Truftees the Receipts and Vouchers relating to the fame, or to pay as aforefaid any Sum or Sums of Money which lhall appear to remain in his or their Hands, or lhall not deliver to the faid Truftees, within Ten Days after being thereunto required by them, all the Books, Papers, and Writings in his or their Cuftcdv or Power, relating to the Execution of this Aft, then and in any of the laid Cafes any one or more of the Juf-ticesof' the Peace for the Riding, Town, or Place wherein fuch Officer or Perfon fhail be and refide, fhail, upon Complaint of the faid Truftees or of any one or more of them, or by luch Perfen or Petlons as they or any one or more of them lhall appoint for that Purpofe, ifiue a Summons under his or their Hand or Hands for futh Officer or Perfon to appear before him or them, and upon his appearing, or having been fummoned and not appearing, or not being to be found, lhall make Enquiry concerning fuch Default, and hear and determine the Matter in a fummary Way, and if upon the Confcffion of the Party, cr by the Teftimony of one or more credible Witnefs or Witnefles upon Oath (which Oath fuch Juftice or Jul-ticcs is and are hereby em| owered and required to adminifter without Fee or Reward) it fhail appear to fuch Juftice or juftiecs that any of the Monies which lhall have been raifed or collefted under this Aft, fhail icmain due from luch Officer or Peifjn, fuch Juftice or Jultices may and he and they is and aie hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by sVarraint under hE or their H .nd and Seal or Hands and Seals, to caufe P ch Money to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of ihe Goods and Chatcelsof fuch Offictr or Peifonj and if no Goods or Chattels of luch Officer or Perfon can be found lufficient to fatisfy the faid Monty and the Charges of diftraining and idling the faid Goods and Chattels, or if any luch Officer or Pcrloi fhail be convifted of any other of the Offences aforct-id, fuch Juftice or Juftices lhall and may commit luch Officer or Perion tu the Common Gaol tithcr for the faid Weft Riding or for the B trough uf Leeds, or cf lu h Riding, Town, or P,acc as afoiefaid, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until fuch Offictr or Perion lhall give and make a true and pciftft Account, and verify the fame as aforeiaid, and make luch P. ymentas aforefaid, or until he (hail have compounded with the laid Truftees for theftme, and lhall have paid fuch Compofit'on Money to the faid Truftees or their Treafurer or Treafurers (which Compoiition the laid Truftees are hereby empowered to make and accept) or until luch Oific. r or Peifon fhail have delivered up luch Books, Papers, and Writ- . ings as aforeiaid, or given Satisf iftion in refprft thereof to the laid Trul-ttes: Provided always, ihat no fuch Officer or other Perion fo commirted as atoreiaid fh..U or confined or detained in Prilon by virtue of this Act for any longei Sp.ice of Time than Six Calendar Months.

X.	And be it further enafted, That when and as often as any Col- Truftees may leftor or Rereiver of the Tolls lhall die, neglcft or refute to perform or become incapable of performing his Duty, or lhall abfeond or abtent him- app-unt re.n-felf, it fhail be lawful for any Three or more of the inid Truftees, alchough poiary 0"c5-not aftemble i at a Meeting of the faid Truftees to be appointed by virtue of this Aft, to difeharge luch Colleftor or'Receiver fo negleftingor refuting to pcif irm cr incapable cf performing his Duty, or aoltonding or ab enting hiir.felf, and nominate and appoint a proper Perfon to be a Collector or Receiver of the laid Tolls (to continu • until the then next Meeting of the faid Truftees) in the Stead of fuch Co.lector or Receiver as lhall Jo die or be difeharged ; and fuch Peifon fo nominated and appointed (hall have th- I k- l ower and Authority, and be aufwerable and accountable in [Luc. & Per.'}	3	E	the

201

Collectors refilling to deliver up Toll Houle.

Jultices em-

poueieH to grant Warrant, and Conftable to enter and in-move fuch Collector!'

Truftees may erect Toll Hcufes, fee.

Toll*.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

the fame Manner in all Refpe&s as the Pcrfon who (hall fodie or be dil*-charged would have had or been fubjeft to; and that if any Colle&oror Receiver of the laid Tolls who fhall be difeharged from his Office by virtue of this Aft, or the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or other Reprefentaiivcs of any Collector or Receiver who (hall die or be difeharged, or any other Perfon or Perfons, lhall refufe to deliver up the P< Hellion of any Toll Houfe or Building to be ere&ed or fet up on the faid R ad for the Space of Four Days after Demand thereof rnade and Notice in Wri ing given for that Purpofe by any Three or more of the faid Truf-tees (although not affembled at a Meeting) or by their Clerk or Clerks, Treafurer or Treafurers, then and in any of the faid Cafes it (hall be lawful for any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace for the faid Weft Riding, or for the faid Borough of Leeds, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hand1 and Seals, to order any Conftable or other Peace Officer for the faid Riding or Borough, with fuch Affiftanceas may be neceffary, to enter fuch Hou(e or Building in the Day Time, and to remove the Perfon or Perfons who lhall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods out of the fame, and to put the faid Truftees, or any Three or more of them, or fuch new-appointed Colledor or Receiver, into the Puffcffion thereof.

II. And be it further enaded, That the faid Truftees (hall and may from Time to Time caufe to be ereded and fet up fuch and fo many Turnpikes or Toll Gates in, upon, acrofs or on the Side or Sides of any Part oi Parts of the faid Road, and acrofs any Lane or Way leading into, from or out of the fame, and alfo fuch Toll Houfe or Iloufes, Weighing Engine or Engines to each Gate or Turnpike, or otherwife as they lhall think necefiary, with fuitable Out-buildings thereto, and alfo may inclofe from the faid Road convenient Garden Spots to the faid Toll Houfes, as they may judge proper, and may caufe any fuch Turnpikes, Toll Gates, Toll Houles, Weighing Engines, or other Buildings from Time to Time to be taken down, removed, or altered, as they (hall judge proper; which faid Turnpikes, Toll Houfes, Weighing Engines, and Buildings, and all Materials for making or repairing the fame, are hereby veiled in the Lid Truftees; and that the following Sums of Money (hail and may be demanded and taken as Tolls, before any Horfe, Cattle, or Carriage lhall be p-rmitted to pafs through any fuch Turnpikes or Toll Gates refpeflively (that is to fay);

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Curricle, Chaife, Caladi, or other fuch like Carriage, or Hearfe, drawn by Six Horfes or other Beads ol Draught, Two Shillings and Sixpence ; and drawn by Four Horfes or other Beads of Draught, One Shilling and Sixpence ; and drawn by Two Horfes or other Beafts of Draught, Nine pence; and drawn by One Horfe or other Beaft of Draught, Sixpence :

And for every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other fuch like Carriage having the Fellies of the Wheels of lefs Breadth than Six Inches, and drawn by Four Horfes, or other Beafts of Draught, Two Shillings; and drawn by Three Horfes or other Beafts of Draught, One Shilling and Nine-pence; and drawn by Two Horfes or other Beafts of Draught One Shilling and Three-pence; and drawn by One Horfe or other Bead of Draught, not laden with Coals, Sixpence :

And for every Waggon, Wain, Carr, or other fuch like Carriage drawn by One Horfe or other Beaft of Draught, and laden with or going

for

20$

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

for or returning empty after having been only laden with Coals, Cinders, or Lime, One-Half of the Toll above charged upon any Waggon, Wain, or Cart drawn by One Horfe, and not laden with Coals:

And for every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other fuch like Carriage having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches or more, not ladrn with or going empty for pr returning empty after having been laden only with Coals, Cinders, or Lime, and drawn by Six or more Horfes or other Beads of Draught, Three Shillings; and drawn by Five Horfes or other Beads of Draught, Two Shillings and Sixpence; and drawn by Four Horles or other Beads of Draught, pne Shilling and Sixpence ; and drawn by Three Horles or other Bead* of Draught, One Shilling and Three-pence; and drawn by Two Horfes or other Beads of Draught, Nine-pence; and drawn by One Horfe or other Bead of Draught, Sixpence:

And for every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other fuch like Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches or more, going for or laden with or returning empty after having been laden with Coals, Cinders, or Lime only, and drawn by Four or more Horfes or other Beads of Draught, One Shilling; and drawn by Three Horfes or other Beads of Draught, Nine-pence; and drawn by Two Horfes or other Beads of Draught, Sixpence; and drawn by One Hotfe ot other Bead of Draught, Three-pence:

For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs laden or unladen and not drawing. One Penny Halfpenny :

And for every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or neat Cattle, One Shilling per Score; and fo in Proportion for any lefs Number:

And for every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, or Swine, Sixpence per Score; and fo in Proportion for any lefs Number :

Which faid refpedive Tolls fhall be and are hereby veded in the faid Tiudees ; and if any Perfon or Perfons fubjed to the Payment of any of the laid Tolls, Ihall after Demand thereof made by any Colltdor or Collectors to be appointed as aforefaid, negled or refufe to pay the fame or any Part thereof, it (hall be lawful for the faid refpeftive Collectors of the Tolls, or other Perfon or Perfons whom they or any of them fliall take to th-ir Affidance therein, to feize and didrain any Horfe, Bead, or other Cattle upon which any fuch Tolls are by this Ad impofed, belonging to any Perlon or Perfons fo negleding or refufing or liable to pay the Tolls as aforefaid (excepc the Bridle or Reins of any fuch Horfe or other Bead, feparate front fuch Horfe or other Bead) ; and if fuch Tolls and the reafonable Charges of fuch Seizure and Dtlfrefs, and of detaining and keeping the fame, fhall not be paid within the Space of Four Days next after fuch Seizure and Didrefs made, the Perfon or Perfons fo feizing and didraining Ihall and may Icll the Horfe or other Bead or Cattle fo leized an diltr. ir.ed, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand to the Owner thereof, after fuch Tolls and all reafonable Charges (hail be deduded.

XII.	An 1 it is hereby further enaded and declared. That no Perfon (hall be liab c t* ■ pay nv>re than once for palling or repaffing at any Time or Times in any (J c Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve id ti e Clock in the fucceeding Night) with the fame Horfes, Cattle, or Carnages refpedively through any of the Turnpikes to be ereded by virtue oi this Act, but that any Perfon after having paid Toll once, and

producing

No mar- than One Toll to be taken la One Day.

204-

Truftees may reduce the Tolls,

and afterwards advance tiiem again to any Sum rot ex ceedin. »'e Ratss before granted, provided no Reduce on be made without the Confrnt of Creditors.

Tolls m?y be let.

Leflcei of Tells may appoint t > r« iijits to re. ccive the kmc.

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

producing a Note or Ticket denoting fuch Payment, fhall afterwards be permitted to pafs with every fuch Horfe, Cattle, or Carriage Ti 11-free during fuch Day, through any of the faid Turnpikes fur which iuch Peifon or Perfons (hall have fo paid Toll once during fuch Day, which Note or Ticket the Colleftors of the Tolls are hereby required to deliver gratis on Receipt of the Toll.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees, and they are hereby empowered at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpofe, of which Meeting One Calendar Month’s Notice fhall be given in fuch Newfpaper or Newipapers as afure-faid, and fhall be affixed on ail and every the Turnpike Gates that fhall be Handing on the laid Road, from Time to Time to leflen or reduce all or any of the faid Tolls, and alfo any additional Tolls, payable by any Aft or A£ts of Parliament now in force for Overweight, in fuch Manner as to them fhall feem fit and convenient, for and during fuch Time as they the faid Tiuftees (half think proper ; and afterwards at any Meeting to be holden as aforefaid, from Time to Time, if they lhall fee Occafion, to advance all or any of the Tolls fo leflened or rtduced to any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the feveral Rates granted by this Ad, or now made payable by any Ait or Ads of Parliament now in Force and EfTed with refped to Overweight: Provided neverthelcfs, that when the whole Money borrowed on the Credit of the faid Tolls fhall not have been paid and difeharged, fuch Tolls fhall not be leflened or reduced without the Conient of the Perfon or Perfons entitled to Five-fmhs of the Money remaining due upon the Credit of the faid Tolls.

XIV.	And be it further enaded, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Tiuftees, and they are hereby empowered at any Meeting, upon Ten Days Notice being given in fuch Newfpaper or Newipapers as afore, faid, and affixed on all and every the Turnpike Gates that fhall be ftanding on the faid Road, to let or farm the faid Tolls to be colleded by virtue of this Act or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Perfon or Perfons at and for the largeft yearly Sum that can be reafonable got for the fame, provided that the Leafes, Contracts, or Agreements of or for the fame be in Writing, and be duly executed by the Perfon or Perfons taking or farming fuch Tolls, and alfo by the faid Truftees, but.thefame fhall not be let for more than Three Years at any one Time; and the Rent which fhall be agreed to be paid for the faid Tolls fhall be made payable and fhall be paid to the Treafurer to the laid Truftees, fo that One Quarterly Payment of fuch Rent fhall always be in Advance, or fuffkient Security given for the Payment of fuch Rent to the Satisfaftion of the faid Truftees, or in Default thereof every fuch Leafe, Contraft, or Agreement, fhall be null and void to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

XV.	And be it further enacted. That during fuch Time as the faid Tolls or any Part or Parts thereof fhall be leafed, demifed, or in Farm to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, ic fhall and may be lawful to and for the Leffee or LefTces, Farmer or Farmers thereof, or fuch other P.rfons as he or they fhall by Writing or Writings under his or their Hand or Hands authorize or appoint, to demand and take the faid Tolls fo leafed, demifed or farmed, with the like Powers for the Recovery thereof to all Intents and Purpofes as any Colle&or of the faid Tolls appointed by the faid

Truftees

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 15,	20	=

Truces is hereby authorized and empowered to demand' take, and recover the fame ; and fuch Ldfee or LefTees, Farmer or Farmers, or other P r. f.n or Perions as afotefaid fo demanding and t.king the fiid Tolls, fhall be fubjrft to the like Pains, Penalties,'and Forfeitures, and fnall be liable to the like Actions and Prolecutions as any Collector' oi the faid Tolls' appointed by the faid Truftees is i'ubjeft: or liable to.

XVI.	And be it further enacted. That it fhall and may be lawful to Truflen miy and f >r the laid Truftees from Time.ro Time to compound with any Per- Cum:,ouli<1» fon or Perfons for any Period of Time not exceeding One Year for any l loifes;

Beads, Cattle or Carriages, palling on the fold Road, or on any Partor Parts the eof, for all or any of the Tolls to be paid in refpeft of futh Hdrles,

Bead', Cattle, or Carnages palling and repaflingon tne (aid Road •, and all fuch Compofition Money fhall be paid in Advance One Quarter, or otherwile as the laid Truftees fhall appoint, and in Default tnereof evtry fuch Compofition fhall be null and void to all Intents and'Purpol'e-.

XVII.	And whereas an Aft was palled in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Power far Reign of his late Majefly King George the Second, intituled, An An for repairing the Roads font the Town of Leeds, through Harewcod, to the Ali t-> con-Soutb Weft Corner of the htclofures of Harrowgate, and from thence in Twtr Vuof Benches (one through Ripley over Burage Green, and the other through ti c Gate anJ Knarr'/b rough and Boroughbridge) to Ripon, and from thence to the Fift

RtU of Water or Watercourfe on Hutton Moor, in the Couhly cf Y ork, and L longing to for 1 epairing the Sloufis or Ruts on the faid Moor : And whereas another theS'la£:-Aft was palfed in tl e Twenty-ninth Year of his faid late Majefty King "UJ George 1 he Second, intituled, yin Aid to explain and amend an Aid pdfed hi the Twenly-fifh Tear of the Reign of His prejent Majefly, i lit t tided/1 An Ad

*	for repairing the Roads from the down of Leeds, through HarevVo'otl, to the ‘ South Wejl Corner of the Inclofures c/H?.rrowgate,_<z»a from thence in Two ‘ Branches (one through Ripley over Burage Gieen, and the other through

*	Knarefb >r >ugh and Boroughbridge) to Ripon, and from thence to thei'irjl

*	Kill cf Water or Waterccurfe cn Hutton Moor, in the County of York, and

*	for repairing ibe Soughs or Ruts on the faid Moor And whereas another Aft wj' pa fled in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign cf His prefenr Majefty, in i tied. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two rids of Parliament, one paffedin the Twenty-fifth Tear of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Second, intituled, ‘ An Ad for repairing the Roads from the

1	T wn of Leeds, through Harewood, to the South Weft Corner of the hich-‘ fiuefof Harrowgate, ar.dfrom thence in Two Branches (one thccugh Ripley ‘ over B irage Green, and the other through Knaretbaiough tfdrough-‘ bridge) to Ripon, and from thence to the Firft Rill of Water or V/atercourfe

*	on Hutton Moor in the County of York, and for repairing the Sloughs or ‘ Ruts on ike faid Moor and the other pajfed in the Twenty-ninth Tear of his faid Majefly’s Reign, to explain and amend the faidfirji-mentioned Act, with refpect to thoft Parts of the laid Roads from Harrowgate through Ripley and Ripon to the North Eft Corner of Hutton Moor, andfrom the Eajl End of Kirby Hill Moor to the Town of Ripon aforefaid: And whereas another Aft was paffedin ihe Thirty-fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Three feveral Acts, pajj'edin the Twenty-fifth and T'wcntj-nintb

2	ears of the Reign of bis late Majefty King Georgs the Second, and the Seven.

ILoc. y Per.]	3 F	tee	nth

2o6

Tntftees of tiiis Road to allow a Part of their Tolls to the Truilees of the Hare-wood Koad, for the Ufe of the Piece of Road from Leeds to Slieepfcar liar, and of the Toll Brr and Weighing Engine-

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 1$.

ttenth Tear of the Reign of His prefent Majejly, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, fo far as the fame Acts relate to the Road from the Town of Leeds through Hare wood, to the South We/l Corner of the Inclofures of Har-rowgate, in the Weft Riding of the County 'of York : And whereas at the Point where the Road to be madd by virtue of this Aft is intended to coriitnence, called Sheepfcar Bar, there is already erefted by virtue of the faid recited Afts a Turnpike or Toll Gate, and alio a Weighing Houfe ana Weighing Engine : And whereas it might be more convenienr to the Truflees afting in the Exe.u.ion of this Aft, if they were authorized to make ufe of fuch Turnpike or Toll Gate and Weighing Engine, and if the Colleftors of the Tolls appointed by virtue ot the faid recited Afts were to be authorized to receive and coll eft the Tolls authorized to be taken by virtue of this Aft ; be it therefore further enafted. That it Ihall and may be lawful to and for theTruftees afting in the Execution of the faid recited Afts, to contraft and agree with the Truflees for putting this Aft in Execution, for the Ufe of the faid Turnpike or Toll Gate and Weighing Engine; and it Ihall and may be lawful to and for the Truflees afting in ihe Execution of the faid recited Afts, to permic the;r Collector or Colleftors ro receive and colleft at fuch Toll Gate the Tolls to be raifed and collefted by virtue of this Aft, or fuch Parts thereof as the Truflees afting in the Execution of this Aft (hall order anddireft ; and all Pe ions pafling through the faid Gate (hall pay the Tolls to be demanded and taken by virtue of this Aft, and all Carriages pafling through the fame (ha 11 befubjeft and liable to be weighed at fuch Weighing Engine, as if the faid Gate and Weighing Engine had been erefted and built by virtue of this Aft for the Purpofes thereof ; and fuch Toll Colleftor or Colleftors (hall and may and is and are hereby authorized and empowered to ule and exercife all and every the (ame Powers and Authorities whatfoever as he or they would have been entitled to ufe and exercile, and (hall be liable to the fame Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures for Mifconduft, as he or they would have been fubjeft and liable to if he or they was or were acting under the Authority and had been immediately appointed by virtue of this Aft, fo as neverthelefs that it (hall not be competent for the faid Truflees appointed by virtue ot this Aft, or any Perfon or Perfons for them or by their Authority, to difehargeor expel the faid Toll Colleftor or Colleftors from the faid Toll Gate or the Houfe thereto belonging, or to prevent him or them from continuing to aft and be employed for the Truflees afting in the Execution of the faid recited Acts.

XVII!. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That it (hall ami may be lawful to and for the (aid Truflees acting in the Execution of this Act, to make fuch Compenfation to the Truflees acting in the Execution of the faid recited Acts, as (hall be mutually agreed upon bt tween fuch refpective Truflees, as a Satisfaction for the Ufe of the (aid 'Poll Bar and Weighing Engine, and of the Road from Leeds to the faid Bar, and for permitting the Collector or Collectors of theTruftees acting in the Execution of the faid recited Acts, to collect fuch Tolls; fuch Satisfaction and Compenfation not exceeding One-feventh Part of the clear Tolls, which (hall be collefted or received for and in refpeft of ihe faid Road hereby intended or directed to be made (after deducting therefrom the neceflary Expences of or Allowances for receiving the faid Tolls) fu.h Fart or Proportion of the faid Tolls to be paid within Twenrj-one Days after the fame (hall be from Time to Time received by the faid Truflees under this Aft or their Treafurcr; and in Default of fuch 6	Payment,

207

48°GE0RG1I III. Cap. 15.

Payment, the fame lhall and may be recovered from the fftd Trullees, appointed by or in purluance of this Act, by Attion of Debt or on the Cafe, in ary of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at WesiminAer, in the Name of the Treafurtr of the laid Road leading from Leeds through Hare, wood: Provided alwiys, that theTreafiler of the faid Road leading irom Leeds through Haretoeod, fhall and may at all reafonable Times infpett the Accounts and Books relating to the Tolls taken for or in refpett of the Hoad hert by intended or direded to be made, fo as to afeertain and fatisfy himfelf of the Sum due and payable for and as fuch One-feventh Bart and Proportion of the laid Tolls intended to be taken by virtue of this Att as afore laid.

XIX.	And be ir further enatted, That if any Dilute lhall happen pOT fettling about the Amount of the Tolls, or the Charges of making, keeping, or DKput * felling any Diftrefs, it (hall be lawful for the Collettor or Perfon fo diG xo'l"™ 4 training, to retain fuch Diftrefs or the Money arifingfrom the Sale thereof

(as the Cafe may happen) nil the Amount of the Tolls due and the Charges off the Diftrefs and Sale and of keeping the Diftrefs be afeertained by fe me Jufticeofthe Peace for the faid Riding or for the Borough of Leeds, in whichever the Cafes of Difpure fhall arife, who upon Application ma le to him for that Purpofe, lhall examine the Matter on the Oath of the Parties or other Witnefs or Witnrffcs, and lhall determine the Amount of the Tolls due, and alfo aflefs the Charges of fuch Dif-t..l and k<eping or Sale of the fame, and of the Collettor’s Attendance for that Ptnpofc upon the faid Juftice; all which Sums fo determined or afiellcd (hab hejpatd to the faidColiettor before he (hall be obliged to return the laid Diltnfs or the Overplus, aftcrSale thereof or any Part thereof.

XX.	And be it further emitted, That in cafe any Difpute, Suit, or Toll Bar Litigation I' allarile touching or in anywile relating to the laid Tolls, the Kffp*tr*nt Per ion or Perlons appointed to collett the fame, or any other Perfon or wheeffe*. Perfons acting by or under the Authority of the faid Trultees, lhall not

be incompetent to give Evident e in any fuch Difpure, Suit, or Litigation by reafon of his, her, or their being fo appointed, or being paid to collett the Tolls, or atting or being paid to att under the Authoiity of the faid Ttuitees.

XXI.	And be it further enatted. That if any Perfon or Perlons (hall, Penalty with any Hoife, Cattle, Beaft, or Carriage, pafs through any Lands, pr™"epff_ Grounds, or Hereditaments lying near any Turnpike or Toll Gace which laj-c.or lhail be erected by virtue of this Act (the fame not being a public Highway) xul'is"8

or if any Owner or Occupier of fuch Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, lhail knowingly permit or fuffer any Perfon or Perfons, wich any Hotfe,

Cattle, Beaft, or Carriage whatloever, to pafs through the fame ; or if any Perfon or Perlons (hall give to or receive from any Perfon or Perfons, or fo ge or counterfeit any Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, by this Att diretted to be given, with Intention to evade cr whertby the Payment of any of ihe laid Tolls or any Part thereof may and fhall be evaded ; or if any Prifon or Perfons lhall fraudulently pafs through any fuch Turnpike or Tell Gate with any Hoife, Bead, or other Ca.tle, without Paymenc of Toll; or (hall take off or caufe to be taken off any Hoife, B.-<.ft, or other Cattle from any Carriage; or having paffed through any Turnpike or Toll Gate to be eretted by virtue of this Att, lhall afterwards add or

put

So8	48cG£ORGII	III. Gap. 15,'

put an additional Horfeor Horfes,^Beaft cr B ads, to fuch Carriage, vyicfi I tent to evade the Payment of the faid Toll- ; or (ball leave orcaule to be left, upon or near any Part of the faid Roid any Carriage, Horfe, Cattle, or other Beads, with Intent to evade the Payment of any of the faid Tolls or any Part thereof, or fhall with fuch Intent unload any Goods from or ouc oi any Carriage, or in any other Manner whatfoever evade or attempt to evade the Payment of any of the Tolls hereby authorized to be taken, every Perfon lo offending Hull for every fuch Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Exemptions XXII, And be it further enabled. That no Toll fhall be demanded or

trvm Toil. taken for any Carriage, Horfe, or other Cattle going unladen for or being laden with or returning after having gone laden only wicb any Materials for repairing the faid Road, or any other Highway or Road ;'or for any Carriage or Cattle carrying any Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw, not fold or difpofed of, but puffing to be laid up in the Houfes, Ou'-houfes, Barns, Yards, or Clofes of the Owner or Owners thereof, or returning empty therefrom ; or for any Horfes, Cattle, or Carriages going with or for any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Hufbandry belonging to any of the Inhabitants of the Parifhes, Townfhips, Hamlets, or Places therein, any Part of the faid Road lieth; or for any Cattle going to or from Plough or Harrow ; or for any Carriage or Cattle carrying any Lime, Marl, Dung, Mould, or Comport of any Kind whatfoever to be employed in Hufbandry, or for manuring or (locking of Land, but for no other Purpole ; or for any Horfes or other Cuttle or Carriages employed in the conveying of any Perfon or Perfons going to or returning from an Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to ferve in Parliament for the laid County of York, on the Day of fuch Election, or on the Day before or Day after fuch Ele&ion fhall begin or be concluded; or going to or returning on Sundays or any other Days on wh:ch Divine Worfhip is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, from any Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worlhip, which fliall be fituate within the fame Parilh in which any Turnpike or Toll Ga,e fhall be eredted ; or who fhall attend the Funeral of any Perfon or Perfons who (hall die and be buried in any of the Parilhes, Townfhips, Hamlets, or Places in which the fu d Road hereby directed to be made lies; or from any Clergyman going to perform or returning from his Duty at any Church or Chapel, or to or from vifuinghis fick Parifhioners ; or for any Cattle or Carriage employed only in carrying Corn to or Grift from the neared or fuch ocher Mill as lhall be ufed by the Owners of fuch Corn refpedlively ; or for any Carriages or Horfes employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expreffes under the Authority of His Majefty’s Poftmafter General, either when employed in conveying or guarding fuch Mails or Expreffes, or in returning from conveying or guarding the fame; or for any Horfe, Ox, Cow, Sheep, or other Cattle going to or returning from any Pallure or Watering Place, or from being lhod or farried ; or for any Horfes belonging to Officers or Soldiers upon their March or upon Duty, or for any Iiurfes, Cattle or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any fuch Officers or Soldiers; or any lick, wounded, or enabled Officers or Soldiers ; or for any Horles, Carts, or Waggons travelling with Vagrants fent by legal I’affes} and that no Toll (hall be demanded or taken for any Horfe, Mare or Gelding, furnifhed by or for any Pufons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunte.-r Cavalry,

209

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

and rode by them in going to or returning from the Placre appointed for and on the Days of Exercife, provided that fuch Perfons fhall be drcffcd in the Uniform of their refpective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps refpedively, at the Time of claiming fuch Exemptions as aforefaid j and if any Perfon fhall by any fraudulent or colluflve Mann r whatfoever claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforefaid, net being entitled to the Jame, fuch Perfon fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof fhall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety fhall be applied to the Purpofes of this Ad.

XXIir. And be it further enaded. That no Toll fhall be demanded br No Tolls for taken at any Toll Gate or Turnpike to be ereded by virtue of this Ad on the Side or Sides of any Patt of the faid Road, for any Horfe, Cattle, or Carriage which fhall only crofs the faid Read, or fhall not pafs above one hundred Yards thereon, unlefs fuch crolling fhall be with Intent to evade the Payment of Toll at any of the faid Turnpikes or Toll Gates, and the Payment of fuch Toll would be thereby evaded,

XXIV.	And be it further enaded. That Sit fhall be lawful for the faid Power to Truflces or any Nine or more of them, from Time to Time to borrow and take up at Intereft fuch Sum or Sums of Money as they (hall think fit upon the Credit of the Tolls arifing by virtue of this Ad or any Part or Parts thereof, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to align over the faid Tolls or any Part or Parts thereof, and the Turnpike Gates and Toll Houfesfor colleding the fame (the Charges of fuch Mortgages or Alignments to be paid out of the faid Tolls) to any Perfon or Perfons for any Term during the Continuance of this Ad, as a Security or Securities for the Repayment of the feveral Sums that fhall be borrowed, with the Intercfl thereof i which Alignment fhall be in the Words or to the Effcft following :

*	DY virtue of an Ad of Parliament made in the Forty-eighth Year of

* ■*-* the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, * An Ad [/rf forth	'£naicnt*

*	the Title of ibis Aft] We	of	the	Truflees

*	adtng in the Execution of the faid Ad, in confideration of the Sum of

«	,	to the Treafurer of the faid Road in Hand

*	paid by	do	hereby grant, bargain,

‘ iell and demife unto the faid	Executors*

*	Adminiftrators, and Aligns, fuch Proportion of the Tolls arifing by

*	virtue of the faid Ad, as the faid Sum of	doth	or

*	fhall bear to the whole Sum advanced or to be advanced on the Credit

*	of the faid Tolls, to be had and holden from the	Day	of

*	for and during the Continuance of the faid Ad, unlefs

*	the faid Sum of	with lawful Inrereft for the fame, fhall

*	be looner repaid and fatisfied. Given under our Hands andSeals this

« Day of	in	the	Year of our Lord

And Copies of all fuch Mortgages and Alignments fhall be entered in a Bo k 10 be kept for that Porpofe by the Clerk to the faid Truftees, but no Money fhall be borrowed unlefs Notice be for that Purpofe given in fmi:- Newipaper publifiied or circulated within the faid Weft Riding of the County of York, and alfo upon the Turnpikes or Toll Gates which fhall be then Handing upon the faid Road, at lead Fourteen Days before [Lee. $3* Fer.J	3G	lhc

&IO

Form of T ransi'er.

48° GEORGil III. Cap. 15.

the borrowing thereof; and all Mortgages or Affignments which lhall be made in the Manner and Form aforefaid, lhall be good, valid, and tfFeflual to all Intents andPurpofes; and all Perfons to whom any fuch Mortgages or Affignmtnis (ball be made as aforefaid, or who lhall be entitled to the Money thereby fecured, may from Time to Time by Writing under their refpt&ive Hands and Seals, transfer their Right, Tife, Intereft, or Benefit in and to the faid Security, and the Principal and Imereti thereby fecured, to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoevrr, by Indorfemenc on the Back of fuchSecurity in the Prefence of One credible Witne’s; which Tranf-fer lhall be in the Words or to the Effeft following:

T Do transfer the within Mortgage, and all the Principal and Intereft now doe thereon, unto ‘ Executors, Adminittrators, and Affigns. Witnefs my Hand and Seal * this Day of

All which Transfers lhall be produced and notified to the faid Clerk, who lhall caufe an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, containing the Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums cf Money, in a Bock to be kepc for that Purpofe, for which the laid Clerk lhall be paid the Sum of One Shilling and no more; and after fuch Entry made, every luch Transfer fhall entitle the refpe&ive Afiignees or Perfons to whom tire fame (hall be made, their Executors, Admimltrators, and Affigns, to the Benefit theieof, and Payment thereon, and every fuch Affignee fhall and may in like Manner afiign and transfer again, and fo idles qurties, and it lhail not be in the Power of any Perfon making fuch Alignment or Transfer afterwards to make void, releafe, or difeharge the fame Security, or any Monies thereon due, or any Part thereof; and all Perfons to whom fuch Mortgages, Affignments, or Transfers (hall be made as aforefaid, lhall be, in proportion to the Sums therein refpeCtively mentioned, Creditors on fuch Tolls, Turnpikes, and Toll Houfes, in equal Degree one with another, and lhall have no Preference in refperft to the Priority of advancing any luch Monies, or the Dates of fuch Mortgages or Affignments.

Application XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Monies arifing by virtue and^Money* of this Adi lhall be applied and difpofed of by the faid Truftee* in borrowed. Manner following (that is to fay) in Payment of the Colts, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and palling this A£t, and in making and conltrudting the faid Road, and repairing and amending the fame, and in erecting Turnpikes and Toll Houfes thereupon, and defraying the Expences from Time to Time attending the Execution of this Act, and in paying and keeping down the lntercll of the Monies borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls hereby granted, and afterwards in paying off and difeharging fuch Principal Monies, and to and for no other Ufe or Purpole whatfoever.

Power to en- XXVI. And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the and'make	faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, and for their Surveyor

Ro.idi.	or Surveyors and Workmen, with or without Carriages and Cattle,

from Time to Time to enter upon the Lands and Grounds through which or whereupon the faid Road hereby authotized to be made is intended to pafs, and to Hake out and make the fame cf fuch Width and in fuch Manner as the laid Truftees lhall think ncccffary or proper, without being deemed a TrefpafTer cr Trelpaffers, and without being fubjeft or liable to ally Fine, Penalty, or Punifhment for entering or continuing

upoa

480GEORGII III. Cap. 15;	2U.

upor. any Part or Parts of fuch Lands or Grounds refpeCtively for any of the Purpoles of this Act, making Satisfaction to the Occupiers of luch Lands and Grounds for the Damages that fhall be done to the Lands or Grounds on the Sides of the faid Road wbilft the fame (bail be making ; and if any Perfon fhall wilfully pull up, remove, or deflroy any of the Stakes or other Marks ufed in laying out or making any fuch Road, every Perfon fo offending fhall forfeit and pay for every luch Offence a Sum not exceeding F01 ty Shillings.

XXVII.	And be it further enaCted, That it fhall be lawful for the faid rruft.es Trultees or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby fully autbo-

Tized and empowered to make and repair, and from Time to Time widen, K.uid. divert, fhcrten, vary, and alter the Courfe or Path of any Part or Parts of the faid Road through any Wade Grounds, Commons, or uncultivated Lands without making Satisfaction for the fame, and alfo through any private Grounds or Hereditaments, firft making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof and Perfons intercfled therein for the Damages they fhall fultain thereby, and for that Purpofeit fhall be lawful for the faid Trultees or any Nine or more of them to treat, contract, and agree with rhe Owners of and Perfons interefted in any Lands or Hereditaments, which the faid Trultees fhall judge necefDry for the Purpofes aforefaid, for the Purchafe thereof, or for the Lois or Damage fuch Owners or Perfons may fuftain by the making, widening, diverting, turning, cr altering the Courfe or Path of any Parc or Parts of the faid Road through fuch Lands or Hereditaments; and ic fhall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, Hulbands, Guardians,

Trultees, or Feoffees in Truft, Committees, Executors, Adminiltrators, and all other Trultees whatfoever, not only for and on Behalf of tnemfclves, their Heirs and SuccefTors, but alfo for and cn behalf of their ceftuique Trufts, whether Femes Covert, Infants, cr IfTue unborn, Lunat;cks,

Idiots, or other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or fhall be feiled of or interefted in their own Right, and ro and for all and every Perfon and Perfons whomfoever, who are or fhall be feifed, pofTefTed of, or interefted in any fuch Lands or Hereditaments, to contract with the laid Truftees for the Satisfaction to be made for fuch Damages as aforefaid, or to fell and convey unto them all or any luch Lands or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, for the Purpofes aforefaid; and all Contracts, Sales, and Conveyances which fhall be fo made fhall be valid, to all Intents and Purpofes, any Law, Statute, Ufage, or other Matter to the contrary notwithftanding ; and all fuch Bodies Politic, Corpora'e or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives,

Flufbands, Guardians, Truftees, Feoffees, Committees, Executors, Admi-niftrators, and all other Pcrlons, fhall be and are hereby indemnified for what they or any of them fhall lawfully do by virtue or in puifuance of this ACt.

XXVIII.	And whereas a Map or Plan deferibing the Line of the faid F(jr re(ll.3.n Road and the Lands through which the fame is to be earned, together i«g the irui". with a Book of Reference containing a Lift of the Names of the Owners *ro™ tie-and Occupiers of it ch Lands, have been depofited at the Office of the yo^'d tertlm Clerk of the Peace for the Weft Riding of the County of York ; be it D ft->' ci:» theretore enaCted, That the faid Map or Plan and Book of Reference fhall icr„ta LJr"

remain the Wan, &c.

Si2	48GEORGII III. £*>.i$.

r mi'n 'n 'he Cuftody of the Clerk of the Peace for the Lid Weft Riding. Co the End that all Perfons may at all feafonable Times have liberty to infped and perufe the fame, and to take Copies or Extracts thereof at their Will and Pieffure, paving the Cletk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every fuch Inipc&.cn, and at the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words cf fuch Copies or Extracts of the faid Map or Plan and Book of Reference; and that the faid Truftees in making the faid Road, Ihall not de.iate more than One hundred Yaids, of Three Feet ea h, fiom the Line defended in the faid Map or Plan, without the Coif nc and Approbation in Writing of the Pcrfon or Perfons, Body Politic, Corpnra e or Collegiate, through whofe Lands or Gtounds fuch Deviation fhall be made : Provided always, that it Ihall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees to make the faid Road, notwithftanding any Error or Omiftion in the faid Book of Reference, in cafe it (hall appear to any Two or more Juft ces of the Peace for the faid Weft Rtding. and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that fuch Error or Omiftion proceeded from Miftake.

Truftees miy XXIX. Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That it Ihall and may

**oad be lawful to and for the laid Truftees to make the laid Road into, through,

li'oumli, acrofs, or over the feveral Lands or Grounds of any Pcrfon or Perfons who

Ow-"r?h ,he ’s or arc or ma^ ®wner or	of	Land	over	which	the fame is fet out

Name, are and deferibed as aforefaid, although the Name or Names of fuch Pcrfon

ret "i the or Perfons may happen to be omitted in the faid Book of Reference.

Book o! Re-	1	1 r

ference.

Where Per- XXX. And be it further enacted. That if any Bodies Politic, Corporate re'Va oror Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in r iufet»r	Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or

neat.	Lives, Hulbands, Guardians, Truftees, Feoffees, Committees, Exe-

cutors, or any other Perfon or Perfons incerefted in any fuch Lands or Hereditaments, upon Notice to him, her, or them, given or lefc in Writing at the Dwelling-houfe or Dwelling-houfes, Place or Places of Abode of fuch Perfon or Perfons, or of the principal Officer or Officers of any fuch Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or at the Houfe of the Tenant in poffeffion of Lands or Hereditaments through which any Part of the faid Road is intended to be made, widened, diverted, turned, or altered, Ihall for the Space of Thirty Days next after fuch Notice given or left as aforefaid, negleft or refufe to treat, or Ihall not agree in the Premifes, or by reafon of Abfence Ihall be prevented from treating, then and in every fuch Cafe the faid Truftees, Ihall caufe fuch Damage, Value, or Recompence to be inquired into and afeer-tained by a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the faid Weft Riding or Borough of Leeds, from the Neighbourhood of the Place were fuch Lands and Hereditaments do lie, and in order thereto, the faid Truftees are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time, as Occafion Ihall require, to fummon and call before fuch Jury and examine upon Oath all and every Perfon and Perfons whomfoever who Ihall be thought neceffary and proper to be examined concerning the Premifes (which Oath any One or more of the laid Truftees is and are hereby empowered to adini-nifter); and fuch Truftees Ihall by ordering a View or otherwife, ufe all lawful Ways and Means as well for their own as for the faid Jury’s Information in the Premifes; and after the faid Jury (hall have enquired of and afleflrd fuch Damage and Recompence, they the faid Truftees Ihall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money fo

a He (fed

4S° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.	213

affeffed by the Lid Jury to be paid to the faid Owners or other Perfons iiterefted in the laid Lands or Hereditaments, according to the Vcrdidt or Inquifition of fuch Jury; and luch Verdidt or Inquifinon, Order, and Determination thereon, fha'I be final, binding, and comlufive to all Intents and Purpofes againft all Parties and Perlons whomfoevtr claiming or to claim any Eftate in Pofiefiion, Reverfion, or Remainder in Fee, or in Fee Tail General or fpecial, or for Life or Lives, or far Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or otherwife their Hdrs and SuccdTors as well ablent as prefent. Infants, Femes Coverts, Lunatics, Idiots, and Perfons under any other Difabiliry whatfoever. Bodies Politic, Cor perate and Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as well as all and Tn.iWe to every other Perfon and Perfons whomfoever; and tor futnmoning and ifiue warrant returning fuch Juries, the faid Truftees are hereby empowered to iHue to e 'wunief their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the County ot York, requiring a jury, him to empannel, fummon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Perfons from the Neighbourhood of the Place where fuch Lands and Hereditaments lie, qualified to ferve upon Juries, to appear before the faid Trullees or any Five or more of them at fuch Time and Place as in fuch Warrant or Warrants fhall be appointed ; and fuch Sheriff or his Deputy or Deputies is and are hereby required to empannel, fummon, and return fuch Number of Perfons accordingly, and out of the Perfons fo empannelled, fummoned, and returned, or out of fuch ot them as fhall appear upon fuch Summons, the Lid Tiuftees fhall and are hereby empowered and required to fwear orcaule to be Ivvorn Twelve Men, who fhall be a Jury for the Purpofes aforefaid ; and in Default of a fufficient Number of Jurymen, the faid Sheriff or his Deputy or Deputies fhall return other honeft and indifferent Men of the Standers by, or that can fpeedily be procured to attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve, and all Perlons concerned (lull have their lawful Challenges againft the faid Jurymen when they come to be fworn ; and the faid Truftees adding Trufleesmay in the Premifes Iball have Power from Time to Time to impole any reafon- >mp°t= Fines able Fine or Fines upon fuch Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiff or j«,y^en.^’er Bailiffs, Agent or Agents making Default in the Premifes and on any of witneff=* the Perfons that lhall be fummoned and returned on fuch Jury, and who ^ujcr,n&,?e' fhall not appear, or appearing lhall refufe to be fworn on the faid Jury, or being fworn fhall refulrto give, or fhall not give, their Verdidt, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect their Duty therein contrary tothetruelntent and Meaning ot thisAct, andon anyofthePerionswhobeingrequired togiveEvi-dence before the faid Jury, lhall refufe or negledt to appear, or appearing lhall refufe to be fworn and examined or to give Evidence, or fhall otherwife wilfully mif onduct themlelves in giving their Evidence, fo that no One Fine be more than Five Pounds on any One Perfon lorOne Offence.

XXXI.	And be it further enafted. That in cafe any Jury or Juries to Expeaces of be fummoned and Ivvorn puiluant to the Directions or Authority of this wiwcfL™'1 ACt, fhall give in and deliver a Verdict or Aflcffment for more Money as how u> bs a Recompence or Satisfaction for the R'ght, Imerdt or Property of any Perfon or Perfons in any fuch Lands or Hereditaments, or for any Lofs or Damage to be by him, her, or them fuftained, than what (hall have been agreed to and offered by the faid Truftees before the iummoning and returning of the faid Jury or Julies, as a Recompence or Satisfaction tor any mch Right, Imerdt, or Property, or for any Lofs or Damage as atoreLid, then and in fuch Cafe che Cofts and Expences i-f Iummoning and maintaining the laid Juiyand Wicneffes, and all other Expences ai-\_Loc. & Per.]	3	H	tending

ai4	48° GEORGII in. Cap. 15’

tending the hearing and determining of fuch Difference, (hall beb'rrie and p..id by the Treafurer to the faid Truftees out of any Money which lball then be in his Hands, or out of any Monies to be received by virtue of this Aft; but if any Jury or Juries fo fummoned and fworn as aforefaid flull give in and deliver a Verdift or Affelfmentforno more or lefs Money th m (hall have been agreed to and offered by the faid Truftees, before the fumrrrn ng or returning of the laid Jury or Juries, as a R compencc and Satisf ftion for any fuch Righr, Intereft, or Property in any fuch Lands or Hereditaments, or LofTes or Damages as aforefaid, then the C fh and Expences of fummoning and maintaining the faid Jury and ‘WiinefT.s, and all other Expences as aforefaid, fhall be borne or paid by ibe Prrfon or Pe fons with whom the faid Truftees fhall have fuch Controvcrfy or D.fpute ; which faid Cofls and Expences having been afeerrained and lettled by feme Jiftice of the Peace for the Riding, Divifion, or Liberty wherein theCaule of Difpute fhall arile, not intereft:d in ihe Matter in qutftion (who is hereby required ro examine and fettle the fame) fhall and may be dedufted out of the Money fo aflefled and adjudged, as fo much Money advanced to and for the Ufe of fuch Per-fon or Perlors, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of fuch Monies fhall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purpofes to be a Payment cr Tender of the whole Sum or Sums fo afleffed and adjudged, or otherwife fuch Cofls and Expences, in cafe the fame be not paid upon Demand, afrtr being fo afcercained and fettled as aforefaid, may be recovered by the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Truftees by the Ways and Means hereinafter mentioned or provided for the Recovery of Penalties or Forfeitures : Provided always, that in all Cafrs where any Perfon or Perfons fhall by Reafon of Abfence have been prevented from treating about fuch Recompence or Satisfaftion as aforefaid, fuch Cofls and Ex-penecs fhall be borne and paid by the faid Truftees in Manner aforefaid.

Money allowed for .Lands, how to be charged or tendered.

XXXII.	And be it further enabled, That every Sum of Money or Recompence to be agreed for or aflefled as aforefaid, (ball be paid out of the 'lolls by this Act granted, or out of the Monies to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, to the Party or Parties refpectiveiy entitled thereto or to their Agents; and upon Payment thereof, or in any cafe of Refufal to accept the fame, or the Parties not being to be met with upon leaving the lame in the Hands of the Treafurer or Treafurers to the laid Truftees, for the Ule of fuch Parties or Perfons refpectiveiy, to be thereafter di£ pofed of as herein-after directed ; and after Four Days Notice thereof given to fuch Parties or Perfons or to their Agents, or left at their re-fpective ufual Places cf Abode, or with the Tenant or Tenants in Pof-ftfiion of fuch Lands or Hereditaments, then fuch Lands or Hereditaments fhall be laid into arid made Part of the faid Road in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees fhall direct, and fhall be by them or fuch Perfon or Perfons as they fhall appoint, fufHciently drained, ditched, fenced, and fet out for that Purpofe, and fhall to all Intents and Purpofes whatloever become and be deemed and taken to be a Common Highway, and be from thenceforth Part of the faid Road for ever thereafter.

Tfufleet not XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Power llouht™ or Authority by this Act given to the faid Truftees lhall extend to the taking down or injuring any Dwelling-houfes or other Buildings, or to the taking in of any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, planted Walk, or 6	Avenue

215

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 15.

Avenue to a Houfe, or Plantation or Nurfcry of Trees, or of any Part or Parts thereof, without the Confent in Writing of the Owners or Proprietor thereof and other Pcrlons interefted therein, firft had and obtained.

XXXIV.	And, whereas by re-ffon of the Purchafes which the Paid Truftees are empowetd and required to make by virtue of this Act, or by reafon of the diverting of fome Part or Parts of the faid Road, they may happen to be (cited of fame Piece or Pieces of Ground over and above what fhall be neceffrry for effecting the Purpofes of this Act; be it therefore further enacted, That it fhall be lawful for the faid Truftees to fell and difpofe of fuch Pieces or Parcels of Ground, either together or in Parcels as they (hall find mod convenient and advantageous, to fuch Per-fon or Perfons as (hall be willing to contract for and purchafe the fame: Provided always, that the fa d i'ruftees, before they (hall fell and difpofe of any Piece or Pieces of Ground as afortfiid, (hall offer the fame to the Peifon or Perfons from whom they (hall have been purchafed ; or where the fame (hall arife by Reafon of diverting any Part or Parts of the faid Road, then to the Perfon or Pcrlons whole Lands (hail adjoin thereunto ; and in cafe fuch Perf-m or Perfons refpeftively (hall not then and thereupon agree (except with refpeft to and on account of the Price thereof as hereinafter mentioned) or fhall refute (except with refpect to and on account of the P ice thereof) to purchafe or rrpurchafe the fame refpec-tivelv, any Affidavit to be made and fworn before a Mafler Ex'raordinary in the High Court of Cnancerv, or before One of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the laid Weft Riding of the County oiTork or Barough of Leeds aterclaid (who are hereby refpectivtly empowered to take the fame) by fome Perfon or Perf ns noway interefted in the faid Piece or Pieces ol Ground, dating that fuch Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the faid Truftees, and that fuch Offer was not then anJ thereupon agreed to, or was refufed by the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame was fo offered, fhall in all Courts whatfoever be fufficient Evidence and Proof that fuch Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was refufed by the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Offer was made (as the Cafe may be) ; and in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall be dearous of porchaftng or re-purchafmg the fame, and he, file, or they, and the faid Truftees fhall differ and not 3gree with refpect to the Price thereof, in fuch Cate the Price or Prices thereof fhall be ascertained by a Jury in Manner hereinbefore directed with rrlpect to difputed Value of Prcmifes to be purchafed by the faid Truftees in purfuance of this Act, and the Expence of hearing and determi: ing fuch Differ.-nee fhall be borne and paid in like Manner as herein before duefted with refpect to fuch Purchafes made by the faid Truftees mutatis mutandis •, and the Money to ariie by the Sale or Sales which may be made by the faid Truftees of fuch Piece or Parcel of Road or Ground as aforefaid, fhall be applied to the Purpofes of this Act, but the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof ihall not be anfwerable or accountable for any Mifapplication or Non-application cf luch Money.

XXXV.	And be it further enabled. That if any Money (hall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or ufed by virtue of the Powers of this Aft, for the Purp >f s thereof, which (hall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Perfon or Perfons under any Difability or Incapacity as in this Aft particularly mentioned, fuch Money fhall, in cate the fame

Trurtees cm*

to

fell Ground not warned for the Pur-poles ol this ACt.

Perfons whole Lands adjoin to have the Preference.

Application of Compeniation Money if amounting to aoo 1*

45° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 15.

fhft.1 aoitjvmti to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Spned(fcte paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with; the Priwiiy of the Accountant General of the High Couit cf Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex pt\r(e the Truitees for executing' this Adf, (to the Intent that fuch Money fjiall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fighified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way, by the Prrfon or Pbrlbns who would have, been entitled to the Kents and Profits oflthe fsiddLamh, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Purchafe or Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the faid Court lb all authorize to be p id, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affefting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Handing fettled therewith, to the fame or the like Ufcs. Intents or Pmpifts; or where fuch Money fhail not be fo applied, then the fame fhail be laid out and invefted, under the iike Direction and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which fhail be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trufts, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which Hull be fo purchafed, taken or ufed as aforefaid, flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement fhail he exifling undetermined and capable of taking Effcdl; and in the mean Time and until fuch Purchafes fhail be made, the faid Money fhail by Order cf the faid Courc of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invefted by the fard Accountant General in hisName, in thePurchale of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities ; and in the mean Time and until the laid Bank Annuides fhail be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the faiJ Cor.f. lidated or Reduced Bank Annuities fhail from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the faid Court, to the Perfon or Pcrfons who would for the Time being have been entitled {to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, fo hereby direfled to be purchafed, in cafe fuch Purchale or Settlement were made.

so»l. XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That if any Money

ove fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpcfes aforeiaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Pcrfons under Dilability or Incapacity as aforefaid, fhail be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and fhail amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cales the fame lhall, at the Opik n of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Rems and Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under, their relpeOlive Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforeiaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore diredled, or otherwife the fame fhalt be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trullees to be nominated by the Perfon ©t Perfons making fuch Qption, and approved of by Five or more of the faid Trultees for executing

this

48"GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

tins Aft ffurh Nomination and Approbation to be fignified h Writing under th: Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that luch Principal Money and the Dividends arifing thereon, may be applies in Manner liercin-before dir-'fled, lo far as the Cafe be applicable, wiih me obtaining or ben g required to obtain the Diredion or Appioba-1 ion of the laid Court ct Chancei v.

XXXVII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That where loch A^pi-ation Money fo agrteJ or awarded to be paid as next beiore mentioned, fhal! be lels than T wemy Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fa i e (hall be applied to the Life of the Peifon or Pc-> finis, who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as atorelaid in luch M-oner as the fuid Tiufiees or any Five or more of them Ihall think fit j or in cafe of Infancy, or Lunacy, tlirn to his Her or their Guard an or Guardians, Committee or Commuters, to and lor the CJfc and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Per ions fo entitled rcfjxctivcL.	'

XXXVIII.	And be it funht-r enacted, Tint in cafe the Perfon or Perfons in cafe of not to whom any Sum < r Sun s of Money Hull be fo ordered to be paid as Tiue,ns0lU af refaid (hall not be able to m ke a good Title to the Premifis, to the	'

jSatist Ctiun of the faid I ruftecs, or any Five or moie of them; or Ihall rtfule to execute fuch Conveyance or Conveyances; or in cafe fuch Per-Ibn or Perfons to whom inch Sum or Sums of Monty (hall be fo ordered to be paid as aforefaid cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Per-Or if perfon* fons emiil-d to fuch Linds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not fo"“'p*r-known or c.i'covered, then and in every fuch Calc it (hall and may be hafe Money lawful for the fad Trurtees, or any Five or more of them,to order |,”e0«^dinl* the Paid Sum or Sums of Money lo award'd to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with t.x Privity of the Accountant General of the fain Court of Chancery, to be placed to his yfccount n> the Credit or the Parties interefted in the laid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [dtferibing them] (ubj £t to the Order, Controul, and D,f- SubjeS to the pofition of the find Cuurr of Chancery, which faid Court on the Order of the Application of any Pcrl'on or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum £“J^fyolr or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, Ihall be Monpn or and is hereby empowered, in a fummary Way of Proceeding, or other- reti“on. wile as to the lame Court (hall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, or to order Diftribution thereof, or Paymei t of the Dividends tht rcof, according to the rclpeftive EfLteor Eftates, Title or Intend, of the PcTon or Perfons m iking Claim thceunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Prcmifes as to the faid Court (hall feem juft an^ reaf untie; and the Cafliier or Cadiicrs of the Bank of England, who (hall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whole Ule the lame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as Ihall pay any luch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aiorvfaid.

XXXIX.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That where any pfrp,amr Qiieftion ihall atife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Muncy u>fp*tej to be pa>d into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of T‘tlc**

[Lor. If Ftr ~\	31	the

218	48*	GEORGII	HI.	Cap.	15.

the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuanee of this A ft, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Eftate,Right or Interelt in any Lands, Tenements crHereditamenu, to be purchafed in purluance thereof or to any Bank Annuities to be pur-chafed with any fuch Money, or to the Dividends or Intrrtft of any itn h Bank Annuities,’ the Perfon or Perfons who (hall have been in PuflefTion of fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, at the Time of fuch Pur-chafe, and all Pcrfon9 claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Poflcffionof fuch Perfon or Perlons, fnall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled, to fuch Lands, Tenements or Heieditaments, according to fuch PofielTion, until the contrary (hall be (hewn to the Satisfaction of the laid Court of Chancery •, and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be purchafcd with fuch Money, and alio the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, (hall be paid, applied, and cilpofed of accordingly, unlels it (hall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Poffeflion was a wrongful Pofleffion, and that fome other Perion o Perlons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intercft hetein.

The Court XL. Provided alfo, and be it further enabled. That where by •fchwwr reafon of any Difability or Incapacity ot the Perfon or Perfons, or Cor-UieVavTeVt poration entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be pur-of Expcncct. chafed under the Authority of this Aft, the Purchafe Money for the lame (hall be required to be paid into the laid Court and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be iettled to the like Ufes, in purfuanee of this Aft, it ihall be lawful (or the faid Court to order the Expences of all Purchafes from Tinre to Time to be made in purfuanee of this Aft, or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Court (hall deem reafonable, together with the neceffary Cods arid Charges of obtaining fuch Order, to be paid by the laid Trviftecs, or any Five or more of them, who (hall from T me ro Time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court ihalldireft.

Mines re- XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Mines of ownm'of1'* ^"oa* anc* other	Minerals and Foffils whatsoever winch (hall be difeovered

Lands?	of found in or	under any Lands to be appropriated to the laid Road by

virtue of this Aft, (hall be and are hereby referved to the Ptrlon or Perfons, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, who would have been feifed of or entitled to the lame in cafe this Aft had not been made, with Liberiy for him or them, or his ot their refpeftive Agents or Servants to dig for, mine,	and work the fame, in fuch Manner as is ufual for carrying on Works	of that Kind, in the Riding or Place where fuch Coal or

other Minerals	(hall be found, and in as full and ample a Manner as if the

faid Land had	not been taken and appropriated for the Purpofes aforefaid,

fo that in the wot king of fuch Mines no Damage (hall be done to the faid Road.

Fcr getting Mat'-riils to repair tlic Kuad.

XUr. And be it further enafted. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the faid Road, and to and tor all fuch Perfons as he or they refpectivcly (hail appoint, to fearch for, cut, dig, g t, gather, and takeaway any Furze, Heath, Stones, Gravel. Sand, or other Materials for makng and repairing the laid Road, out of and from »ny Common or Waftc Ground, River* Brook, or Pit in any Pa-ilh, y	Townfhip,

4.8°GEOUGII in. CapA$.	Jii9

Townfhip,. Hamlet, Divifion, Diftrict, or Place in which any Part of the Road hereby oirected to be made, amendtd, md repaired (hall lie, or in any neighbouring Parifh, Townfhip, Hamlet, D vifion, Diftrict, or Place, without pa' ing any Thing for the tame, the laid Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Perfon or Pcrfons ac ing by his or their Appointment, filling up the Pits or Quarried -levelling the Ground, or doping down the Banks where fuch Maemls fhall be taken, or rating cr fencing off fuch Pits or Quarries, lo that the lame nny rot be dangerous to Paf-lengers or Cattle, and alfo that lu h Surveyor or Surveyors or other Per. fon orPerfons as afoiefrid may (except as hereinafter excepted) by Order of the faid Truftees (iuch Order to be made at tome Meetiitg of the Truf-tces to be holde.-i in purfuancc of this Act, and a G pV thereof to be given to fuch Surveyor or Surveyors, attefted and figned by the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Tiuftees) fearcli for, cut, dig, gather, and take away any filch Materials asatoreliiid in, off, from, and out of the piivate Linds, Fields, or Grounds of any Perfon or Pcions where the fame may be had or found (iuch Lands, Fields, or Grounds not being a Garden, Oichard, Yard, Park,

Paddock, Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a Houle, or any Piece •'of Giound planted and fet apart as a Nurlcry for Tree ) making or tendering Iuch Satisfaction for tne la ne an ! for any Damages done thereby, to the Owners and Occupiers of fuch Grounds where and from whence the fame (hall be cut, dug, gotten, gathered, and carried away, or over which the lame or any oilier Materidls for making and repairing the faid Road fhall be carried according to their relpeftive Rights and Imerefts in fuch Ground, 3S the faid Truftees fiiall adjudge reafonable *, and in cafe of any Difference between the faid Truftees, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Perlons employed as aforelaid, and the laid Owners or Occupiers or any of them, concerning the Value of fuch Materials and Damages, it fhall and may be lawful 10 and for any Two or more Juftices of the Peace cf the County, Riding, or Place where fuch Materials (hall be fo cur, dug, gotten, gathered, taken, and carried away, on Ten Days Nutice thereof in Wricing being given by either Party to the ocher, or left at their r fprftive Places of Abode, to hear, fettle, and determine the Matters of fuch Payment and Dimages, and the Judgement or Order of the laid JufLces lhall be final and conclulive to all Parties.

XLIII. Provided neverth-lefs, and be it enafted, That it fhall not be No'iceto be lawful for any Surveyor or Surveyors or other Perfon or Perfons afting given to oc-under the Authotiiy of this Aft, to dig, gather, get, take, or carry away Lamtlbefore any Materials for repairing fuch Road out of or from any inclofed Lands Materials are or Grounds, until Notice in Wric;ng figned by the Surveyor or Surveyors ^4"’*. fhall have been given to the Owner and Occupier of the Premifes from which fuch Materials are intended to be taken, or left fur fuch Owner and Occupier at their rel’peftive ufual Places of Refidmce, to appear before the faid Truftees or Two or mote Juftices of the Peace acting for the County,

Riding, or Place where fnch Premifes fhall be fituate, to fhciv Caufe why fuch Materials lhall not be had from fuch Lands or Ground^; and in cafe fuch Owner or Occupier or One of them or their or his Agent, fhall at-tend purfuant to Iuch Nonce, but fhall not ftiew fufficient Caufe to the contrary, or fhall not underrake as herein-after mentioned, or having entered into fuch Undertaking lhall fail in the Execution thereof, then and in either of the faid Cales the laid Truftees or Iuch Juftices (hall or may authorize Iuch Surveyor or Surveyors or other Perfon or Perfons to dig,

i	get,

220

4.8* GEORG 11 HI. Cap. 15.

get, gathtr, and carry away fuch Materials at fuch Time or Time* as to the laid T uft-res or furh Juftices fhall feem proper; and if fuch Owner or Occupier (ball neglefV or retofe to appear by himfelf or Ins Agent, the faid T< uftees or fuch J.dtices (hall and may make fuch Order therein as they r-Tprtt vely (hall think fir, as folly and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if fuch Owner or Occupier or his Agent had attended.

XLIV. Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enacted. That if any fuch Owner or Occupier cr his Agent having had fuch Notice as afurcfaid, and appearing before the laid Trufttes or Jufticrs of the Peace, (hall then and there undertake to cut, dig, ger, and gather out of fuch his private Lands, Fields, or Grounds as aforefaid, by Means of his own Workmen or mmr Servants or otherwife, all fuch Materials as by virtue of this Adt the faid *nd to deliver Trultees or Jultices would otherwife for fuch Undertaking be authorized Sor« '°lh' t0 cmP0Wfr foch Surveyor or Surveyors or other Pirfuns to dig, ger, and aPricewfce gather from, and out the iame, and to drlivtr the lame in a reafonable paid.	Time and at a reafonable Rate of Payment (the Value of the Land damaged

as well as the Materials, and the digging ant! tring of the lame being taken into Confideration) to be then anti there fettled and affixed by the faidTruftees or Jufticrs, !uch Delivery to be made on the Spot where fuch Materials (hall be digged for or collected, to be by luch Surveyor nr Surveyors taken and canied away fur ihe Purpofes of this Act, that then and until Default (hall be made by fuch Owner or Occupier in relpedt thereof, it (hall not be lawful for fuch Surveyor or Surveyors or other Perlon or Perfons, to come or fend any Perlon or Petfons, upon fuch private Lands, Fields, or Grounds of luch Owner or Occupier as afore, faid, for the Purpofe of cutting, digging, getting, or gathering fuch Materials from out the fame ; and in cafe luch Owner or Occupier /hall be dlffatisfkd with the Rate of Payment which fhall be fettled and affixed by the faid Truftees cr Juftices for fuch Material as aforefaid, then and in fuch Cafe the Rate of Payment fhall be fettled and affixed by Two other Juftices of the Pease, in like Manner as is hereinbefore provided in cafe of the faid Surveyor or Surveyors entering the private Lands or Grounds of any fuch Owner or Occupier as aforefaid tor the Purpofe of digging, getting, or gathering luch Materials as aforefaid.

For rflbiving the Owner ©1 Occupier of Lands, where Material* for the Road a ip to be taken, to

penalty on XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Peifons who-tikmg away foever fhall take away any Stone nr Materials which fhall have been dug Swlgcwby or gathered by or by the Order of the faid Surveyor or Surveyors for the Ortier of the Purpofe of making or amending the faid Road or any Part or Parts Surveyor. thereof, or (hall get or takeaway any Stone, Gravel, or Materials out of any Pit 01 Quarry which fhall have been made for the Purpofe of gening fuch Materials tor amending the faid Road or any Ptc or Parts t-ereot, before the faid Surveyor or Surveyors or his or their Workmen fhall have difcontinued working therein for the Space of Six Weeks (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground whciein luch Pit or Quarry /hall have been fo made, and Perfons amhoriz>-d by fuch Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein for his own private Ufe only and n t fur Sale) every Perfon lo offending fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Odence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Surveyors to XLVI. And be it further eoadted, That it Iball and mav be lawful to niaxe Dr-lni, and for tj,e laid Surveyor or Surveyors, and to and tor any Perlon or Perfons whom he or they fhall appoint by Order of the faid Trultees, to cut

and

48° GEORG II III. Cap. 15.	221

and make any Caufeways, or Footpaths rpon the Sides of the faid Rotul, or to rut Drains or Ditches PrtU.pt or into any Landi or Grounds a !-joining or lying contiguous to 'ny Part pf the faid Raid, or to erect Bridges over any Drains or'W t rcoi.rfes, in fuch Manner as luch Surveyor or Surveyors fhall de. m and judge necefTary and proper tor amending or ketping in Repair any Pm of the'laid Road, and alfo to make a Way or Ways through die Loads ant} Grounds adjoining to any narrow or ruinous Pm or Parts of the faid Road (not being a Garden, Orchard,

Park, Ya d, Paddock, planted Walje, or Avenue to any Houf’e, or any inclofed Ground planred or let apart as a Nurfery for IVes) to he made ufe of as a public Highway whilft the narrow or ruinous Parrs of the faid Road are widening or repairing, artl until the fame (half be convenient and fafe for the PalTage ot Travellers and Carnages, making l'uch realon- ’ ■ ■ aMe Sai^sfadlion to die Owners and Occupiers of Inch Lands rcfpe&iVely r^bif s**s. through and into which any fuch Drain fhall be cur, or on or over which feetba. any inch Temporary Road (hall be made, for the Damages which fuel}

Owners or Occupiers rclpedt vely fhall or may thereby fuftain, as fhall	-	;

be adjudged realbnable by the laid Truftces ; and in cate any Difference in cafe of fhall happen between fuch Owners or Occupiers and fuchTrullees touching enco'iu!ia-j luch Damage, then and in fuch C..fe the Juftices of the Peace at the Firlt insertions to General or Quarter Scffi /ns of the Peace to be holdcn for the Well Riding	<•'*«

of the faid County of Tork, next after the Expiration of Twenty Days from the Time of doing luch Damage, fhall and are hereby authorized and required to hear, fettle, and determine the fame, and their Determination therein fhall be final and conclufivc.

XLVII. And be it further enjdled. That it fhall and may be lawful Surveyor* to and for the faid Surveyor or Surveyors and fuch Perlbn oi Pcrfons as he or they fhall appoint (by Direction and under the Hands ot any Five or more of the faid Truftees) from Time to Time to remove and prevent ail Annoyances on any Part or P.irts of the faid Road by Rails, Steps,

Sign Polls, or other Nuifances, and to turn or flop any Watercourlcs,

Sinks or Diains running into, along, or out of any Part of the faid Rotd to the Prejudice thereof, and to make the fame a> large and deep as he or they fhall think proper, and to tlranfe any Duch or Watercomfe next adjoining to any Part of the faid Road, and to cut down, lop, or top, any Trees or Bufhcs growing in any Parr of the faid Road, or in the Hedges or Bulks adjoinirg thereto, in cafe the Prrlon or PeiLns orcafioning fuch Annoyance, or who ought to remove the Lme, or to cleanfe fucl»

Ditch or Warercourfe, or to cut down, lop, or top luch Trees or Bufhes,

IlialI rtfule or negiedt fo to do for the Space ot Ten Days next alter Notice in Writing given for that Purpole, figned by any Five or more of the laid Truftees or by their Surveyor or Surveyors, the reafonable Charges whereof fhall be reimborl'ed to the laid Siutveyor or Surveyors by the Perlbn or Perlons relufing or negleCling as aforefaid ; and in cale any luch Ptrlon fhall not upon Demand pay and tcimburfe to fuch Surveyor or Surveyors fuch Charges as aforefaid, the fame fhall and may be recovered by Dl.liref? and Sale ot the Goods aud Chattels of luch Prrfott in like Manner us is herein authorized or direfted for the Recovery Of any mher Penalty inflicted by this Aft ; and if after the Removal of any of the faid Annoyance:, any Pcrfon (hall again offend in the like Manner, every fuch Ptrlon fhall for [Loc. y Per.]	3	K	'	t	vcjry

Road ro '>e mca»i;rrd and Mileltoi.rs Guide Volts tiCwied.

Penalty on dama. m6-liicm.

Penalty for riling on Footpaths, fee.

cvciy lucU Offence, over and above t'uch Chaigcsas afortffaid, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Founds, One Moiety wheteof fhall go to the Informer, arid the other Moiety lhail be applied to the Purpoles of this Ad,	I

XLV1II. And be it further enafled, That the fiid Truftees fhall and may caufe the faid Road to be meafured, and Mileftones to be fet up at or near the Sides thereof, at the Diftanre of One Mile from each otner, wjrh Inferiptions rhenon denoting the Number of Miles and Dilb n-e of Places, as the fiid Truftees lhall think fit, and alfo Ciule to be eredted Guide Port's upon tuch Parts of the laid Road where ihe lame are eroded or joined by other Road1, as they lhall judge proper ; and if any Pcrfon or Perlons fhal! wilfully break, throw down, injuir, drrtiov, obliterate, or deface any Table of Tolls, Miieftone, or Fort erected on a>y Part of the faid Road, or any of the Letters, Figures, or Ma k, inl'cribed thereon, or fhall wilfully break, throw down, or injure any S one or Stones, or Parapet Wall or Walls on the Side or Sides of any Bridge or Bridges, Arch or Arches, on any Fart or Parts of the Lid Road, every fuch Perion fo offending lhall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each Table of Tolls, Stone, Port, Parapet Wall and Arch fo broken, thrown down, injured, or deftroyed, or on which any f.eiters, Figures, or Marks fhall be fo obliterated or defaced, One Moiety whereof fhall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety fhall be applied fur the Purpoles of this Adt.

XLIX, And be it further enafttd, That if any Perfon or Pcrfons (hall skilfully or negligently injure, deffroy, break down or otherwife damage, or fhall ride on or drive or lead any Horfc, Beall, Catrle, or Carriage over or upon any Footpath or Caufeway made or to be made on the Side or Sides of any Part of the laid Road ; or if any Driver cf any Waggon or other Carriage, fhall wilfully or carelefsly break or damage anv of the Ports or Stones which may be erefted for the Security of the faid Footpaths or Caufeways; or if any Peifon or Perfons lhall plough over or drag any Plough upon any Part of the faid Road, or in ploughing lhall turn any Horfe or other Beaft drawing any Plough upon any Parc of the faid Road to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Pei lou or Pcrions fhali ferape off any fvlud, Soil,or other Matter or Thing which (hall be or lie upon any Part of the laid Road with a iy Inftrumcnt, fo as to damage the faid Road or any Part thereof; or if any Perfon fhall hale or draw or caufe to be haled or drawn upon any Part ot the fatci Road any Trce or Piece of Timber, nr any Stone (otherwife than upon Wheeled Carriages) or (hallfuffer any Parc of any Tree or Piece of Timber or Stone which lhall be carried upon a WneeU ed Carriage, to drag upon any Part of the laid Road to the Prejudice thereof ; or if any Perfon driving any Pigs or S vine upon the laid Road fliall fuffer the fame to root up or' damage the laid Road or any Part thereof, or the Fences, Hedges, Bankings, or Copfe on either Side thereof; or if any Perfon or ILrlons fh .11 Pave or fuffer any Cattle, Sheep, or Beaft to be and rein on loofe on the faid Road ; or if any Perfon driving any C '•ach, Chaife or Waggon, Ca t or other Carriage upon the faid Ro d, 3nd inert ng a lO'her Coach, Chaiie, Waggon, Cart, or odvr Cat rage, lhall not keep hu C i*--	*7	nage

22

G-cOi^Cj li 111. Gap. 15-

*iage on the left or near Bide of the Hid Road; or if any Perfon (hall in any Manner wilfully prevent any oth r Perfon or Perlons from palling him, her, or them upon the faid Road, or thr Coach, Chaifir, Waggon,

Cart, or other Carriage under his, her, or their Care ; or if any Perfon (hall make or affill in m king anv Fire or Fires whatfoever, or (hall let fire to, or let off, or throw any Squ b, Rocket, Serpen', or Firework whatfoever on any Part or Parts of the faid Road ; or if any Perfon or Performs (hall leave any Waggon, Wain, Cirt, or other Carriage, or any Plough,

Harrow, or other Implement of Husbandry (without fome realonable Cau!e to be allowed by the Juftice ot the Peatc before whom the Perfon fo offending (hall be Communed or conveyed in order to hisor her Conviction, and (are and except with regard to.fuch Waggon, Wain, Caic, or other Carriage, during luch reafonable Time as the lame lliall be loading or unloading, and (landing as near to the Side ot the faid Road as conveniently may be) in, upon, or on the Side of the faid Road, cither with or without -ny Pf rfe or Be-afi; of Draught harneffed Gr yoked thereto-, or if anv Perlon (hall lay any Piece of'limber, or any Stones, Bricks, Hay,

Straw, Lim-% Dung, Manure, Soil, llubbilh, or other Matter or Thing whatfoever on any Pait of the laid Road or on the Side or Sides thereof to the Prejudice thereof, or to the Annoyance, Inconvenience, or Prejudice ot any Perfon or Perlons travelling thereon, every Perfon fo offending (hall for every Rich Offence forfeit and pay ’ any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

L. And be it further enadted. That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall affault, p5,ntjlty on interrupt or hinder, or caule to be affaulted, interrupted or hindered, the E«cufion any Collcdfor of the Tolls, or any Surveyor or Surveyors, or any of this Act. other Perfon or Perfons, by them or any of them, or by the faid Trufttfes employed in the Execution of this Adf, every fuch Perfon (ball for every- fuch Offence forfeic and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

i	.	.	v	.

LI. And be it further enabled, That all the Inhabitants of the feveral Town(llj Parilhes, Towhlhips, Hamlets, Diftridls, or Places through which the laid to be liable intended Road fhall pats, (hall be liable to the Repair of fuch Parts of the to Repaiis. find intended Road- as are within their rcfpedttvc Parifiles, Townlhips,

Hamlets, 'DiftrifT, or Places, in fuch and the lame Manner as they are liable to the Repair of any other Highway within the fame,

' n ’ ■ | : ■

LIT. Provided always, and be it cnafted. That all Perfons who by Perfonithap*. Law are liable to do Statute1 Work on any, part of the Roads within the ante to statute Parilhes, Townlhips, or Places through which, the knd Road or any Part ,^„rekt*0 co"' thereof, paffes, (hall be liable to do the lame on the faid Road, and it fhall and mav be lawful to and for any Two or more Jullices of the Peace Juiticei tn for the faid Well Riding of the County of Tork, and they arc hereby re- difference, quired and empowered upon Application made to them by the faid Truf- touching tees or by their Clerk or Surveyor, by their Order Yearly to adjudge Statute Wcrk. and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work (ball every Year be done upon the faid Road by the Inhabitants of the rcipetfive Parilhes or Piaces in which the faid Road doth lie, and alfo what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the High-

ways

4

j(jj,.	4.S0 G E O R G11 III. Cap. 15.

ways Of every fuch Parifh or Place, irr lie u of or as a Compofxion for fuch Statute Work as aforelaid, (hall be by him, her, or them piid to the (aid Truffees or their Treafurer or Trea'urers; and in order thereunto it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juftices from l ime to Time to furnmon the Surveyor oj- Surveyors of th.- Highways for every fuch Parilh or Place to bring in Lfts odore fuch Jultices ac lome Place to be expreffed in fuch Summons (within Ten Days af.er the ft-rving of (uch Summons) or the Names of die levi rat P.-rlons who within fuch Parith or Dave aie by Law Subject and liable to do Staiute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for luch Statute Wt rk, diftiogunning the N .tuie of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draught* or otherwife, and alft) the Amount of the refpedtive Sums to he lo pci i, which Lifts of Names (hall be made in Manner and under loch Regulations and Refti jettons as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Fome and Effect for the Repairs of the public Highways, and out of fuch Lifts the faid Juftices (hall and may allot, appoint, and order fuch and fo mivy of .the Perfons wno (hall appear to be fubjeut and liable to Statute Work as afore-laid, to do (uch Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the faid Road as the laid Juftices lhall think rea'onablr, and the fame lhall be done on fuch Days and ac fuch Times (not bring Hay Time or Harveft) and in fuch Parts of the (aid Road as the la d Tfuftccs or their Surveyor or Surveyors (hall from Time to Time order, direct and appoint; and the faid Juftices lhall and may aifo order and direct the Pcrfuns who bv fuch Lifts (hall appear to be fubjeft and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for Sta utc Wotk as atore-faid, to pay fuch Proportion thereof as the laid Juftices (hall think proper to the faid Truftces or their Treasurer, a- fuch Time or Times as they the faid Juftices (hall direct y and in Dvfaulc of Payment thereof the fame (hail and may be iccovercd by Diltr fs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the refpertive Perfons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized or directed to be recovered ; and each and every Periun who (hall ncgleft or reticle to cio Itech Statute Work as alorefaid, alter Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their laft. or ulual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpole, by any Surveyor of the faid Truftces, (hall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horie or HoilVs, B.-sft or Beafts, to be provided by him, her,or them, Ik lubjeft and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties, and Forleiiures as fuch Person or Perfonsmay be fubjeifT or liable to by any Law or Scatute in Force anti F fF &forthe Repair of the Public Highways; and if any Pcrfnn who (hall come to work as a Labourer, or (hall be lent with any Team or Draughc to work on th^ laid Road, (hall be toundidlc or negligent by any Surveyor or Surveyors to the laid Trultecs, (uch Surveyor or Surveyors is and are hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Pcr-fon who (hail be found idle or negligent as aforelaid, and in that Cafe every fuch Pe'lon fending fuch Labourer, Team, or Diaoghr, lhall be fubjtft and liable to tne refpefttve Forfeitures and Payments aforefaid, as if luch Team or Draughc had not been fent to work •••- •	■-	1	on

22$

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

oq any Pjrts of the fait! Road ; all which Forfeitures (hall be paid to the Treafurer to the faid 1 ruftees, and applied towards amending the faid Road; and in c..fe the (aid Surveyor or Surveyors oi the H'ghway for any of the faid P.uithes or Puces, (hall refule or wiluliy negl- d to give in fuch Lifts as aforefaid, or (hall knowingly or wilfullv give in falle or imperfed Lifts, every fuch Su- veyor or Surveyors fo offending Owl tor every fuch Offence forfeit and pay ar.y Sum not exceeding l'ivc Pounds.

LIII. And be it further enaded. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faidTruftees to compound and agree with any P if nor Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Repairs or Statute Work to be by them done on the laid Road or any Part thereof, and alio with Me Inha bitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of and in all or any of the Parifhes or Places in which the faid Road (hail lie, and be fituate, or with the Surveyor of the Highways for fuch Pa.iihes or Places, in which the faid Road (hall lie and be fituate, or with the Surveyor of the Highways for fuch Parifhes or Places, duly authorised for that Purpofe at a public Veftry, for a certain Sum of Money, by the Year or otherwife as the (aid Truftees (hall think reafonable, in lieu of the whole or any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the faid Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the faid Road, which Compofition Money (hall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways or other Officer of the Parilh, or by the Perlon or Perkins fo compounding to the Treafurer or Treafurersof the laid Truftees, in Advance, on or before the Tenth Day of May, in each and every Year, or otherwife the Inhabitants and Occupiers of fuch Parilh or Place (hail not be permitted to compound for that Year.

LIV. And be ir further enafted. That the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them (hall and they are hereby authorized and required, from and immediately after the faid Road (hall be completed, to (hut up and difeontinue or caufe to be (hut and difeontinued, a certain Lane belonging to the faid Earl Coivpcr, called Mill Lane, leading out of the Turnpike Road from Leeds through Hare-wood, paft the Mill at the Bottom of the faid Lane, towards and unto the Harebills or Harebills Lane ; and alfo a certain Footpath leading out of the laid Turnpike Road from Leeds through Hare-wood acrufs a Paiture called Squire Pajl.ire, belonging to the faid Earl Cowper, and from thence paft the faid Mill to the faid Harebills or Harebills Lane (wh ch faid Lane and Fouipa'h will, if this Act fhould pafs into a Law, become ulelefs and unncccffary).

LV. And be it further enacted, That the faid Truftees or any Five or mere of them (h ill and they are hereby authorized and required, from and immediately after the Completion of the faid Road, tofhut up and difeontinue or caufe to be (hut up and difeontinued a certainFootpath leading from and out of the faid Harebills or Harebills Lane unto or towards Red Hall in the Townfhip of Shad-well, in the Parilh of Thomer, in the faid Weft Riding (which laid Footpath will, if this Aft (hould pafs into a Law, alfo become ufeleft and unncccffary).

LVI. And be it further enabled. That the faidTruftees or any Five or more of them (hall and they are hereby authorized and required, from and [Loc. £sf Per.~\	3 L	immediately

Truftees may compound for Statute Wok.

For (hutting up a Certain Lane and Footpath, the Property of Earl Cow per.

For (hutting up a Footpath leading from Hare-hills to Ked Hall.

For (hutting up another L .ne in Itouudhajs.

\

226

Power to compel Pay. it'-n'lif *ub. lcnpuons.

For ftcuri-ig

tranfient

Offenders.

Actions to be brought in the Nome of the Tieafuter

48* GfcOUGII III. Cap. 15.

immediately after ih-* faid Road fhall be completed, to flint u^> and drf-comimie a certain Road or Lane, commencing tac or near a certain F 'rm Moufetn Roundbay aforefaid, now in the Occupation of James Mallerie, and extending from thence to the South Corner of a Clofe of Land alfo in Roundbay aforefaid, called Lodge Hill, near Red Hall aforefaid (which faid Lit mentioned Road or Lane will, if this Adt fliotlld pafs into a Law, become uielcfs and unneerflary).

LVII. And be it further enafted, That all Perfons who have fubferibed to pay any Money towards making and repairing the faid Road, (hall and hr, (he, and they is and are hereby required to pay his, her, and their Suhfcription Money to the Treafurer to the faid Truftees, at fuch Tune or Times as (hall be rppointed by the faid Truftees ; and if any fuch Subscriber lhall negledf or refufe to pay fuch Money as aforefaid, it (hill and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees to fue for and recover the fame by Adtion at Law in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejhninjlcr.

LVIII. And whereas Offences may be committed againft this Adt hy Perfons unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers appointed to put this Adt into Execution ; be it therefore enacted, That it fhall and may be lawful for any.of the laid Truftees or their Clerk orCInks, or the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers refpedtively, and fuch Pcrlon or Pcifons as he or they fhall call to his or their Affiftance, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Adt, to feize and detain any fuch unknown Perfon or Perfons who fhall commit any luchOffence or Offences, and take him, her, or them before any Juft ice of the Peace for the County, Riding or Diftridt near to the Place where the Offence or Offences fhall be committed, or fuch Offender or Offenders feized and apprehended, and fuch juftice is hereby empowered and diredted to proceed immediately to the hearing and determining of the Complaint, or to oblige fuch Perfon or Perfons fo offending to give Security for his, her, or their Appearance at fome Petty Seffions to be holden within and for the laid Weft Riding or Diftncd in which fuch Offence or Offences fhall have been commit! d, to anfwer the faid Complaint-, and the Juftices prefent at fuch Petty Seffior.s, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized ard required to hear and determine the Matter of the faid Complaint in a luminary Way, and upon Convidfion of the Offender or Offenders, either by the Juftice before whom he, ftie, or they fhall be fiift taken, or by the Juftices at fuch Petty Sefitons as aforefaid, it lhall be lawful for fuch Juftice or Juftices refpec-tively to commit him, her, or them to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Coiredfion of the fame County, Riding or Diftrict, there to remain for any T nu not exceeding Twenty-one Days, unlels he, ftie, or they fhall foot er pay the refpective Penalties by him, her, or them incurred for fuch Offence or Offences, together with the Cofts and Charges attending the Conviction and Commitment.

LIX. And be it further enaGed, That the faid Truftees may fue and be (ucd in the Name or Names of their Treafurer or Clerk, or in the Name of any One of the faid Truftees on Behalf of the faid Truftees,

and

48° GEORG II III Cap. t$.

and no fuch Aftion fhali aba:e or be difcontinued by the Death or Removal of the Perfon in whole Name or againft whom the fame lhall be brought or commenced, nor by the Adi of fuch Perfon or Pcrfons, without the Consent of the faid Truftces or any Five or more of them at a Meeting held in puTfuance of this Aft; buc no Inch Treafurer, Clerk, or i'ruf-tee, or any or either of them, (bail be fubjeft to the Payment of any Cofts or Expences on account thereof, but all fuch Cofts and Expences lhall be defrayed out of the Money arifmg by • virtue of this Aft, collected or received by the faid Trofteet.

LX. And be it further enafted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by virtue of this Aft impofed (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwife particularly directed) fnall be levied and recovered by Diftrels and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Juftice of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place where the Offence lhall be committed (which "Warrant fuch Juftice is hereby empowered to grant upon the Confrffion of the Party or upon the Evidence of any credible Witnefs upon Oath, and which Oath luch Juftice is hereby empowered to admimfter) and the Overplus (it any) of the Money arifing by fuch Diftrefs and Sale fhali be returned upon Demand to the Owner of fuch Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Cofts and Charges of making, keeping, and felling the Diftrefs ; and fuch Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered (if not hereinbefore directed to be otherwife applied) (hail be paid to the Treafurer to the faid Truftecs, to be applied towards the Purpofes of this Act; and in cafe fi.fficient Diftrefs fhali nor be found, or fuch Penalties or Forfeitures lhall not be paid forthwith, it lhall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juftice, and he is hereby authorized and required by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to caule the Offender to be committed to the Common Gaol or Houfc of Correction of fuch County, Town, or Place where the Offence lhall have been committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, nor lefs than One Calendar Month, unkfs luch Penalties and Forfeitures fhali be founcr fully paid and latisfied.

LX I. And be it further enacted. That for the more fpeedy Conviction of ail Offenders againft this Act, all and every the Juftice and Juftices of the Peace before whom any Perfcn or Perfohs fi-.all be convicted of any Offence againft this Aft, fhali and may caufe the Conviftionto be drawn up in the Form or to the EfFeft following:

") T3E it remembered. That on the *“• J D jn the Year of our Lord

Day of

and in

of His Majefty’s bv viitiie"of an Aft of

the Year of the Reign of His Majefty is convifted before Juftices of the Peace for the Parliament made and paffed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majefty Kmg George the Third, intituled {here fet forth the Title cfthjs AT, emdfpecify the Offence, and the Time and. Place when and where the fame was committed.'] Given under my [or, our] Hand and Seal [or Hands and SealsJ the Day and Year fjrft before written.

227

or ClerV, or of Truflees.

who are not to he liable to the Payment of Cofts

Recovery and

Application of Penalties.

Direciinj the Form of Conviction.

8

LXII. Fro-

228

Appeal.

riftrefi net to be unlawful for want of Form.

Proceedings n< t to b! (piaihtd lor want of

Form-

Notice of Action to be jived, Plain-tiff not to recover after Tender of Amend! >

4-8°GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

LXII. Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That if any Perfon or Per-fons tliatl think bimfeU, herfclf, or thcmlelves aggrieved by any Thing dtne in purfuance of this Aft, luch Perfon or Fcrlons may appeal to the Judices of the Pc. ce at the Fud General or Quarter Seflions of the Peace to be huldrn for ihe Second Divifion of the faiu Weft Riding of the County of Ylrk, 1 cat after ti e Exp.ration of One Calendar Month from the Time fuch Matter of Appeal (hall have arifen, the Perfon or Perfons appealing haying fiift gi-en Twenty-one Days Notice at lead of his, her or their Intention to bring futh Appeal and of the Matter thereof to theTreafurer or Treafurers or Clerk to the faid Truflees, and within Four Days after fueh Notice, entering into a Recognizance before fomejudice of the Peace for fuch County or Placr, with T wo fufficient Sureties, conditioned to try fuch Appeal and abide the Order thereof, and to pay fuch Cods as (hall be awarded by the Judices at fueh Quarter Seflions; and the laid Jut ticcs in luch Seflions, upon due Pioot of fuch Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of (uch Appeal in a fummary Way, and to make fuch Determination therein and to award fuch Coifs to either of the Parties or otlierwif.- as they Hull judge proper; and the faid Judices may if they fee Caulc mitigate any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and may alfo order fuch further Satisf .cfion to be made to the Party injuied as they fhall judge reafonable; and all fuch Determinations of the faid Judices fhall be Anal, binding, .and condufive upon all Parties, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfeever.

LXIII. And be it further enafted, That where any Didrefs (hall be made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Aft, the Dif-tref- itfdf fhall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the fame be deemed a Trefpafler or Trefpaffers on account of any Defect or want of Form in the Notice, Information, Summons, Conviftion, War'ant of D.d.efs, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor fhall the Party or Parties diduined be deemed a TreipafTer or Trefpaflers ab initio on account of any Irregularity which fhall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties fo didraining, but the Perfon or Perfons aggrieved by fuch Irregularity fhall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Aftion upon the Cafe.

LXIV. And be it further enafted, That no Order, Verdict, Affefimenr, Judgment, or other Proceedings made touching or concerning any of the Mutters aforefaid, or touching or concerning the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders againd this Act, fhall be quafhed or vacated for want of Form, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or by any other Writ of Procefs whatfoever, into any of His Majedy’s Courts of Record at Weflmirfitr, any I.iw or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithdanding.

LXV. And be it further enacted. That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhall recover in any Action to be commenced againd any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing done in purfuance of this Act, unlefs Notice in Writing (hall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Twenty-one Days before fuch Action fhall be commenced, of fuch intended Action figned by the

Attorney

4$° GEORGIJ, IIJ. ,Cfl^ 15.	239

Attorney for the Plain tiff or Plaintiflfs, fpecify ing the Caufe of fuch Ax;tipij* nor (hall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any fuch Action if Tender of luffir-ient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her* or their Attorney, by or on behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before and ifno fuch Action brought; and in cafe no fuch Tender fhall have been made, Tender, Mo-it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any "afdTnto ** fuch Action, by Leave of the Court after fuch Actioifi (lull have been Court, brought, at any Time before Iffue joined, to pay into Court Rich Sum of Motley as he, (he, or they (hall think fit, Whereupon* fuch Proceedings,

Order and judgment (ball be made and given in and by fuch Couit as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Courr.

■*	i io v . i ; •<

LXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted. That no Action or Suit Limitation of (hall be commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing done in Actions, purfuanceof this Act after Six Calendar Months next after the Face committed ; and every fuch Action or Suit fhall be brought and tried in the County of Tork and not elfewhere ; and the Defendant or Defendants in every fuch A61ion or Suit (hall and may plead at his or their Eltftiori fpecially, or the General Iffue, and give this Aft and the fpecial Matter ^eune"l! in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was lawfully done in putfuance and by the Authority ot this Aft ; and if the fame {hall appear to have been fo done, or if any fuch Aftion or Suit (hall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice (ball have been given, or after a fufficient Satisfaftion made or tendered as aforefaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the fame as aforefaid, or (hall be brought in any other County than as aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe the Jury fhall find a Verdift for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon fuch Vtrdift, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall be nonfuited, or difeontinue his, her; or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants {hall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment fhall be given againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every fuch Cafe the Defendant or Defendants lhall recover Treble Cofts, and have fuch Remedy for recovering the fame as anv Defendant hath for Cofts of Suit in other Cafes by Law;

LXVlt. And be it further enafted, That all Orders and Proceedings of S1^"***'* the laid TrufTes (hall be regularly entered in a Book or Books to be kept J Truifcef* {or that Purpofe, and fi jned by the Truftees prefent at the Meeting or to be entered Meetings at which fuch Orders (hall from Time to Time be made or kept ibr ° Proceedings fhall be had, or the major Part of fuch Truftees ; and that ihaU'urpofe, fuch Book or Books {Hall be opened at all ftafonable Times for the Inflection of any of the Truftees appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this and theOri-Aft, without Fee or Reward and fuch Entries being fo figned fhall be copi*»°the r deemed Originals, and the famtf or true Copies thereof lhall be admitted as olio be Evidence thereof in all Courts whatloever.	Evidence.

LXV1IT. And be it further enafted, That this Aft (hall be deemed and Public Act. taken to be a Public Aft, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Jultices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

LX1X. And be it further enafted. That this Aft fhall commence and take place on the Second Tuefdajnext after the pafling thereof, and fhall

Continuance

[Lee. Ss9 Per.}	3	M	be«f,heA«.

30

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

be in Force and have Continuance for and during the Term of Twenty, one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Sclfion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majefty. 1808.



ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

^♦*^*-»***^^*^**4H|H|t**tt**m***W***********************

Cap• 16.

An Adi for inclofing Lands in the Townfhip of Minera, in the Parifh of Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh.	[28th	March	1808.]

WHEREAS there are within the Townfhip of Minera, in the Parish of Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, divers Commons and Wafte Lands, containing in the whole Four hundred and eighty Statute Acres, or thereabouts : And whereas the King’s moil Excellent Majcfty, in Right of His Crown, is feifed of or entitled to the Soil and Seigniority of thefaid Commons and Wafte Lands, as Part of the Revenues of the Principality of Wales: And whereas John Evans, in Right of Mary his Wife, is entitled to Four-fifth Parts or Shares of all the Tvches or Tenths of Corn, Grain, and Hay, yearly arifing, growing, and renewing within the (aidTownfhip of Minera, for and during the natural Life of the faid Mary \ and George Kenyon Efquire, and Jane Ben-nion Widow, are entitled to the Reverfion thereof as Tenants in Common, fubjedt only to the Life Eftate of the faid Mary, the Wife of the faid John Evans : And whereas William Davies Shipley Clerk, Mafter of Arts, Dean of Saint Jfaph, and Vicar ot the PariQi and Parifh Church of Wrexham, is in Right of Inch Vicarage entitled to the Remainder of the faid Tythes; And whereas James Topping Efquire, William Lloyd Efquire, John Jones Efquire, Hugh Meredith Efquire, and fevcral other Perfons, are Owners and Proprietors of Meffuages, Tenements, and Lands, within the faid Townfhip, and in refpcdV thereof, claim Right of Common over and [Loc. S3* Per.']	3	N	upon

234

General Inclafure Aft.

Ut'litv nf luclofare.

Commi (Honer.

Surveyor,

for appoint* ing a new Commiffioner and Surveyor in cafe of Death, Uc.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

upon the faid Commons and Wafte Lands in proportion to their fcvera! Eftates within the faid Townlhip: And whereas an Aft was pafifed in the Forty-firft Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An Ail for

confolidating in One Ail certain Provifions ufually inferted in Ails of Ini lo-fure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the fever al Fails ufually required an the pajfmg of fitch Ails: And whereas the faid Commons and Wafte Lands are, in their prelent State, incapable of any confiderable Improvement; but it would be advantageous to the feveral Pcrfons inte-refted therein if the fame were divided, and fpecific Parts thereof allotted to the refpeftive Proprietors thereof, and Perfons interefted therein according to their refpeftive Rights and Interefts, and fuch Allotments inclofed: But fuch Divifion, Allotment, and Inclofure, cannot be effefted without the Aid and Authority of Parliament ■, May it therefore pleafe YourMajefty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by ar.d with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, ind by the Authority of the fame. That all the faid Commons and Wafte Lands lhall be fet out, divided, allotted, and inclo« fed, as foon as conveniently may be after the palling of this Aft, by Jofiab Boydell, of Keelhendtr in the County of Salop, Gentleman, who is hereby appointed Commiffioner for fettingout, dividing, allotting, and inclofmg the fame, and for carrying this Aft into Executionfubjeft neverthelcfs to the Rules, Orders, and Direftions, mentioned and contained in the faid recited Aft, except in fuch Cafes where the fame aie hereby varied or altered.

II.	And be it further enafted, That Richard Jebb, of Ofweftry in the County of Salop, Land Surveyor, lhall be and he is hereby appointed the Surveyor to aft in the Execution of this Aft.

III.	And be it further enafted. That if the faid Joft ah Boydell and Richard Jebb, or either of them, or their or either of their refpeftive Suc-ceffbrs, fhall die or become incapable of afting, or refufe to aft as Com-miflioner or Surveyor as aforefaid, or lhall, for the Space of One Calendar Month negleft to aft in his refpeftive Office before this and the faid recited Aft is completely executed, then and in fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful for the major Part in Value (fuch Value to be afcert.iined by the Land Tax Afteftment) of the Proprietors or Perfons interefted in the Lands dnd Grounds hereby direfted to be fet out, divided, allotted, and inclofed, or their known Agents or Attornies, who lhall be prefent at a publick Meeting t) be held for that Purpofe in purfuance of Notice in Writing, figned by one or more Proprietor or Proprietors, to be affixed upon the principal Outer Door of the Parilh Church of Wrexham atorefaid at lead Fourteen Days before fuch Meeting, to appoint a new Commiffioner and Surveyor in the room of the faid Jofiab Boydell and Richard Jebb, or either of them, or their or either oi their refpeftive SuctclTors, as (hall die, refufe, nesleft, or become incapable to aft as aforefaid, and fo from Time to Time as often as Occafioo, may require; and every Commiffioner and Surveyor lo to be appointed (hall have the like Power and Authority, and (ball be fubjeft to the fame Rules, Regulations, and Keftriftions, as the Perfon in whofe Place he lhall be appointed wafe veiled with, and fubjeft to, by virtue cf this Aft.

. .IV. And

4^GEORGII III. Cap. 16.	235

IV.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Commiffioner (hall and Commiffionrr he is hereby required to caufe publick Notice to be given in Writing to *^® u'su-in'* be affixed on the principal outer Door of the Parifh Church of Wrexham °r Attcndan-afortfaid, and inferted in one of the Cbejtcr Newfpapers, in cafe any fuch ***■•

(hall be then printed, or in ary other Newfpaper which may be circulated in the fai l County of JDenbigh) of the Time and Place of the firft and every other Sitting or Attendance of the faid Commiffioner, at lead Ten Days before any fuch Sitting or Attendance (Sittings or Attendances by Adjournment only excepted) and all which Sittings or Attendances fhall be held at Wrexham aforefaid, or wirhin Eight Miles thereof; and in cafe the Commiffioner (hall not be prelent at the Time and Place appointed for fuch Sittings or Attendances, then and in fuch Cafe it (hall be lawful for the Pcrfon who (hall aft: as Clerk to the faid Commiffioner to adjourn the fame to any future Day, not exceeding Fourteen Days from the Day of Adjournment; and fuch Clerk (hall give Notice of fuch Adjournment to the faid Commiffioner.

V.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Commiffioner (hall, and he Commiffioner is hereby authorized and empowered to appoint a Clerk, to aflift him in citrk.Pl>0 nt * the Execution of the Powers of this and the faid recited Aft.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That all other Notices otherNoti-neceffary or requifite to be made and given by the faid Commiffioner, C;y’£owtobe (hall be fo made and given by Advertiftments to be inftrted in one of the 6

faid Cbejier Newfpapers, or, in cafe the lame (hall not be then publiffied, then in fome other Newfpaper circulated in the faid County of Denbigh.

VII.	And be it further enafted. That if any Difpute or Difference (hall Commiffioner arife between the Parties interefted in the faid Divifion or Inclofure, or fefences,D * any of them, touching or concerning the refpeftive Shares, Rights, or Interefts which they or any of them now have, or claim to have, in or to

the faid Commons or Wafte Lands in Minera aforefaid, touching the refpeftive Shares or Allotments which they or any of them ought to have of or in the fame refpeftively, it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioner, and he is hereby empowered to hear and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing in this Aft: contained (hall authorize the faid Commiffioner to determine the Title to any Mcfiuages, CoctJges, Lands, or Hereditaments whatfoever.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe the faid Commiffioner commiffioner (hall, upon the hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, toaffen CofU. Objection or Objeftions, to be delivered to him in purfuance of this or

the faid recited Aft, fee Caufe to award any Cofts, it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioner, and he is hereby authorized and empowered, upon Application made to him for that Purpofe, to fettle, affefs, and sward fuch Cods and Charges as he (ball think rcafonable to be paid to the Party or Parties in whofe Favour any fuch Determination (hall be made, by the Pcrfon or Perfons whofe Claim or Claims, Objection or Objeftions, (ball be thereby difallowed or over-ruled; and in cafe the Pcrfon or Perfons who (ball be liable to pay any fuch Cofts and Charges,

(hall refufe or neglect to pay the fame on Demand, then and in fuch Cafe it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioner, and he is hereby au honzed -and required, by Warrant under his Hand directed to any Pcrfon or

Pcrfona

*36	.	48*	GEORGII	III.	Cap. 16.

Perfons whomfcever, to caufe fuch Cofts and Charges to be levied and recovered by Diflrefs and Sale of rhe Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons fo neglefting or refufing to pay the lame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Perfon or Perfons whole Goods and Chattels fliall have been fo diftrained and fold, after deducting the Cofts and Charges attending fuch Diftrefs and Sale.

Allowing Par- IX. Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enaded, That in cafe any rheirVniti Pcff°n or Perlons interefted or claiming to be intertfted in the faid intended at Law.° Divifion and Inclofure, (hall be diflatisfied with any Determination of the faid Commillioner touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of the Right to the Soil of the faid Commons and Wafte Lands, cr of any Rights of Common, or other Rights or Interefts in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby direded to be fet out, divided, allotted, and inclofed, or any Part thereof, it (hall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons fo diflatisfied to proceed to a Trial at Law relative to the Matter fo determined by the faid Commiflioner, at the then next Great Sellions for the County of Denbigh, in calc the fame (hall not be holden within Three Calendar Months after fuch Determination, but if the next Great Seflions for the faid County (hall be holden within Three Calendar Months, then at the following Great Seflions to be holden for the fame County ; and for thatPurpofe, fuch Perfon or Perfons who (ball be diflatisfied with the Dct-rmin .tion of the faid Commiflioner, (hall caufe an Action to be brought, upon a feigned Iflue or I (lues, againft the Perfon or Perfons in whole Favour fuch Determination (hall have been made, within Three Calendar Months next after fuch Determination of the laid Commiflioner, and fliall alio, within One Calendar Month after fuch Determination, give Notice in Writing to the faid Commiflioner of his or their being fo diffatisfied ; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Adion or Adions fliall, and he, die, and they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who (hail appear thereto, andexcepc fuch-Iffue or Iffues, whereby fuch Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled upon may be tried and determined, (fuch Iflue or Ilfues to be fettled by the proper Officer of the Court in which fuch Action or Actions (hall be commenced, in cale the Parties (hall differ about the fame) •, and the Verdiift or Verdids which fhall be given in fuch Adion or Adions ihall be final.binding, and ccnclufive upon all and every Perfon and Perfons whotnfoever, unlefs the Cou t in which fuch Adion or Adions (hall be brought (hall fet afide fuch Verdict or Verd ds, and order a new Tiial to be had therein, which it (hall be lawful for the Court to do, as is ufual in other Cafes; anti after fuch Verdict or Verdids (hall be obtained, and not fet afide by the Cuurr, the faid Commiflioner (hail, and he is hereby required to ad in confo mity thereto, and to allow or difallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined* according to the Event of fuch Trial nr Trials, which Allowances and Dil-allowances fliall be final and conclufive on all Partirs. and the Cofts of fuch A£t on or Actions fliall abide and follow the Event thereof, and be paid and recoverable by Execution, in the fame Manner as other Colls are paid and recoverable in the faid Cuurr, unlels the Judge or Judges bef re whom fuch Action or Adions fliall be tr.ed Ihall certify on the Record that the faid Claim or Objection refpedively, again!! which the Verdid or Verdids fliall be found, was a realunable and probable Claim or Objedion, and fit or proper to be tried at Law, in which Cafe the Colts, of the Par;y fo making fuch u.nfuccefsful Claim or Objection, and ot the 3	'	othet

237

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

ether Party rtfpeftively, fhall be deemed and taken as Part of the Ex-pences of carrying this Aft into Execution, and borne and defrayed as is herein provided in relpeft of fuch Expences : Provided always, that in cafe the Determination of the Paid CommifTioner, touching fuch C airn or Claims of the Right to the Soil of the faid Commons and Wafte Lands, or other Rights or Incerefts in, over, and upon the faid Commons and Wafte Lands hereby direfted to be fet out, divided, allotted, and inclofed, or any Part thereof, fhall not be objefted to, or being objefted to, the Party or Parties objecting fhall not caufe fuch Aftion at Law to be brought and proceeded in within the Time and in Manner herein for that Pi.rpofe afpointed, fuch Determination fhall be final and conclufive upon all Parties.

X. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That if any cf the Par- A^ioni not ties in any Aftion to be brought in purfuance of this Aft (hall die pending p^eniing* the fame, fuch Aftion fhall not abate by reafon thereof, but fhall be pro- of c»mmif-ceeded in as if no fuch Event had happened ; and that no fuch Difference, 1'oner-Aftion, Suir, or Proceeding as aforefaid, nor any Difference, Suit,

Aftion, or Proceeding, touching or concerning the Title to any Lands,

Tenements, or Hered taments, fhall impede, delay, or hinder the faid CommifTioner from proceeding in the Execution of che Powers veiled in him by the faiJ recited Aft and this Aft, but the faid Divifion and Allotment (hall be proceeded in notwithfhnding fuch Differences, Suits,

Aftions, or Proceedings-, and the Lid CommifTioner fhall, and he is hereby required, by proper Matks and Bounds, to fet out the Lands and Grounds which (hall be allotted for or in refpecl of fuch litigated Property, fo that the fame may bediftinguifhed from any other Lands or Grounds, and may be had and taken by the Perion or Perfons who, upon the Determination of fuch Difference, Suit, Aftion, or Proceeding fhall be entitled to the fame.

XL And be it further enafted, That the Surveyor General of His p0*e,- forth* Majcfty’s Land Revenue for the Time being may from Time to Time, by Crown to Writing under his Hand, nominate and appoint anAffiftantCommiflionerto Afliftant*" carry this Aft intn Execution as far as relates to His Majefty’s Rights and Commiflioner. Imerefts to and in the faid Commons and Wafte Lands, and fuch Afliftant Commiflioner, before he proceeds to the Execution thereof, fluff take the lame Oath as the Commiflioner hereby appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, is required to take; and fuch Afliftant Commiflioner fhall be paid at the Rate of Two Pounds and Two Shillings for every Day chat he fhall be actually employed in the Execution of the Duty hereby in him repofed, including the Days of travelling to and from his Place of Abode, in full Satisfaction for his Trouble and Expences, and fliall bear and pay his own Expences during the Time he fhall be fo employed.

XII. And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiflioner by this Allotment for Aft appointed fliall and he is hereby required to fet out and allot fuch Parts *iea'1t.ing Mate* or Portions of the Lid Commons and Wafte Lands in the Lid Townfhip ’ of Mineta, not exceeding in the whole Twelve Statute Acres, in fuch Plate or Places as he fhall judge moft convenient, to be ufed and enjoyed for ever thereafter by the refpeftive Proprietors of Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments, within the Lid Townfhip, who fhall be adjudged to be entitled to any Allotment or Allotments of the Lid Commons or Wafte [Loc.	Per.~\	3 0	Lands

238	4-8°	GEORG II III. Cap. 16.

Lands, and ultimately award the Tame by virtue of this Aft in common for the Furpofe of getting Limeftone, Building Stone, Gravel, Sand, Earth, Marl and Clay to make Bricks, for the Ufe, Benefit, or Improvement of fuch Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments, fituated in the faid Townthip, in Right of which any Allotment or Allotments hath or have been made, as well as for the Ufe, Benefit or Improvement of fuch Allotment or Allotments; and the getting of fuch Stone, Gravel, Sand, Earth, Marl, or Clay, to be got up for the Purpofes aforefaid, and the Labourers to be employed in getting the fame, fhall be and are hereby declared to be fubjeft to fuch Regulations and Reftriftions as the fa;d Commifiioner, by this Aft appointed, (hall in and by his Award direft or appoint, and alfo in the Repairs of the Highways, private Roads and Paths, which now are or hereafter fhall be made within the fame Town-fhip: Provided al ways, that fuch Stone, Gravel, Sand, Earth, Marl, or Clay, or any of them, fhall not, direftly or indireftly, be fold or dif-pofed of to any Perfon ot Perfons whomfoever, or conveyed out of the faid Townfhip under any Pretence whatioever, under the Penalty of Twenty Shillings for every Ton Weight fo fold or conveyed mu of the faid Townfhip, and fo proportionably for any greater or lefs Weight or Quantity, to be paid for fuch Perfon or Perfons fo felling or difpofing of fuch Stone, Gravel, Sand, Earth, Marl, or Clay, to the Overfeers of the Poor of the faid Townfhip of Minera for the Time being, and to be by them accounted for, and applied in Aid of the Poors Rate of the faid Townfhip; and the faid Commifiioner by this Aft appointed may, where Occafion (hall require, fet out and appoint Springs and Pools, and other "Watering Places for Cattle and Beafts, within the faid Townlhip, upon the faid Commons and Wade Lands, and for the common Ufe and Benefit of all Owners or Occupiers of MefTuagcs, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the faid Townfhip.

Not to alter XIII. Provided neverthelefs, and be ic further enafted, That it fhall

coarfes. not	f°r	ihefaid Commifiioner to alter or change the Courle of

any ancient Watc-rcourfe or Land Drain for the Purpofes aforefaid, or for any other Purpofe or Purpofes whatfoever, without the Confent in Writing of the Proprietor or Proprietors of fuch Lands or Hereditaments, who fhall or may be deprived of or prejudiced in the Ufe or Benefit to be derived from the Water or Drainage which might otherwife have pafifed through his, her, or their Lands, if the Dircftion of fuch Watercourfe or Land Drain had not been changed or altered, but that the fame (hall be and remain as the fame hath hitherto ufually been \ any 1 hingin this Aft contained to the contrary notwithflanding.

Power to fell XIV. And be it further enafted, That the faid Commifiioner by this defray Ex-	Aft appointed fhall and he is hereby required to fet our, afeertain, and

pence».	allot, fo much and fuch convenient Parc and Parts of the faid Commons

and Wafle Lands, as in his Judgment fhall be lufficient to raife a competent Sum of Money for paying and defraying the Charges and Expences of obtaining and palling this Aft, and ail other incidental Charges and Expences whatfoever, for or by reafon of or preparatory to the faid intended Divifion and Inclofure, and of carrying this Aft into Execution; and fuch Allotment or Allotments fhall be fold and difpofed of by public Auftion, and not otherwife, in the Manner direfted by the Lid recited Aft, and the Purchafe Money fhall be applied for the Purpofes aforefaid.

6

XV. And

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

XV.	And be it further enadted, That in cafe any Surplus (hall remain after all fuch Charges and Expences (hall have been fully paid and fatis-fied, (uch Surplus (hall be divided and apportioned between the feveral Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, according to their feveral and refpedtive Intrrefts therein, or otherwife fuch Surplus (hall be paid into the Bank of England, in Manner diredled by the (aid recited Adi, with refpedt to Money thereby diredled to be paid into the Bank, for the Purchafe or Exchange of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and winch Sum of Money ought to Joe laid out in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the fame Hies.

XVI.	And be it further enadted, That in cafe it (hall be found necef-fary, before fuch Sale can be effedted, to raife any Sum or Sums of Mcney for defraying the Expences aforelaid, it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioner by this Ad! appointed to borrow and take up at Intereft fuch Sum or Sums of Money as he lhall, from Time to Time, think nectfiary for the Purpofcs aforefaid •, which Money, fo to be borrowed, (hall be repaid with Intereft at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, out of the Monies to be railed by fuch Sale as aforefaid.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That in cafe the Money to be raifed by fuch Sale as aforefaid (hall not be lufEcient to pay and defray all the Cofts, Charges, and Expences as aforefaid, and of repaying the Money fo To be borrowed by any Sum not exceeding One thoufand Pounds, then the Deficiency (hall be made up by the fcvenl Pcrfons interefted in the faid Commons and Wafte Lands, and (hall be paid in fuch Shares and Proportions, and within fuch Time, and to fuch Pcrfon or Pcrfons as the faid Commiffioner by this Adt appointed, (hall diredt, nominate, and appoint; or in cafe any Expences (hall be incurred in the Execution of any of the Powers and Provifions of this and the faid recited Adt, which ought to be borne and defrayed by any pariicular Ptr-fon or Perfons, and not out of any Money to be raifed for the G.neral Purpoles of this Adt, then the fame (hall be paid in fuch Shares and Proportions, and by fuch Petfon or Perfons, and within fuch Time, and to fuch Peifon or Pcrfons as the faid Commiffioner by this Adt appointed lhall diredt, nominate, and appoint; and in cafe any Pcrfon herein-be/ore made fubjedt to the Payment of any Money towards fuch Cofts, Charges, and Expences as aforefaid, (hall negledt or refufe to pay his or her Share or Proportion thereof within the Time to be appointed as aforefaid, or at any Time after upon Demand, the fame fliall and may be levied and recovered in Manner directed by the faid recited Adt.

XVIII.	And be it further enadted, That out of the firft Monies to be raifed or borrowed by virtue of this Adt, the faid Commiffioner by this Adt appointed (hall and he is hereby required, in the firft Place, to pay and detray all the Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and paffing of this Adt, together with lawful Intereft for the fame, from the Time fuch Monies rcfpedtivdy fliall have been adtually advanced.

239

Application

of Surplus Money,

Commiffioner may borrow Monev to dr-fray Expences till Sals of Land.

D.-ficiency(;f any! to be mads up by the Proprietors.

For paying Expinres of this Ait.

XIX.	And

240

P ower to mike Ex Change*.

Far paying the ExpenKS of Sale, and making Exchanges.

Accounts to be fettled and audited by a Committee

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

XIX.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiflioner by this Aft appointed to fet out, allor, and award any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatfoever, within the faid Town-fhip of Mwera, or in the f id Parilh of Wrexham, in lieu of and in Exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatever within the faid Townfhip or Parilh, or within any adjoining Townihip, Parilh, Hamlet, or Place, provided that all fuch Exchanges be afeer-tained, fpecified, and declared in the Award of the faid Commiflioner appointed by this Aft, and be made with the Confent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Propiietors of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which fhall be fo exchanged, whether fuch Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, fhall be a Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Sample or far Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtefy of England, or for Years determinable on a Life or Lives, or with the Confent ot the Guao ians, Trull es, Feoffees for charitable or other Ufes, Hufbands, Committees, or Attornies of orafting for any fuch Owners or Proprietors as afore aid, who, at the Time of making fuch Exchange or Exchanges, fhall be re-fprftively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, or under any legal Difability, or who (hall be bevond the Seas, or otherwife difabled to aft ror them-fclvcs, himfelf, or herfelf (fuch Confent to be teftified in Writing under the Common Seal of the Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other confenting Parties refprftively); and all and every fuch Exchange and Exchanges, fo to be made, lhail be good, valid, and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purpofes whatloever: Provided neverthelefs, that no Exchange fhall be made of any Linas, Tenements, or Hereditaments, held in Right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclefiaflical Benefice, without the Confent, teftified as aforefaid, of the Patron thereof, and of the Lord Bifhop of the Diocefe in wh ch fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fo to be exchanged, fhall lie and be fituate.

XX.	And be it further enafted. That all Cofts, Charges, and Expences attending the making of any Sale, Exchanges, or Partitions, to be made by virtue of the faid recited Aft or this Aft, lhall be paid, borne, and defrayed by the feveral Perfons making fuch Sales, Exchanges, and Partitions, in fuch Manner and in fuch Proportions as the faid Com-milTioner by this Aft appointed lhall, by his faid Award, order and direft.

XXL And be it further enafted, That the Accounts of the faidCom-miflioner by this Aft appointed, containing a true Statement of all Sums of Money by him received and expended, or due to him for his own Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Aft, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, fhall, once in every Year during the Execution of this Aft, at a Meeting to be held for that Purpofe (until fuch Accounts fhall be finally fettled and allowed) be examined by any Three or more of the faid Proprietors who (hall be nominated by the major Part in Value (fuch Value to be afeertained by the Land-Tax AflcffmenO of the faid Proprietors or their known Agents or Attornies prefent at luch Meeting, of which Meeting Notice in Writing fhall be given and affixed upon the principal outer Door of the faid Parilh Church of IVrexham, at caft Ten Days before fuch Meeting, by the faid Commiflioner by this

48° GEORGJI III. JJap.ib,	Ul

Act appointed; and the Balance^ by them pr the major Part of therrt

prefent at fuch Meeting, (hall be dated in the Books of Accounts required

to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the faid Commiflioner; and no

Charge or Item in fuch Accounts (hall be binding on the Parties con- ...	j

cerned, or be valid in Law, unlefs the fame (hall have been duly allowed

by the fa id Prop.ietors who (hall be lb nominated, or the major Part of „

them prefent at fuch Meeting.	:	•*'

XXII.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiflioner by this.

Aft appointed (hall be allowed the Sum of Two Pounds and Two Shillings "yor" Alter every Day that he (hall be aftually employed in the Execution of lowsyce. this Aft, including Days of necelfary travelling as well as others, in full Satisfaction for his Time, Trouble, and Expences refpefting fuc h Employment-, and the faid Surveyor (hall be allowed tbeSum ofOnePoundtmft OnCj Shilling for every Day that he (hall be aftually employed in the; Execution of this Aft (Expences included) except fuch Days as he fhall be employed-in furveying, mcafuring, and mapping, for wh,ich h? (hall be allowed at, the Rate of One Shilling for every Acre which he (hall fo furvey, mcafqrct, and map.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Comnrflioncr by. Allotment to this Aft appointed (hall (after the Boundaries difefted to be ft( put and m«il<E<c*l-afeertained by the faid recited Aft lhall have been alcertained and fully lent Majdly. determined, and the Roads, and the l'cveral Allotments for getting Mate-'

rials, and for Sale, as herein-before mentioned, lhall have been ret oup and afllgned, and before any other Allotment (hall be made or fet out), allot or fee out to the King’s molt Excellent Majefty, His Heirs and Succeflbrs, with the Concurrence and Approbation in Writing of the faid Afiillant Commiflioner, and not otherwile, fo much and luch Part or Parts of the faid Commons and Wade Lands as (hall be equal to Ones twentieth Part in Value of the fame.

XXIV.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiflioner by this Allotment of Aft appointed (hall divide, fet out, and allot the Refidue and Remainder thc Rdldue' of thc faid Commons and Watte Lands to and amongft the faid James 'Topping, William Li,yd, John Jones, Hugh Meredith, and all other Per, fons entitled to Right of Common upon the laid Commons and Wafte Lands within the faid Townlhip of Miner a, rateably and in Proportion according to the Value of their refpeftive Mefluages, Lands, Teneincutsj or Hereditament?, in refpeft whereof they dial) be adjudged to be flfverally entitled to fuch Right of Common, and which Value (hall be afeertained and fixed by the faid Commiflioner by this Aft appointed ; but in cafe i| fhall happen that the fame Perfon or Perfons is or are feifed of Mefluages,

Lands, or Hereditaments for Life only, and of the Fee Simple or Inheritance of other Mefluages, Lands, or Hereditaments within the faid Town-fhip, and .Hull be entitled to Right of Common in refp ft of both fuch Eftates, then and in fuch Cafe the faid Commiflioner by this Aft appointed, upon the Requeft in Writing of fuch Perfon or Peffons, or o^ bis, her, or their Agent or Attorney, (hall let out and allot the Shafe or Proportion of fuch Perfon or Perfons in refpeft of his, her, or their different Eftates, indiftinft and feparate Parcels from each other, fo that tho Portion of Common awatded in refpeft of the Meflfuagesi, Lands, or Hoe* ditaments held for Life, or fettled Eftate, be no Way intermixed with, but [Ltf.	3	P	kept

ft* 4'

Commiflioner, in hi8 Award, to diredl hy whom FcnCes arc to be made.

Encroach-

ments.

48* G E O R G11 III. Cap. 16.

kept frpatate from the Portion awarded in refpeft of the unfettlcd of other Ettaie.

XXV.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiffi oner by this Aft appointed (hall, and he is hereby required in and by his Award, to direft and declare how and in what Manner, and by whom, the fences between the feveia! Allotments to be made andfet out under and by virtue of this Aft, (hall be made, and by whom the fame fhall for ever thereafter be kept in Repair.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted, That all Encroachments, exclufive of the Cottages and ocher Ereftions thereon, taken from die faid Commons and Wafte Lands within the Space of Twenty Years before the prflino of this Aft, or that have been laid open within the Space of Twemy Years, fhall be dtemed Part and Parcel of the faid Commons and Wafte LmJs hereby direfted to be divided and inclofcd, and the fame mav be let out and allotted to the Pcrfon or Perfons in Poffrffion thereof, if fuch Petf n or Perfons fhall be entitled to any Share or Allotment upon the faid intended Divifion and Inclofure, and fhall have been in PofTe/Tion of fuch Encroachments before the Firft Day of June One thouland eight hundred and feven, and fhall requeft the fame by Wiiting under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, or under the Hand of his, her, or their Atrorney or Agenr, at or before the Third Sitting or Attendance of the faid Commiffioner by this Aft appointed, fo that fuch Encroachment or Encroachments (wh eft the faid Commiffioner is ro value as Common or Wafte Lands, without confidering the E-eftions and Improvements made thereon) do not exceed in Value the Allotment or Allotments to which fuch Pcrfon or Perfons fhall be entitled in lieu of his, her. or their Right of Common, and if the fame fhall noc exceed fuch Allotment or Ail jtments. the Surplus fhall be fevered and fenced out at the Expence of the Perfon or Perfons fo having encroached, and may be allotted to Ibme other Pcrfon or Perfons entitled to an Allotment or Allotments, unlefs the Perfon or Perfons in Pofieffion of fuch Encroachment or Encroachments fhall bedrfirous of pur-chafing fuchjSurplus, and fhall pay to the faid Commiffioner by this Aft appointed fuch Price for the fame as fuch Comnrffioner lhal! fix, the Money to be applied towards the general Purpofes of this Aft, in which Cafe fuch Surplus fhall be awarded to the Perfon or Perfons in PofTeffion thereof, and having purchafed the fame as aforefaid; and in cafe it lhall happen that fuch Encroachments or Ereftions have been made by Pcrlons not entitled to any Right of Common, the faid Ccmmiffiooer by this Aft appointed fhall fet a Value on all fuch Ereftions, and the fame lhall pafs with the Lands on which they fhall happen to ftand to the Perfon or Perfons to whom the faid Commiffioner fhall allot fuch Land, he, fhe, or they paying to the Perfon or Perfon* at whofe Expence fuch Ereftions were made, luch JSum of Money as the laid Commiffioner by this Aft appointed fhall have valued fuch Ereftions at; and if fuch Perton to whom fuch Land fhall be allotted fhall relufe to pay foch Valuation, then the Perfon at whofe Expence fuch Ereftions fhall have been'made fhall have and enjoy luch Cottages and Ereftions for fuch Time, and at fuch Ground Rent or Acknowledgement, payable to the Perfon to whom the faid Land fhall be allotted,

.*and in fuch Manner, as the faid Commiffioner by this Aft appointed fhall direft and appoint,

XXVII. Provided

480 GEORGII IRC Cap.t6.	*43

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That it (hall b'e Comrmffioner lawful for ihe Lid Commillioner by this Adi appointed, at any Time before A?w™*on«,lSS the Execution of his Award, to make fuch Alterations in the Allotments the Aliot-and Fences which he mty have fetout and ordered, as he (hall think right ["'"Execution and expedient; and in cafe any Perfonor Perfons (hall happen to be injured oftheAwud. by fuch Alterations, or on Account of any Expences he, (he, or they may have been at, the faid Commillioner (hall afeertain and determine what Kecompence (hall be made to him, her, or them, and (hall dircdl by whom, and in what Manner, fuch Recompence (hall be made.

XXVIII.	And be it further enadted, That when and fo foon as the faid Commiflioner by this Adi appointed (hall have afeertained the refpedlive Shares, Rights, and Interefts of the faid Proprietors in the Common and Wafte Lands to be inclofed by virtue of this Adt, and a!fa the refpedtive Shares and Proportions by him propofed to be allotted to fuch Proprietors refpedtively in lieu thereof, the faid Commillioner by this Adt appointed fhsil give Notice, in Manner aforefaid, of fome convenient Time and Place when and where all Proprietors and Perfons interfiled may perufe a Schedule of fuch intended Allotments, and a Map or Plan whereon the fame (hall be fet out and delineated, and may have and receive a Copy of fuch Schedule, fo far as the fame relates to fuch Proprietors refpedtively.

XXIX.	And be it further enadled. That the Award to be made by the faid Commillioner, when enrolled in Manner diredled by the faid recited Adt, fhall be depofued in a Tin Box, and (hall be kept in the Pat i(h Church of Wrexham aforefaid.

XXX.	And be it further enadted, That the faid Commiflioner by this Adt appointed (hall, and he is hereby required, to make an Excradt on Parchment under his Hand and Seal, of fo much of his Award as (hall contain an accurate Defcription of the Allotment or Allotments which (hall be made to His faid Majefty, in refpedt of the faid Townftiip of Minera, together with fuch Regulations or Provifions relative to fuch Allotment or Allotments, or to any other Rights or Interefts of His Majefty, as may be contained in fuch Award, and alfo a Map or Plan of fuch Allotment or Allotments, and tranfmit the fame to the Surveyor General of His Majsfty’s Land Revenue for the Time being, within Six Calendar Months after the making and executing the faid Award, to be by him filed and kept among the Muniments of his Office.

XXXI.	And be it further enadled. That for the Encouragement of The frit Agriculture, the Firft Two Crops of Corn, or other Produce, obtained by Crops [nfrh0'B Tillage in ali and every the faid Allotments (except fuch Parts thereof its Tythe. have already paid Tythe, or have been adlually tilled before the palling of

this Adi) (ball be exempt from the Payment of Tythes; and that from and after the taking of luch Two Crops as aforefaid, the future Crops fhali be liable to Tythe in the fame Manner as other inclofed Lands tn the faid Townfhip; and fuch Encroachments as have already yielded Tythes, or have been adtuallv’ tilled before the paffihg of this Act, Ihall continue to do fo, notwithftar.ding the aforefaid Exemption.

Pioorirtars

XXXII.	And be it further enadled, That it (hall be lawful for any Per- mav itii thsir fon or Perfon3 interefted in the laid Commons or \Yafte Lands, at any

Time Execution of Award.

An Extract of

fo mu;h of the CommiC. iioncr'l Award, as defciibes the King’s Allot, merit, to be made and

tranlinitted to the Surveyor General of the Land Revenue.

Notice for per riling S h <nl' ana rVaps of intended A!-iomenu to be given.

244	4^* GE0RGI1 III. Cap. 16.

Time before the Execution of the Award of the faid Commiffioner, to-fell and dilpol'eof allfuch Eftate, Right, and Intereft, as he, (he, or they hath or have in, to, or upon the faid Commons and Waile Lands, or in of to any Allotment or Allotments to be made in refptft thereof by virtue of this Aft, feparate from luch Eftate in Right whereof he, lhe, or they is, are, or fhall be I'o entitled j and in cafe cf any fuch Sale, it lhali be lawful for the faid Commiffioner by this Aft appointed, and he is hereby authorized and required, to allot che fame to the Purchaler or Purchafers thereof refpeftivcly, who (hall, immediately after the Execution of fuch Award a3 aforefaid, have, hold, ufe, and enjoy fuch Allotment or Allotments, and fhall have, ufe, and exercife any Aft of Ownerfhip in and upon the lame, in as full, large, am pie and beneficial a Manner, to all Interns ar.d Purpolej, as the former Vendor or Proprietor thereof could or might have done in Cufe any luch Sale or Sales hid not been made.

Perfon, ag- XXXIII. And be it further enafttd, That if any Pcrfon Or Perfons fhall grieved may think himfelf, herfclf, or themfelves aggrieved by any Thing done in pu -Quarur°th* fuance of this or the laid recited Aft	(except	in fuch Cafes where the D -

Svffions,	termination of the faid Commifiioner	is herein direfted to be final and cqn-

clufive, or where anlflueat Law lhali be tried as herein-before direfted) then and in every fuch Cafe he, (he,	or they	may appeal to the General

Quarter Scflions of the Peace to be	held in	and for the faid County of

Denbigh next after the Caufe of Complaint lhali have arifen, giving Fifteen Days Notice of fuch Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, in Writing to the faid Commiffioner by this Aft appointed ; and the Juftices at their General Quarter SefTions, not being interefted in the Matter of fuch Appeal, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the fame, and to make fuch Order therein, and award fuch Damages and Calls, as to them in their Difcfetion fhall feem meet 3nd reafonable, and by their Order or Warrant, to levy fuch Damages and Cofts by Diftrtfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties direfted to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels, after dedufting the reafonable Charges cf every fuch Diftrefs and Sale •, which Determination of die faid Juftices lhali be final and conclufive to all Parties concerned, and lhal! not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefs whatfuevtr.

*rtiu or th« XXXIV. And be it further enafted. That nothing in this or the faid not to* rec*te(f Aft contained lhali extend or be conftrued to extend to revoke, artic”With, make void, alter, or annul any Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any *c.	Perfon	or Perfons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion,

Debts, Rents, or Incumbrances, out of, upon, or affefting the Lands or Grounds to be divided, allotted, inclofed, or exchanged, in purfuance of this or the faid recited Aft, or any Pa:t or Parts thereof refpeftively ; but that the refpeftive Perions to whom any Lands or Heteditaments lhali be allotted or given in Exchange by .virtue of this or the fa d recited Aft, fhall be feifed thereof to fuch and the fame Ufcs, and for luch and the fame Eltaces, and fubjeft to fuch and the fame Wills, Jointures, Charges, Rents, and Incumbrances, and no other, as the Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments whereof fuch Pcrfon was feifed or poffcffed at or immediately before the Execution of the Award of the faid Commiffioner by this Aft appointed, or for which or in relpeft whereof fuch Allotments or Exchanges lhali be 6	made,

24-5

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap.\ 6.

made, would have been fubjed to, charged with or aftVdcd by, ir. Cafe this Ad bad nor. been made.

XXIV. And be it further enaded, That no L~afe or Leafes afT.-fting Cummi(1-0Rit any ot the Lands and Htrediiam-nts, in refped of whh 1j any Allotment er nott. or Allotments of the faid Lands or Grounds hritby din-cud to be divided and inclof d, (hail be awarded by virtue ot this Ad, fh.dl be made void, but that the fame (hall remain and continue in full Force and Effect, and that the Lrffee or LeflTce? therein refpedively (lull have, hold, and enjoy, all and every fuch Allotment and Allotments fo to be made by virtue of this Ad in refped of the feveral Lands and Hereditaments in their relpedive Occupations, for the Rcfidue of their refpedivc Terms orlnrerefts then to come and unexpired in fuch refpedive Leafes, fuch LefTee and Lrffces pay-, ing a juft and fair Proportion, in rtfped of fuch Leafe or Leafes, of the Charges and Expe< ces of obtaining and executing this Ad, to be fettled and adjuftcil by the Lid Commifliuner by this Ad appointed, in proportion to their refpedive Intertfts therein.

XXXVI Provided always, and be itenaded and declared,That nothing in SaT;nst'ie this A i contained Iball prejudice or defeat the Right or Inrcreft of H s.Ma- Rights of jefty, H.s Heirs or Succtffjrs,or of the Right Honourable Robert EnlGre/-venor, his Heirs or Afligns, or anyPerfjn or Pcrfons claiming or to chum h ts or ,U-by, from, or under, or in Trull for him, them, or any of them, or any of jji,"lse’t.a"sthe the Anceftors of the faid Robert Earl Grofvenor, in and to all Mines, Ores, under the Minerals, and Coals, of what Nature or Kmdfoever, in and under the (aid Commons and Wafte Lands; but thatHisfaid Majdty, His Heirs and Suc-ceffors, and the laidf?»£c/-r Earl Grofvenor, his Hetrs ar(d Afligns, and fuel? other Pcrfon or Petfons as aforeiaid, and their Leffre or Left'ces, Agents,

Servants, Colliers, Miners, and other..Workmen, (hall and may from Time to Time, and at all Times heyeafter^ enter into, have, hold, enjoy, fearch, and work all Mines, apd Mine Works, Pirs, Pjolys, Beds, Veins, and other Bearings of Mine?, Ores, Minerals, and Coals wlutfoever, as fully and effedualiy, to all Intejus and Purpole?, as they.couid have had, held, or enjoyed the fame before the palling pf thisAd, and for that Purpofe (hall and mav ule all Pits, Shafts, Levels, Soughs, and Tunnels, already open and funk in any iff p|ie faid Commons and Wafte Lands, and aft Machines,

Engines, and Buildings thereon ere&ed or (landing, together with/ull and free Liberty, Power, and Authority, to and for His faid Majrfty, His Heirs and Succeffbrs, and the faid Robert Earl Grofvenor, his hlei s and Afligns, and all other Perfons who fhall hereafter for tbeTime being be entitled to the Mines and Minerals therein, and his and their Lelfee and Lcflees, and their and every ot their Agents, Servants, Miners* Golhcrs, and other Workmcp, to (ink, dig, delve, drive, and work all and every or any Humber of Pus,

Shafts, Levels, Soughs, and Tunnels, which they (hall think neccifary for difeovering, fearchirig for, raiftng, or getting any Mines, Ores, Mineral?, and Coals whatloever, in or under the faid Commons and Wafte Lands, and to dig and raife Clay for m.'king and burning of Bricks, Tries, Gutters, and Ridges, in and upon any Pail of the faid Commons and Wafte Lands, as well before as after the fame (hall have been inclofed, for the Ule of any Colliery or Collieries now open, or hereafter to be opened therein, and for repairing any old or ere&iog any new Buildings which may be ne.eflary for tarrying on or working any Mine or Mmes whatlo-ever, and alfo to eie&any Number of Steam or other Engines, .Machine [Loc. & Per.}	3	g	or

246

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

or Machines, of what Nature or Kind foever, which they (hall think ne-« ceffary for the Ule, Convenience, and Advantage of any Mine or Mines, whatfoever, in or upon the faid Premifes, or any Part thereof, and to place, flack up, and lay all Lead, Copper, Iron, and other Ores, Coals, and other Minerals and Matters, which lhall be gotten and railed, and all Rubbifh, Earth, and Soil upon the faid Commons and Wafte Lands, and to make, burn, or convert Coal and Culm into Charcoal or Cokes 5 and alio to have, make, and ufe all convenient Ways, Hoads, and Rati* ways, in, upon, and over the faid Commons and Wafte Lands, when inclofed, for the Ufe of any Colliery or Mines funk or made, or which may be funk or made in any Part or Parts thereof, and for working and carrying on the lame, and with Carts, Waggons, and other Carriages, to fetch, take, and carry away the Lead, Copper, and Iron Ores, and Coal, and other Mines and Minerals whatfoever there to be found and railed as aforefaid, and to do all other necelLry and reafunable Adt- and Tnings in and upon the fame Commons and Wafte Lands, when inelofed, for the difeovering, getting, working, converting, removing, carrying away, felling, and dilpofing of all Mines, Coals, and other Minerals whatfoever, without any Moleftation or Interruption, in fuCh and the fame M inner as if this Adi had not been ma e, and making Satif-fadlion for the Damage or Injury thereby done, to the Perfon or Perions, B id or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, l'uftaining fuch Damage or Injury.

saving <0 Hia XXXVII. And be it further enacled, That nothing herein contained Riglln uf1'* (hidl extend or be conftrutd to expend to defeat, leffen, or prejudice the Juiiidjction. Right, Title, or Intercft of His Majelly, His Heirs or Succrffjis, or of his or their Leffee or Leffees, Steward or Stewards, for the Time being, of and for the faid Townftiip of Miner a, of, in, or to the Seigniories and Royalties incident and belonging to the faid Townlhip, but that His laid Majcfly, His Heirs and Succeliors, and His or their Leffee or Leffces, Steward or Stewards thereof for the Time being, (hall and may from Time to Tim*, and at all Times hereafter, hold and enjoy all the Rents, Services, Courts, Pciquifites and Profits of Courts, Deodands, Waits, Eltajs, Forfeitures, and other Royalties, Privileges, Pre-eminences, Maneiial Jurifdidtion, and Appurtenances whatfoever, to the faid Town* fhip or to the Steward thereof incident or appendant, belonging or appertaining, (other than and except any Right to the Soil upon and in the faid Commons and Wafte Lands intended to be inclofed by virtue of this Adi, and other than and except all Quar ies. Springs, and other Matiers, btfidcs Mines and Minerals now belonging or which may hereafter belong to His Majelly, His Heirs or Succtffors) under the lame, which Quarries, Springs, or other M .tcers, (except Mines and Minerals as afoieuid) are to bciong to the fevcral Perions, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to whom Allotment lhall be made by virtue of this Adi, in as full, ample, and bene, fii ial Manner, to all Intents and Purpofes, as they could or mighc have held or injoytd the fame before the palling of this Adi, or in cafe the fame had not been made.

General	XXXVIII.	Saving	always	to	the	King’s	mod	Excellent	Majelly,	His

Saving. Heirs and Succeffors, and to all and every other Perfon and Perions, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs, Succeffors, Executors, and Adminiftratois (except the fevcral Perfons to

q '	L	whom

247.

48° GEORGII HI. Cap. 16.

whom any Allotment or Allotments (hall be made in purfuance of this Aft, for and in refpeft of fuch Rights and Interefts as are hereby meant and intended to be barred, dcltroyed, and extinguilhed, and all Perfms refpeftively claiming under them, or in Remainder after them) all luch Eftate, Right, Title, and Intercft, as they, every or any of chem, could or ought to have had and enjoyed in, to, or out of the Lands and Grounds hereby direfted to be divided, allotted, and incloled, before the pafTing of this Aft, or in cafe this Aft had not been made.

XXXIX. And be it further enafted, That this Act fhall be printed by the Pi inter to the King’s moil Excellent Majefty ; and a Copy thereof, fo printed, (hall be admitted as Evidence thereof by ail Judges, Jullitcs, and others.

Act to he ta«

ken in Evi-deme whea

printed by the King's, Primer-

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Akdrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majefty. 1808.

•,

»*J *d c: jjA

-i7.{ m mi

i

• iXilHH



yli aoHfjn i

• <> .*\«S	.	1	IIOAO&O	^	' ~

• ' ••!; 10..9	tm so i|a • i ;*?n-<m KA vru rcnf#

' •■*	.	j	„	^	,'|	f	:	!(	.1	•	•	I	■	|	„•»	<»	*

Vj iui. I. . s»rrf 0i ~ ■ ’ v .

p .	-	JT-J	•	>	'	/'■>	.	’	I	'i-	:	.rvi	*>

’	—	H	,........its	q

' '

J" J	'	'	nils	<n	'	vj|	•/•	pi-tiu.S

- •• i	«...	.	it	o.	....	i	ad	li«dl ■ :tj

i'/.v:	:	^I82r	■'	....... - •	“v’5

mm$(.	-

*•*•***♦»“*»»**»■ '•■"'■J. ............... •‘*W##** * ■

<’ ' -

.'Jj> no

;->r : ,;?yo<k,T	Sfi3	r<>>	ft A	•'

f n • >	'	I	r	u*»^nfl	bn&	*YSty/tjspH	- r - •:*

I yrrin ^ •«? ir *•« T vd	aw*l/I	*t*	'iAOWIflt	JF S’

y	S’.i	its	■	.»H»	h	■■	Si»8	tr«:	;	«u»	\	iV •?

•)P-vr-	km	*♦	Ok	imiigtHU	‘jtfwktte	-rt	%	V

..- I ■»■■■> 1*	It#	btr'-	up	O'	it)	r	:	hr!	irt	h"

JV *	•>.	r>	*	.•>	' •■'•• •'	»	«|>	-.ft-

gr'''V	!•>	'	>i	t	•-;■•.

if lyrtofeBtaMt .••: ••.-	'	f	4>'r&	■■•.-<	•mv-t*'**	"if/WOl’

19fi»?IM	»»	‘MWN	V*M^<	»*t	■	'	• I 71	!	--	..‘11-

'

,vr -	4	-j	rfji	■	.:•	■	rfl	{-obit	  i	•	-*s.vr-	•	!.•'

tl ■'!■	"	!!-■	■	■■■ • •'•>«	.	If

to ter ’tn ib (| v» t b	,i«	>	nr	A,	•/.'*’	•	■	••	.	.

Hmtt * p *J*Wr PO4'.1- -rthr be:- •	‘	.V	.*«••	i	A < i>v»'' > «te

fli > iitjjtH aw	A	rlj	-	.-nt	y.-	.

•

:i»-.j	••*	■(.	:•	l	.hit

t»i ’> seb iv ,>'#H iiOn ny.lrv •■■ v«K'i tn * -**C*

ri3-.-r io no?, jl^is.Mils	■	bl	iy	u-i-	t-r	O'VPrJt?--	V-	..-	9

?v>©t’s «n MiSfihu ■■ ■	.’-	re.	:■	:■	t-rflslhr?	•*r4*tH>

'

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*»WMtM«*******V********X****«**********«****** *******

Cap. 17.

An Adi for regulating the Statute Labour, and repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Dumbarton.	[14-th -dpril 18 o8. J

WHEREAS the Powers granted by Law in Scotland relative to Highways and Bridges, and the Services in Work and Money which are thereby authorized to be exadled and levied, having been found inefficient to amend and keep in repair the Roads and Bridges within the County of Dumbarton, an A£t was parted in the Twenty-fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for regulating the Statute Labour therein, and granting a Converlion in lieu thereof in the Laid County ; but the fame is about to expire, and other and further Powers being necrrtary in order effectually to carry the Intention of the faid Laws inro Execution; May it therefore pk-afe Your Majefty, That it may be enaded ; and be it ena&ed by the King’s molt Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advi .e and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common', in this pnfent Parliament artembled, and by the Authority cf the fame. That all and every Perfon who is or lhall be at any Time after the pafling of this Ad, in his own Right or in the Right of his Wif;, in the adual Poffcffion and Enjoyment as Proprietor or Life-renter of the Dominium utile of Lands lying in the County of Dumbarton, valued in the Crfs Books of the faid County at One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Kent, and theeldeft Son of every Perfon pofferted of Two hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent aa above, [Loc. & Per."]	3	R	the

1

Truftees far . executing the Act.

250	4-S6	G	E O R G11 III. Cap. 17.

the Provoft and any One of the Baillies of Dumbarton, or in t'’e Abfence of the P ovoft rheTw > Baillirs, ihc eldrft B illie of Kukintillmk, and the Baron Bail 11cto th. Time b- i g onrach of theEflates otRofeneatbirulCumbernauld, One of the Goa tliw » or Trusts ot Minors, and the Factor or Baron Badlie for the Time be ng or each nor.-reftdent Herin r, fuch Minors and Heritors having One hu>drrd Pounds Soots of Valuation as aforelaid, fhall be and they aie hrreby nominated and appointed Truftees for making and repairing he Highways, Roads, and Brid ges, within the laid County, and tor executing all other the Powers Oy his A£t given and granted: Provided always, that fuih Faitors or Baton B<illics (hall only be entitled to vote in the A fence ot their O nftituems; and in refpeft there ate few Perfons qualified to a£t s Truftees in the Landward Part of the Farii’n of Dumbarton, the Proprietor of the Lands ot Garjhakt, and the Proprietor of the Ellatc of konbill for the Time being, are hrreby lpecially nominated Tiullecs within the Diftnft in which ihat Pirt of the laid Paiilh fhall be included, but to have no Vote in ihr General pr Adj u njrd Mr-etings herein-atter appointed, unlcls du}; qualified in Terms of this AS.

Qualification II. Provided always, ar d be it enadtd, That 'no fuch Baron B.iillie, or

ot factors. Fafit r, fhall be capable of acting as a Trnftre in the Execudon ot this Act, unlefs he fhall be qualified to act as a Comrmfliuner of Supply for the fa id Courtv, or unleh he fhall be in his own Right or in the R.ght <f his Wifi-, in the actual PofTefiion or R< ctipt of the Rents ar.d i r< fits of Lards • r Heritages of the dear yearly V.due of Twenty~i ve Pounds f.er Annum ; or br pofllficd of and entitled io a Prr-foral Elfate alone, or Real and Pcrtonal fcftate togeihcr, of the Value of Five hundred P unds j m r fhall any fuch Baron B illie or Factor not qualified to be a Qommifltontr of Supply be capable ot acting in the hjee, cution of this Act, until he fhall have taken and fublctibrd the Gath following, before any Two or more of the Lid Truftre.-, whoarcbeieby auihorized and requited to adrurifter the lame; that is to lay,

*	T	dofwear. That I truly and Lona fide am, in my

‘ own Right, (or, in the Right of my Wife, as the Caje may be) in the

*	actual Puffeflion or Enjoyment of Lands or Herctages ot the clear » yearly V.due of Twenty-five Pounds; or pofielied of or entitled to a Per-

*	foul Effate alone, or Real and Pcrfonal Eflate together, of thr Amount

‘ or Value ot Five hundied Pounds.	‘	So	help	me	GOD.*

III.	And be it enafited, That if any Pcrfon not having the Qualification Penalty on ^ or no[ being of the Defcription afortf.iid, fhall ad as aTtuftee, every qualified,'10*	fuch Perlon (hall, for eveiy luch tfting, forfeit the Sum of Twenty

Pounds Sterling, to be applied for Reparation or the Roads lying within that Diftrict in which he has acted.

IV.	And beitena&cd, That the faid Trufleesorany Five or more of them, Truite«S °f fliall, in order to carry this prefent Aft into Execution, meet at Dumbar-rJ C ton, upon the Thirtieth Day of April One thoufand eight hundreciand tight, or as foon thereafter as may be convenient, and thereafter yearly upon the fame Day, and at the fame Place that the C mnnflioners of Supply for the faid County of Dumbarton fhall be directed by the Land Tax Aft of the Year then current to affcmble for the Purpofe of allcffing the Land Tax and of choofmg a Convener, Colleftor, and Clerk ; and thac the laid Truftees

48°GEOR'GII tlL .Caf. 17.	251

fo affembled at the aforifaid G -n'-tal Meeting fhdl have Powef1, and Tn'""' r° are hereby empowered to adjou n to rhe next ->r any after" fawPaHTJaylf they (hdl fee caufeTo to do, and to none a Pfcfes brGhiifrnan of theft Meeting, and a Cleik during PLsfui'e, who fhdl attend the MH*iirlg§'of the 'aid Truftees, and thali enter their whole Proceedings regularly iil a Book to be kept for that1 PurpolV; and iikewilv {hall a-> often <s febtlirjtl by anv Perlon or Perfons having an Iherett in r e f ftfre, make and give out Copies or Extracts of the Order or Proceedi ngs of the Troftees,

Within Three Days after fuch Reqftifition, (it fuch certain model-ite Pee for the fame, as fhali be fix-d by the laid Lufters at a General Meciing affemblrd), and that luch Copies or Extrift, (hall contain the Warrant fur putting tbefe Orders into Execution, and that the fiid Ti uftees in their firft General Meet'ng or Adjourned Meeting aforefaid, at which not Itfj than F.ve I’ruftees fhali he prefent, fh all divide the County info Hi It rifts, whi.h D'ftrifts, when fo fixed, fhali not be again altered during the Continuance of this Act; and the laid Truftees at fuch General or Adjourned Mreting, and in all their foblcquent Annual General Meetings ot Adjourned Meetings affrmTed, fhdl have Power, and they are hereby empowered to nominate and appoint One or more of their own Number to aft without Salaty, as Surveyo- or Surveyors in any of the Diftrifts aforefaid, in which his < 1 their Qualification lies; and at the (aid Genera!Meetings the fatd a'-dSaiveyor. Truftees fhali appoint early and convenient Times for the firft Meetings in each Year of the Truftees within the refpeftive Dillrifts fo fixed as afdrelaid, and that the Truftees at fuch Diftrift Meetings alTunbied fhali have Power afterwards to adjourn as they (hall fee caule.

V.	And be it enafted. That the Truftees of the different ^Dif- Trader*to trifts, fhali (under the Reftriftions aftermemioned) fuperintenrl and fuperi .tend have the Dirtftion and Cognizance of the feveral Roads and Bridges within their refpeftive Diftrifts, and fhali have Perwer to appoint the Order in which the fame fhali be ma e or repaired, and to appropmte the Services and Monies To be exacted and railed by v.rcue of this Aft From each Diftrift within fuch their refpeftive Difb ift only : Provided always, that (with the Exception	of the	Proprietor of the	Lands <>f Gar-

Jhtrke, and the Proprietor	of the	Linds of	Bonbill,	who are faci-

ally empowered to aft within the Difticl in which the Landward Part of the Parifh of Dumbarton (hall be finiateil), no Tr yftee ft q ft, be entitled to aft at any Diftrift Meeting, who is not at the Time qualified to aft as a Truftee in refpeft of Lands lying within the Bounds of luch Diftrift, unlefs where luch Tiuftee may be qualified in refpeft of Lands lying in different Diftrifts, and which feparately are under „ifae y.-lued Rent aforefaid, in which laft C fe fuch Truftee fhali be eplitjgd to aftat .0 •• the Diftrift Meetings of the Diftiift within which bis o din ary Place..' f ReftdenCe, or the ordinary Place of R fidence of the Perlon for] whbtn he afts may be; provided any	Part of	the Lands	in rcfprft	. f wjyirb he act*

lies within fuch Diftrift;	and th	T the faid	Truftees	in fuch Diftrift

Meetings affembled, lball be and are hereby cmpoweiefl to jappvini a Prefes or Convener, and if neceffary a Drpute, Clerk, for eaph Di'/l^ip, and to adjourn from Time to Time ; and that the Pr. lbs or fuch refpective Diflncl: Meetings fhali have Pow-r and he is hVr^b')’ ein-powered and rtqu reci to call Meetings of the Ti uftees for the tricl, as often as he (hall be required jo tp do by anj> JTwo Truffge/.wipin fuch Diftrifts, upon Ten Days previous Notice to be given at the Cm’fen 8	Doors

252

TrulUc to * ('point Ovtr-feeisaod other

Officers.

Collector and Treafurer to give Security.

Difirict Meeting* to call for Copies of the Tax Roll.'

48* GEORG 11 III. Cap. 17.

Dof»r* within the Difttid, and in cafe any Difference of Opinion in fuch Diftrift Meeting Ihall arife among the faid Truftces, concerning the Application of the Services or Money, any One of the Truftees who Hull either think himfclf aggrieved, or (hall think fuch Application improper, mav complain to the next General Meeting, or to the next Quarter Seflions of the Peace of the faid County, if joined in fuch Complaint by any One of the other Truftees in fuch Diftrid, Eight Days Notice in Writing being always given to the Clerk of the Diftrid Meeting of their Intention to bring an Appeal, and the Matter thereof, which.General Meeting or Quarter Seflions fhall have Power, and at e hereby empoweted to hear and determine the fame, but the Work fhall nptwithftanding proceed as direded by tr*e Majority of the Diftrid Meeting, until the Determination of fuch Appeal, unlefs where any new Line of Road is directed to be opened and made, in which Cafe the Work, or opening and making the faid Road, fhall not proceed or be carried into Execution, until the Determination of the fatd Appeal; and in both Cafes the Sentence or Determination of the faid General Meeting or Quarter Seflions (hall be final and conilufive, without being fubj ft to Review by Bill of Advocation or Sufpenfion, or by Procefs of Redudion, or in ary Manner of Way whatever; and it (hall be lawful for any Two Truftees to ad at a Diftrid Meeting in cafe the other Truftees do not atttnd ; and all Meetings under the Authority of this Ad fliall begin to be held at Mid-day and not earlier; and tachMember (hall defray his own Expence, but without difabling or reftraining the faid Truftces from making and giving a reafonable Allowance to ColUdors, Clciks, Overleers, and other Officers for their Trouble, which they arc hereby empowered to do.

VI.	And be it alfo enaded. That the faid Truftces in Diftrid Meeting* affemblcd, fhall have Power, and are hereby empowered to appoint Overfeers and other Officers within their refpedive Diftrids, and to remove or difmifs them, and appoint others as they (hall find neceffary ; and the faid Overfeers may, by a Juflice of the Peace of the Bounds, be made Conftables fur the fpecial Purpofe of ading as Conftables in the Bufinefs of the Highways and Roads, and for that Purpofe only •, and any Perfon lefufing to accept of the Office of Overfcer (hall forfeit the Sum of Three Pounds Sterling.

VII.	And be it further enaded. That the Colledor or Colledors, Treafurer or Treafurers appointed by the faid Truftees, fhall give Security to the Amount at leaft of One Year’s Receipt.

VIII.	And be it enaded, That the faid Truftees in the refpedive Diftrids aforelaid, at their firft Meeting afier the palling of this Act, or at any fubfequent Meeting, (hall have full Power, and they are hereby required to call for Copies or Flxtrads of the Tax Roll or Valuation Lift of the Lands in their refpedive Diftrids, and which Copies or Ex'rads duly attefted, the Colledor of the Land Tax in the laid Coumy is hereby direded to furnifh them with, upon receiving Five Shillings S eriing for each Copy or Extrait; and therefrom the faid Truftces lhall make op for the Purpoles of this Ad, exad Rates or Accounts of the valued Rent of every Pofleftion in each Diftrid, whether the fame be occupied by Owners or Tenants; and in cafe Two or more PufUflions ftand in Cumulo the faid Truftees (hall call upon the Proprietor* or their Fadors

to

48° GEORG H III. CbfjtJ;	253

tb give ih a Divifion of the faid Cumulo Valuation proportioned among 'the different PoffdTors, which State (hail be lubjedt to the Revifal of the Meeting, and they fhJI have full Power to alter and corrett the fame when it appears to them inaccurate and improper, and to determine accordingly ■, and if any Proprietor or Fadtor fhall refute to give in the faid State, the Truftees are hereby empowered to demand the whole Affeffmenc correfponding to fuch Cumulo Valuation from any of the Proprietors, who (hall have Recourfe on the other Pofftffars-for a rateable Proportion ; and Lifts fhall be made up of all Perfons keeping Horfes, and ot the Number of Horfes kept by eachPerfon; and like wife exadl Lifts fhall be made up of all Perfons whatever chargeable for the Statute Labour as after mentioned, and the iaid Lifts fhall fiotn Time to Time be revffed and altered by the refpcdtive Diftridf Meetings, as any Change of Perfons or Circumftances may requi e.

IX.	And be it enadled. That all Occupiers of Land, whether Heritors, Heritor* and' Tenants, or Sub-tenants, fhall be liable by themfelves, or proper Perfons of Lsndslilw* to be employed by them to perform Eight Hours of adtual Labour oh the in statute Highways in the Diftrict in which their Lands lie, each Day for Six convafion. Days annually, with their whole Farm Hotfes, Carts, and Graith, arid

their whole Tools, labouring Ucenfils, and Servants, at any Time front the Twenty-fifth Day of May to the Twenty-fifth Day of Atiguft in each Year, when required by the faid Truftees or a Quorum of them, or the Surveyor appo.nted by them, or in the Option ot the Truftees in each Diftridt, the faid Occupiers of Lands fhall in lieu of adtual Labour be liable to pay a Converfion in Money not exceeding Forty Shillings Settling for each Ploughgate or ^hree Pounds. Sterling for each One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent’; and the faid Rate or fuch Part thereof as fhall be fijfeld by the faid Truft ees of each Diftiidt, fhall be levied cm dach Ploughgate or Subdivilion of a Ploughgate, or upon each hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, according to the Proportions above fpecified, and fo on in Proportion for a larger or fmaller Valuation or Quantity of’Larid ; and the Truftees in each Diftrict who makeChoicc of the Mode of Afitfll Lift of Plough ment by Ploughgate fhall make up a Lift of the Ploughgates therein, and	be

each Eifate and Farm fhall be held to contain as many Ploughgates as the ma e Ul1* Arable Lands might realbnably keep of Ploughs if under Till ige, or as the feveral Diftrict Meetings fhall from the Circumftances of each Cafe uponEx-amination find reafonaole ; and the Truftees are hereby empowered to take fuch Proofs as they fhall think neceffary tor afeertaining the Number of Ploughgates, and Copies of.fuch Lifts ay are made up by them fhallhe tranfmitted to the Clerk of the General Meetings and entered in the Books toDe kept by him ; and if any Perfon fhall think himlelf aggrieved thereby, he may complain to the next General Meeting or Quarter Seftions for Redrefs, whofe Determination (ball be final and conclufive for that Year, wiihout being fubjtft to Review by Bill of Sufpenfion or Ac vocation, or Procefs of Reduction, or in any Manner vvhatlbever; provided always, that Grounds let for any Term of Years not txceedtng Three Years without a Leafc, fhall be conftrued.to be in the adtual Pofftllion of the Proprietor; and he fhall be liable to perform Statute Labour therefor, or pay the Convetfion in lieu thereof as afqrefaid accordingly;

X.	And be it further cnafted. That ail Innkeepers, Carters, Car-tiers, and all Perfons keeping Horles for Riding, Draught, or Carriage,

[Loc. Ss* Per.2	3 S	not

All Perfon* kcepingHorfr* not l>eing Occupiers of

254	48° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

ConwifionP*n not k?'ng Occupiers of Land, (hall in lieu of Statute Labour pa?

licuof Ltliour. year I y to the laid Truftees a Sum not exceeding I w-lve Shi ir.gs Sterling, for each Horfe, as the Rate of the faid C >nvei lion lhall be fettled, by a Gmtral Meeting of Trultecs for the whole C unty.

Carriers and ether Perfons keeping Hotfcs and being a fo Occupiers of i>aifdj to pay Com-pohtion for their Horfes, or in Option of Trait es to perform Statute Labour or pay Con-vei tion.

XI.	And be it enafted. That if the af trefaid Carters, Carriers, and Houfeholders, or Perions keeping Ho'les, (hall I ke*ilc be Couplers or Land, they (hall be fubjift and liable either in dir Compofition Money due for their Horlrs and themfelves, or in the Option ot the Trultecs for the rcfpe&ive D ft nets in the Statute Labuur, or in the Compufition in lieu ihereof, for the Land lo occupied by them, which Occupiers of Land by this Act are liable to perform and pay ; and that whrrc the Valuation of the Poffflion of an Owner or Occupier of L>nd lhall not extend to Fif y Pounds Scots, he (hall in the Opiion of the faid Truftees, either be liable to perform the Statute Labour, or pay tne compofition for his Fuflkffior,; or the faid Ddtrict Trufttes may (.old hun as a Keeper of Horles or Houfeholder, and levy from him the Compofition in lieu of Statute Services, which they arc entitled to lew fr<m Perfons keeping Horfcs or Houfeholders as afortfaid, as they (hall judge expedient.

Perfons liable	XII. And be it further enafted. That all Cottagers, Houlcholderr, Laser viceor*	bourns, Manufacturers, Traddmrn, and others, not liable to fend out

Converfion. Carts or Wains, (except Apprentices under I identures for a Term of Years, who receive no Wages, or whofe Wages do not exceed Six Shillings Sterling, weekly, and alfo Farm Servants hired by the Year or Half Year) (hall be obliged whtn required to perform Six D lys Work annually on the Highways, by themfelves, or in the Option of the Truf. tees, to pay a Sum not exceeding Five Shillings Sterling each Perlon, for the faid Six Days Work ; and it is hereby declared, that all thofe who are liable to perforin Services in Terms of this A<3, (hall be obliged to perform the lame, at any Time from the Twenty-fifth Day of May to the Twenty-fifth Day of Augujl: Provided neverthelefs, that no fuch Perfon (hall be obliged to perform Statute Work on any Road out of the Diftrift in which he rtfides ; and that it (hall be lawful for the Truftcts in their annual Diftrict Meeting aftemblcd, to free or exempt from any Part of the faid Work or Payment of the Converfion thereof, all fuch Perfons as lhall appear to them to be in indigent Circumftanccs, or unable to perform the fame.

XIII.	And whereas, there are but few Bye Roads in that Part of CMverfran'r County fuuated to the Weft of Locblomond, and of the River Levin, certain Dif- and a great Population therein, and in the Town of Dumbarton, which tricu.	renders itunneceflary to levy the Converfwns hereby allowed in lieu of

Labour, to the full Amount thereof in the Town and in that Part of the County aforelaid ; be it therefore enacted. That in the Town of Dum-barton, and in the Diftrifts to the Weft of Locblomond and the River Levin, the Converfions of the Six Days Labour to which all Oc» cupiers of Land, Heritors, and Tenants are liable as aforefaid, (hall not exceed the Sum of Twelve Shillings Sterling on each Ploughgate, or Eighteen Shillings Sterling on each One hundred^Pounds Scots of valued Rent, and fo in Proportion for a larger or fmaller Valuation or Quantity of Land} and the Converfions.of the Scatute Labour of each Cottager, .OixftiQ'	v	Houfeholder,

488 GEORGII III. Cap. 17;	2$$

Houfeholder, Labourer, Manufadlurer, Tradefman, or others, liable In perlonal Services as aforetaid, fhall not exceed the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling each Perlon.

XIV.	And be it enafled, That every Perlon liable in fuch Statute Work P«rr-n? rt%-as atorefaid, who fhall negleft or refofe to perform the fame, or to make Payment ot the converted Prices thereof wlien required, within Ten Davs mt' w..rkor after fuch Requifirions made to them either perfonallv or at rheir Dwelling P^ th'Con-Houfes, or by Advertifements at the Parifh Churches on a Sunday after rhe liamel,, dou-Forenoon Service is ended, fhall be liable in Manner following * videlicet, bie h" ««-Each Petfon failing to perform the Statute Work or to pay the Converlion, ^'beitvied fhall be liable in double the Sum at which his Service or Labour fhall bypoindinf. be convened ; and the Whole of thele Oonverfions in Money fhall be levied

in virtue of a Warrant under the Hand of any One Jufttre of the Peace of the faid County, proceeding upon the Oath of the Collector or Overfeer, that iuch Perfon has not paid or has been abfent; and, that fuch Warrants fhall contain Authority for arrtfting the faid Perfons Effefh, and for poinding and diftraining the fame ; and that the Officer to whom the fame fhall be directed, fhall lummarily leize and d (train the readied Goods or Eflefts of the laid Perfon, and lhall at the End of Three Days after fuch Difbels, fell the fame by publick Roup or Auction to the highelt Offerer, at the Market Town or Village next to the Grounds of the Lands upon which fuch Diftrels was made, for Payment of the Sum for which fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall refpeflivcly be liable, and of the neceffary Charges, rendering the Overplus to the Owner ; and no Sufpenfion, Appeal, Complaint or Action fhall flop the Performance of the Statute Seivices or Payment cf the converted Prices thereof, for that Year in which they hatfe been appropriated ; faving always neverthelefs to the Parties, their Redrefs by a Complaint to theTrultees at their next General Meeting, or to the next Quarter Stffions, either from the Perfons by whom they fhall have been ageritved, or out of their leveral Duties, Services, and Convcrfions for the Year next after the Determination of any fuch Complaint.

XV.	And be it further enafled, That the refpeflive Diftrift Meet- Diftrift Meetings (hall annually on or before the laft Tuefday of March '0npg^“u^*ke make up an exaft and regular Report, containing an Account of Accounts.

•the whole Money received and expended on Highways and Bridges; and alfo of the Number of Pcrlons who have performed Statute Work, or paid the Compofition for the fame, the Work peiformed, and the Offences committed for the preceding Year, within the Difititt under their Direction refpedtively ; and fuch Report figned by the PrcJes and Clerk of the refpeftive Dillridt Meetings, fhall be tranfmicted by the faid Clerk to the Clerk of the General Meeting to be held at Dumbarton, at leaf! Eight Day* before the General Annual Meeting-, and fhall by the Clerk of the General Meeting be entered in his Book, and laid before the Truftees at their faid Meeting ; and in cafe of Failure to make out and tranfmit fuch Report, the Preles and Clerk of the Diftrift Meeting to failing, fhall each be liable in a Penalty or Fine of Five Pounds Sterling for each Offence, to be levied by Drltrefs in Manner before mentioned.

XVI. And be it enafled, That it fhall be lawful for the Truftees of a D'(Ui“Truf.

Diftrift, provided 1 wo-Thirds of tbofe prefent at a Meeting agree to do fo, to borrow upon the Credit of the Coovetfion Money within fuch 7	Diftrift,

tecs mi) uor-

ry*l M rt y on

ihe i.icn t or thtCouvcifion

2$6

for making new Roads, fcc. and may enter into Contracts.

Empowering Orerfeers to take Materials for making and repairing the Road I.

Preventing

Obit ructions on the Roads, and to remove Nuitancea.

48“ GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

Diftridl, fuch Sums of Money as the (aid Truftees (hall deem expedient,, either for making any new Line of Ro>d, or repairing any Road or Roads within the Diftrift which may require an extraordinary Repair, fo that thefe Sums do noc in all at any l ime exceed Four Years Amount of the Converfion Money of fuch Diftrift, and the Meeting at which fuch Loan is to be propofed, (hall be called fpecially for the Purpofe, Notice thereof being always given Ten Days at lead previous to fuch Meeting upon a Sunday, by Advertifements at the ParifhJChurch Doors; and the laid Truftees (hall he authorized to affign to the Lenders, the Proportion after mentioned of the faid Converfion Money, for luch a Term of Years as (hall be fufficier.t to repay the Sums borrowed, and the Inter; (I thereof; and the faid Truftees (hall further be empowered to enter into Contracts or Agreements for making, repairing, and upholding the (aid Roads, for any Term not exceeding Four Years, as the faid Truftees (hail think fit j it being howeverprovided that not morethanOneHalfof the Lid Converfion Money in any Diftrid (hall either be afligneb in Secur.ty for Loans, Or appropriated for fuch Contracts for making, repairing, and upholding the faid Roads, the remaining Half of the faid Fund* being alw .ys re-lerved to be difpofed of at the Annual Diftridk Meetings, or Adjourned Meetings.

XVII.	And be it further enadled, That the faid Overfeers (after having firft obtained a Warrant for fo doing, under the Hand of One or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace), fhall be and are hereby empowered to take out of any Lands that (hall appear to them moft proper and convenient (not being Gardrns Orchards, planied Walks, Lawns or Pleafure Grounds, or the Avenue to any Houfe, or any Piece or Parcel of Ground which has been fet apart as a Nurfery for Trees previous to the pafling of this Adi, or the Banks of Lochlomond, or the Beds or Bank- of Rivers in the Diftridts Weft of Leven, or the Sea Shore, without Per-miflion from the Proprietors) Stones, Sand, Gravel, and other Marerials for making and repairing the faid Roads, doing the lea ft Damage pofiible, and making Satisfaction to the Owner or Occupier of the Grounds, the Amount of fuch Satisfaction to be afeertained by any Two Juftices of the Peace of the faid County as herein-atter directed.

XVIII.	And be it further enadled, That noPcrfon (ha'1 leave Carts or other Carriages, a longer Time than may be neceffary, or (with the Exception of Materials for repairing the (aid Roads, and that under the Authority and with the exprefs Approbation of One or more Truftees) lhall lay or caufe to be laid any Timber, Stone, Lime, Dung, Comport, Soil, or Matrer whatsoever, on or within Five Yards of the faid Roads, uuleis within a futficient Fence, except Materials for building Houfes and inclofing Grounds, no Part however of which fhall be laid on the Road, or into the Ditches or Drains along the Sides thereof; and any Pcrlbn or Perfons lo offending and convidled thereof before any One or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, upon his or her own Confeflion or upon the Oath of One or more Witnefs or Witneffes (hall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling for each Offence, to be recovered and levied in the lame Manner, as the converted Price of Labour, One Half to be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to be applied in making and repa.ring the Road within the Diftridl; and if any fuch Materials or othtr Matter or

Thing

257

48° GEORG II III. Cap. 17.

Thing (hall be allowed to lie and remain on any of the faid Roads, for the Space of One Day, it (hall moreover be lawful for the faid Truftees or any Two of them to (cl) the lame by publick Audion, and to apply the Proceds thereof, after deduding Expences to the Repair of the faid Roads ; and no Perfon under theForfriture or Penalty a^orefaid, to be recovered and applied as aforef.iid, (hall mak , ered, or conftrud any Saw Pits, Tan Pits, Lint Ponds, Quarry or Gravel Pits, within Five Yards of the faid Roads, nor any Lime Kilns, Brick Kilns, Cinder Kilns, Furnaces, or other Nuifances within Twelve Yards of the faid Roads, befides being obliged immediately to remove the fame, unlefs the fame (hall be fenced off in fuch Manner as to prevent any Danger or Detriment to Pcrfons travelling on the faid Roads

XIX.	And be it enaded, That no Perfon (hall haul or draw, or caufe to be hauled or drav/n upon any Part of the Roads any Tree, Log, P ece of Timber, or any Stone, or other Thing whatfoever, otherwife than upon a Wheel Carriage; nor (hall any Perfon fuffer any Tree, Log, Pirceof Timber, Stone, or other Thing, which (hall be conveyed on a Wheel Carriage to drag upon any Part cf the faid Roads ; nor (hall any Perlori turn a Plough upon any Part of the faid Roads, orpafture Horfcs, or Cattle of any Kind on the Sides thereofand all Logs of Timber exceeding Twenty-four Feet in Length, (hall be carried on Four Wheels, or on a Double Carriage ; and whoever (hall be convided in Manner before mentioned of any of the (aid Offences, (hall for every lich Offence forfeit a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be recovered and applied in Manner before direded ; and no Perfon (hall make any new Cut or Opening acrofs any Part of the faid Roads for the Purpofe of direding any Watercourle, or otherwife, without the Authority of Two or more Trufttes of the Diftrid previoufly obtained in Writing, and whoever (hall be convided as aforeiaid of luch Gffence, (hall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling for each Offence, to be recovered and applied as above direded, befides being obliged to reftore the Road fo injuied to its former State.

XX.	And be it enaded, That no Perfon fhail make or ered any Houle or other Buildings, excepting only Stone Fences or Walls not exceeding Six Feet in Height within Twenty Feet of the Centre of any of the faid Roads, and any Perfon fo offending (hall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling for each Offence, to be recovered and applied as above direded ; and the Perfons fo offending (hall alio be obliged when ordered to do fo by any Two or more Truftees, immediately to remove every fuch Houfe or other Building, and upon their failing to do (o within Thirty Days from the Time that a Notification in Writing has been given by any Two Truftees of the Encroachment, it (hall be lawful for the Diftrid Truftees to order the faid Buildings to be removed, and to charge the Offenders with the Expence of doing fo, to be recovered in the fame Manner with the other Foifcitures and Penalties as above direded.

XXI.	And be it further enaded. That each Heritor, Proprietor, or Owner of Ground adjacent to any of the Highways or Roads within the County aforefaid, (hall at a proper Seafon of the Year as foon as conveniently may be after the pafling of this Ad, reduce the Hedges on the

[Lie. VPer.-]	3	T	Sides

No Timber or Stone to be drawn on the Roads, except on a Whrel Carriage, &c.

No Perfon to turn n Plough or pallure Cattle.

No Buildings to be erected within

Twenty Feet of the Centre of the Roads.

Hedges to be k- p’ at a certain Height, and Gates to open into the Field.

258

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

Sides of the faid Highways to a Height not exceeding Five Feet (excepting the Fences of Pleafure or Garden Grounds) and fhall by annually lopping orcutiing them at a proper Seaf n of the Year keep them at or under the faid Height; and after the palling of this Act every Gate adjacent to the faid Highways fhall be to conftruiled as to open inwards only into each Field or Inclofure; and oppofite to every Gate or Finery Communicating with the faid Highways there fhall be laid a covered Way or Br.dge of Stones over the Drain on the Side of the Highways, which covered Way or Bridge muft be contlantly kept free and clear that >he Water may pals through below the fame ; and in cafe any Heritor, Proprietor, or Occupier of Ground adjacent to the faid Highways, fhall omit and fail to perform any of the R quifites above mentioned, it (hall be competent for any Two of the iruftees hereby appointed, by an Order figned by them, to ordain the fame to be performed at the Expence of the Heritor, Proprietor, or Occupier as aforelaid, fuch Expence to be recovered by Application to any One of His M. jelly’s Jufticcs of the Peace, who fhall alfo award againlt the Offender the Expentes of the Application.

Rivi/lc miy be widened.

XXII.	And be it enacted. That the faid Truftces, or any Five of them, in a General or Diftridl Meeting afiembkd, (hall be and hereby are empowered to widen or caufe to be widened any Road to a Breadth not exceeding Thirty Feer, exclufive of the Ditches or Drains on each Side thereof; provided always, that in the Entries to Towns or Villages the faid Trullees affembled as aforefaid, fhall have Power to widen luch Entries to a Breadth not exceeding Forty Feet, and for thefe Purpofes the Trullees fhall be empowered to remove Fences and Houles wtiofe Side Walls do not exceed Twelve Feet in Height or other" Obltrudtions, Six Months Notice being always given to the Proprietors or Poffefiors or H ,ufes before the fame are removed; and Satisfadlron being always made to the Propiietors or Poffeffors of Houfes before the lame are removed, and Satisfadlion being always made to the Owner or Owners and Leffees of Land, for fo much Ground as fhall be taken ro widen the laid Roads above and beyond Twenty Feet Wide of clear paffable Road, and for the Fences and Houfes removed.

Km not tin XXIII. And be it enabled, That no Road fhall be widened or Houfes or payment of	Fences removed till ailual Payment of the Satisfaction afeertained be

Damage.	made to the faid Owner or Owners and Leffees of the Lauds where fuch

Road or Roads is or are widened in Manner herein directed.

Forerefting	XXIV. Provided always, and be itenafted, That when any Fences are

new Fence., removed, new and fufficient Fences Ihall be made by the Owner or Owners and Leffees of Lands within Eight Calendar Months after the Removal of fuch Fences, under Foifeitute of a Sum equal to the Money paid to them for the fame ; fuch Forfeiture to be applied towards the Repair of the Roads in fuch DiflriCt.

T° p' rchite''	And	be	it	enacted.	That	it	fhall be lawful for the faid Trullees,

»f\iround." ancl t*ieY are hereby empowered to contrail and agree with all Bodies Politic or Corporate, and all Perlons holding Lands under Entail, or fubjeil to Li!e-rents, or other Incumbrances, with Tutors, Curators, Trullees, and every other Perfon though under legal Difabilityj

and

259

4-8° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 17.

and all fuch Perfons are hereby empowered and required to contract and agree with the Truftees, and to fell, let, and convey, to them, all fuch Lands, Houfesor other Premifes, as fhall be neccfiary for repairing, aheting or widening the faid Roads.

XXVI.	And be it ena£ted, That if in the taking Poffiflion of the Ground on Difcgre*. neccllary for aitering or widening the faid Roads, or if in removing any m‘,1t with Houle, Fence, or other Impediment, the refpe&ive Owners or Occupiers v^ue’tVbe of fuch Lands, Houfes, or other Impediments, fhall not come to a afertained by voluntary Agreement with the Truflees for the Value thereof, or for aJury'

the Damaue fullained by, and tne Recompence to be made to fuch Owiie s or Occupies, it fhall be lawful for either Party to apply to the Sheriff Depute or Sheriff Subftitute of the County of Dumbarton, who fhatl be empowered to determine the fame, with all Colts that may arife th<refom; and the faid Si e iff Depute or Sheriff Subftitute (ball fummon a Jury to confift cf not fewer than Twelve qualified Perf'ons, to i-qu re into the Value of luch Ground, Houfes, or other Impediments, into the Dan age fuftained by the Proprietors, and into the Recompence to be made by iheTruftees for fuch Damage ; and the Jury being fworn and impannrlled fhall return a Verdidt upon the Matters fubmitted to their 1 .qi i y and Judgement, which lhall be final ; and the faid Sheriff Dei tt i 01 Sufeftituie lhall adjudge the Value and Recompence thereby awa ded to be paid to the Perfbn or Perfons having Right thereto ; an t up) 1 the Sum awarded being paid by the Tiuftees to the Perfon or Pei Ions to whom they have been fo adjudged, or in cafe of his, her, or theit retufing to accept, upon being configned in the Hands of the Trea'u er of the Bank of Scotland, or of the Royal Bank of Scotland, or in the Hands of the Manager of any Branch of either of the laid Banks lcrpt within the Cour.ty oi Dumbarton, the Truftees fhall have Right to remove the Owners or Occupiers of fuch Ground, Houfes, or o'her Pretnrfes, to enter into the Pcffi-flion and Ufe thereof for the Purpofes afire! nd, as lolly and effectually as if fuch Owners or Occupiers had executed regular Dip fitiorsof the fame, and Infeoftment had followed in favour of the Truftees; and. the faid Proceedings and Orders of the Snrriff Depute or his Subftitute, (hall be final, and not removable or queft.unable by Bills or Letters of Advocation or Supenfion to or by any otmr Court whatloever, any Law or Ufage to the contrary notwuh-llanding.

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That in the Event of fuch Expenceof Jury awarding a greater Compenfation than the Truftees fhall have of- Jury by whom fried, but lets than the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, fhall n>bepa«i. have required, the Expence' of fuch Jury lhall be defrayed and borne by

the faid Truftees and the faid Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers equally ; but in cafe the Jury fhall award to fuch Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, the Sum lo required or any greater Sum, the Whole of the faid Expente lhall be paid by the faid Truftees ; and on the other Hand if the faid Jury lhall award the Sum offered by the faid Truftees, or a iefs Sum, the Whole of the laid Expences Shall be paid by the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers: Provided always, that in all Cafes where any Perfon or Perfons lhall by r afon of AMence be prevented from treating with the faid Truftees, luch Cults and Expences lhall be borne and paid by the faid Truftees } and pro-

• •	11	vided

26o

M'>ney pay-alt* Pei-fwK under Entail<>r Dift-biKty, how tn be diipoiecl of,

If 2001. and Upwards.

If lefs than 200 1. ami above zo 1.

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

vided alfo, that after having offered to the Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands or Houfes, fuch Surr. as the faidTruf-tees fhall think reafonable, it (hall and may be lawful for them to enter into or upon fuch Lands or Houfes for t e Purpofes of this Act, and no Hop (hall m the mean Time be put to the Operations of the faid Truf-tees on Pretence of fettling the fa.d Damage, or that rhey have not been fatisfEd and paid ; and in cafe any Perfon inicrefted (hall apply for and obtain from any Judge competent, a Warrant for ft pping the Execution of any of the Purpofes to be carried on under the Authority of this Aft, the faid Judge (hall be and is hereby empowered ai d direfted to reca'I fuch Warrant, or remove any Sift obtained as aforefaid, provided Efficient Caution is found by the Truftees therein named fir the Amount of fuch Damages as may ultimately be awarded to the Perfon iuing for the fame, and afeertained in Manner hercin-bcfore preferred.

XXVIII.	And beitenafted, That whatever Money ffiall be paid bv Agreement, or bv Award as aforeLid, for Land', Tenements, H uf s, or other Subjfcts fo taken or ufed by the Truftees, which were held under Entail, or fubjift to Life-rent Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or be-longmg to any Corporation, married Woman, Minor, Lunatic, Idiot, or ot er Perfon under legal Difahilitv or Incapacity, fuch Money, in c.fc the fame amount to Two hundred Pounds or upwards, (hall be under the Authority and Pireftion of the Court of Scffion, and ffiall, without Delay be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, or fuch other Bank as the Court ffiall direft, upon the highdt 1 uereft that can be got, in order that it may be applied, with he Appr* bation and by the Authoiitv of the laid Court, in the Purchafe of Land Tax, o; in the Difcharge of any Df-bt or Incumbrance affecting the faid Lands. Houfes, or other Suhjefts, or affeft ng other Lands, Houfes, or Subjefts beioi ging to the fame Perfons, and fettled to the fame or like Ufcs, or under the like Conditions and Limitations ; and when fuch Money cannot be applied toth'fe or like Purpoies, then the lame ffiall belaid out in the Purchafe or on the Security of other Lands, Houfes, and other Subjects of the like Nature, and the Rights and Titles thereof ffiall be deviled to the fame Peifon or Perfons, or for their Benefit, to the fame Series of Heirs, far the fameUles andPurpofts, and under the lame Provifions, Conditions, and Limitations, as the Lands, Houfes, and other Subjects taken and ufed for the Purpofes of this Aft, were devifed and fettled, or fuch of them as ffiall be then exifting and capable of taking effect; and in the irn-an Time, until fuch Purchafe or Security can be effefted, the Intereft of luch Money ffiall be paid, by Authority of the faid Court, to the Perfon or Perfons who for the Time would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Houfes, or other Subjcfts fo taken and ufed by the laid Truftees.

XXIX.' And be it enafted. That if fuch Money be lefs than Two hundred Pounds, but ffiall exceed Twenty Pounds Sterling, then at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons who for the Time being would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Houfes, and other Subjefts conveyed to or taken by the Truftees for the Purpofes of this Aft, to be fignified in Writing under their refpeftive Hands, or under the Hands of their Tutors, Curators, or Truftees, in Cafes of Minority, Lunacy, or Truft, to be paid

into

26i

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

into one or other of the faid Banks, under the fame Direction and Authority, to be applied in the Manner before direfted ; or otherwife the fame lhall be paid, ac the like Option, to Two Truftees to be named by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Two or more Truftees under this Act, in order that fuch Money, and the Intereft arifing thereon, may be applied in the Manner before dirtfted, fo far as the Circumftances of the Cafe lhall make it practicable.

XXX.	And be it enafted. That where fuchMoney (hall be lefs thanTwenty Pounds Sterling, then the fame (hall be applied to the Ufe of the Pcrlon or Perfons who tor the Time being would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Houles, and othei Subjefts fo taken and conveyed for the Purpofes aforefaid, in fuch Manner as the Truftees, or any Two or more of them, lhall think fit, or in cafe of Truft to his or their Truftees, or in cafe of Minority, or Lunacy to his, her, or their Tutors or Curators for the Ufe and Beucfit or fuch Pcrlon or Perfons fo entitled relpeftively.

XXXI.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe any Pctfon or Perfons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money (hall be awardtd for the Purchafe of any Lands, Houfes or other Subjects, purchaled by virtue of this Aft, (hall refute to accept tne Lme, or lhall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes, to the Satisfaction of the faid Truftees, or in cafe luch Petfon or Perfons to whom luch Sum or Sums of Money lhall be fp awarded as aforefaid cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Houfes, or other Subjefts, be not known or dift covered, then and in every luch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees, or any Two or more of them, to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded as aforefaid, to be paid into the Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Credit of the Parties in-tcrefted in the faid Lands, Houfes, or other Subjects (defcribmg them) fubjeft to the Order, Controul, and Diipofttion of the Court of Scftion ■, whkh faid Court, on the Application ot any Perfon or Perfons making claim to luch Sum or Sums ot M ;ney, or any Part thereof, by Petition, (hall be and is hereby empowered, in a fummary Way of Proceeding, or otherwife as to the lame Court lhall ieein meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, ar.d to order Dil-tributicn thereof, or Payment ot the Dividends thereof, according to the refpeftive Kltate or Eltates, Title ot Intereft, of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make luch other Order in the Premifes as to ihe laid Court (hall Irem juft and reafonable; and the Cafhier or Calhicrs of the Bank ot Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland, who lhall receive luch Sum or bums tf Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifyiug for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Per Ion or Pci Tons as lhall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as atorcfaid.

XXXII.	And be it further enafttd, That where anyQueftion (hall arife touching the Title of any Petfon to any Money to be paid into the laid Bank in purfuance of this Aft, f. r the Putchale of any Lands, Houfes, or other Subjefts, or of any Eftate, Right, or Intertft, in any Lands, Houfes, or other Subjefts, to be purchaLd in purfuance thereof, the

[.Loc. & Per.J	3 U	Perfon

If lefs than

20I.

In cafe of not

making out Titles, &c.

Purcbife Money tb be paid into the Bank;

fubjeft to the Order of the Comt cf Sef-fion.

Where any Quelticn (hall arife touching the Right to fuch Money.

26 2

The Court may order realm-able Exp: rices of Purchafes to be pa <1 by TrulUen.

Roads to b: meafuied and M.ie Stones erected.

4B6GEORG 11 III. Cap. 17.

Perfon or Perfons who (hall have been in the Pofilflion of fuch Lands, Houfes, and other Subjects, at the Time of fuch Purthafe. and a!: Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or PerLns, or under the Poffcfli.m of fuch Perfon or Perfons, (hall be deemed and taken 10 have been lawfully entitled to luch Lands, Houfes, or other Subjefts, ai cording to luch Poflefiion, until the contrary (hall be (hewn to the Satisfaction of the faid Court of Seflion ; and fuch Money and the Intereft thercol ih 11 be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it (hall be made appear to the fa d Court that foch P, lft(Iion was a wrongful P, ffdfton, and that fome other Perfon or Peifon' was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Houfes, or other Subjects, or to fome Eltate or Iniereft therein.

XXXIII.	Providedalways, andbeit furtherenafted. That whereby reafon of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfon:., or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Houfes, or oth> r Subjects to be purchafed und. r the Authority of this AS, the Purchafe Money for the famr (had nc required to be paid into the faid Banks, and to be applic.d in the t'orch. fe of other Lands, Houles, or other Subjefts, to be fettled to the i ke Ules in purfoance of this Aft, it (hall be Uwiul for the laid Court to order the Expences of all Purchafes from T me to Time to be made in pur-fuance of this Aft, 01 fo much of fuch Expei ces as the Court fhall deem reafonable, togtthcr with the nectffiry Colls and Charge of obtaining fuch Order, to be paid by the faid Truftees, who (hall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofts as the Lid Court (hall direft.

XXXIV.	And be it further enafted. That the fuiJ Trudees, or any p'ive or more of them, in a general or diftrift Meeting a (Tern bled, (hall caufe the Roads to be mealured, and Stones or Pills to be trebled near the Sides thereof, denoting the Diftance of eath Mile, and alfo Way Polls at all theCiofs Roads j and if any Peifon or Perfons (hall wilfully break, dellroy, damage, pull up, or remove any luch Stones, Poll-, or Way Pods, or obliterate or deface any Letters or F.gures that ihall be made, inferibed, or put thereon, and (hall be thereof convicted before any One or more Juftice or Jultices of the Peace for the County of Dunbarton, or of the County where the Offender or Offenders fr.all rtlide, fuch Perfon or Perfons fo offending, (hall refpeflively forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling fwr every Stone or Pod fo wilfully broken, deftroyed, damaged, pulled up, removed, obliterated, or defaced, to be levied and recovered in the fame Manner as other Penalties are by this Aft direfted to be recovered and levied •, and fuch Forfeitures (hall be applied One Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety in repairing the Stones or Pods fo broken up, damaged, or defaced, or in fupplying new ones in their Stead ; and if theie Ihall be any Overplus of fuch Forfeitures, the fame (hall be laid out in repairing the faid Roads ; and if any Perfon or Perfons (hall wilfully throw down, dellroy, or damage any of the Bridges upon the faid Roads, or the Ledges or Parapet Walls, or other Parts thereof, and (hall be convicted as aforela’d, of any fuch Offence, every fuch Perfon (hall, beftdes paying the Expence of repairing the Damage done, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds Sterling, to be recovered as aforefaid, One Half of which Penalty (hall be paid to the Informer, and the other Half (hall be applied in repairing the

Roads

263

48" GEORG IT III. Cap. 17.

Roads aid Bridges within the Dlftridt where the laid Damage (hall have been done;' and in cafe the Pcrfon or Peifons fo offending and convidled fhall have no fufficient Goods and Chattels, whereon fuch Forfeitures may be levied,then it (hall anti may be liwiul for any One or more Julfice or Joffices of the Peace aforefaid, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hand% to commit fuch Pcrfon or Pcrfons to the Common Gaol of the County, there to remain for any Space not exceeding Three Calendar Months,or until Payment of the Penalty aforefaid.

XXXV.	And be it enadted, ThattheTrufleesofDiftriifls withintheCounty t^evcar)n°’’c,!l (hall be empowered to apply fuch a Proportion of the Converfion AflfefT- pairing mtnt levied in the Diflridt, as they (hall judge fit and expedient for re- Bridges, pairing an 1 building Bridges within the laid Diftridt, and when it happens that a Bridge either to be repaired or built, is fo ficuated as to unite irparate Diftridls, the Kxpence of the fame fhall be defrayed by the Dil-

tndls in Proportion, always to the Amount of the Converfion AfTefTment refpedt.vcly kvitd therein.

XXXVI.	And whereasgreat Inconvenience is ortenoccafioned tothePublic M'”* for Want of proper Powers to alter the Direfcion and Courfe of impro- RoadVand per and in onvenienr Roads, and to fliuc up fuperfluous and ufelefs aittrineon-Roads : B- it therefore enadted, That it fhall and may be lawful to thefaid vin,emRu4 *• feveral Difb id! Meetings, or to any Pcrfon or Pcrfons in the County conceiving themfclves interefted therein, to apply by Peticion to any of the General'C'ottfry Meetings to have fuch Alterations made, or luch fuper-

fiuous and ufelefs "Roads (hut up, which General Meetings fhall thereupon name a Committee of at leaft Five Ccmmiffioncrs, Three of whom to be a Quorum, to infpedl fuch Ro.id:, and to report their Opinion of ■what is propofed to the next General Meeting, and fhall alio order the faid Prtition to be intimated Two Calendar Months before the Meeting of fuch Committee, to the P oprietor or Proprietors of the Grounds through which the Roads lead, either perfonally or at their Dwelling Heufcr, if they refide withm ihe County, or if they do not, to the Pof-l’effors of the Grounds, and by public Advertifements at the Church Doors of that and the Two next adjacent Parifh Churches, immediately on the aifmifling of the Forenoon Congregation, and upon fuch Report being made 10 the then next General Meeting, they fhall hear all Parties having Intercft therein, and they arc hereby empowered, if they fee juft Caufe, to ordain the Direction and Coutfe of any Road leading through any Part of the faid County to be altered and changed, and alfo to ordain any fupetflucus or ufelefs Road or Roads to be (hut up : Provided always, iliac nothing herein contained fhall be conftrued to confer on the faid Truftees a Power to alter the Coutfe of or fhut up any Turnpike Road : Provided always, that it (hall be made appear to the faid General MeeiF g, that a new and better Road or Roads can and (hall be fubltitured in the Room o! thofe which fhall be altered, and that the Interefts of the County will not be hurt by (hutting up any fuch fuperfluous Roads; and that it will be for the Benefit of the private Proprietor who applies to have the fame Ihut up : And provided alfo, that fuch new Road (hall in no cafe be carried through any Lawn, Avenue, Garden, Orchard, or Pleafure or Nur-fery Ground, adjoining to any Gentleman’s Manfion Houfe, fo as to incommode the fame, and that no Damage be done to any Houfe or Building, or to any Timber that affords Shelter or Beauty to any of the Premifes;

and

264

Truftees may aflefs the Districts in 10 8. Scots on each 1001. Scots of valued Rent.

For repairing fudden Damages.

Application of Money levied.

4-8° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 17.

and the faid General Meeting (hall appoint the faid Committee, or arty Three of them, One of them always being a Juflice of che Peace, to overfee and fix the Line of DireAion for the new Highway, as direA d by the faid General Meeting, and to fct off the Land neceflary for the fame; as alfo to fix and afcertain the Proportion of the C impenfation directed to be paid for the Damage occafioned by fuch Alteration, in Manner hereinbefore provided, which fhall be borne or defrayed by any Heritor or Heritors receiving Benefit therefrom, and alio the Proportion to be paid by fuch Heritor or Heritors, of the Expence of making and completing fuch Alteration, fuch Proportion of fuch Damage and Expence to be recovered from fuch Heritor or Heritors in the fame Manner that the aforelaid Con-verfion is hereby direAed to be recovered ; and in cafe any Party or Parties fhall think him, her, or themfelves aggrieved by the Judgement of the faid Committee thereon, it (hall be lawful for fuch Party orParties to appeal to the next General County Meeting, who (hall immediarely hear and determine the lame ; and in calc any Party or Parties (ball b • diftatisfied with the Judgement of the faid General Meeting thereon, ir (fall be competent to them to apply to the Court of Stffi >n for Rcdrels within Six Calendar Months; and in cafe the faid Court of Stflion (hall affirm the Judgement of the faid General Meeting, they fhall award full Colts of Sui- •, and it fhall be in the Power of the (aid General Meeting to defray the Exp nee which may be incurred before the Court ot Scffiou out of the County Funds, if they fhall fee Caule.

XXXVII.	And whereas it has been found by Experience that the Sum of Ten Shill ngs Sects upon each One hundred Pounds S ots of valued Rent, authorized to be levied by an Aft of the Parliament of Scotland, made in the Second Parliament of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Ad for repairing Highways and Bridges \ is inefficient for the Purpofes therein mentioned ; be it therefore enaAed, That it (hall be in the Power of the Trultces of each DiftriA at their annual Meeting, to aflefs the DiftriA in a further Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings Scots, upon each One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent to be expended and laid out upon the Bridges within the faid DiftriA and that the old Afleffment of Ten Shillings Scots on each One hundred Pounds Siots (hall be and the fame is hereby referved to be at the Dilpofal of rhe Juftices of the Peace as formerly.

XXXVIII.	Provided always, and be it enaAed, That in cafe of any fudden Damage being done to any Bridge or Bridges within the faid County, and which may require an immediate Support or Repair, ic fhall be in the Power of any Two Truftees and they are hereby empowered to give Orders for making fuch Repair or Repairs, but fo as the Sum to be expended thereupon fhall not exceed Five Pounds Sterling; and that the Money fo expended fhall be provided for and paid by the Order of the next General Meeting, on Application to them for that Purpofe.

XXXIX.	And be it enaAed, That theSums to be raifedand levied by virtue of this AA, fhall be applied by the faid Truftees, wholly and totally to the Ufes and Purpofes befoie mentioned, and to no other Purpofe or Ufc whatloever; and the Truftees at their firft Meeting, are hereby authorized to afiefs the County for the Expence of this AA.

4

XL. And

48'GEORGII III. Cap. 17.	265

XL. And be it further enafted, That the Extent of theSa’tisfaftion to be ,For afcerrain-made to any Perfon t r Perfons for the Damage fuftained by fuch Perfon or 'nSDam»i{«-Perfons in Confequence of the Powers granted by this Aft, except as to altering or widening the Roads as above mentioned, (hall be a'certained and tietemiiaed by a Sentence of Two Juflices of the Peace ; and that in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall think themfelves aggrieved by fuch Sentence they may apply for Redtefs in Manner herein-after mentioned.

XLI. And be it further enafted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this ^ppitaMon* Aft impofed, (ball be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offenders Goods of Penalties, and Chattels (if not direfted by this Aft to be otnerwife levied) by Warrant under the Hands of any One or more Juftice or Juflices of the Peace of the faid County, or of the County where the Offender fhall be or refide; and the Perfon or Perfons diftraining fuch Goods and Chattels are herebv authonfed and empowered after the Space of Three Days, after fuch Diftrefs fhall be made and taken, to fell the Goods fo diftrained by Pubiick Roup or Auftion, and return the Overplus Money (if any be) upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels, after fuch Penalties and Forfeiture', with the reafonable Charges ofdiflraining, keeping, and felling the fame, fhall be dedufted and paid; and the laid Forfeitures when recovtred, if not otherwile direfted, to be applied by this Aft, fhall be applied One Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety towards carrying this Aft into Execution, as the faid Trullees fhall dirtft ; and all Penalties and Forfeitures contained in this Aft, fhall be payable over and above all neceffary Expences incurred in profecuting for the fame.

XL1I. And be italfo enafted. That all Aftions and Complaints for all or Limitation of any of the Penalties and Forfeitures impofed by this Aft, and for any Actions. Wrong or Injury done or fuffered in any Matter relative to, or in confequence of any of the Powers by this Aft given and granted, (hall unlefs herein otherwife provided, be originally brought before Two or more Juflices of the Peace of the faid County, and (hall be commenced within the Space of Three Calendar Months afeer the Penalty or Forfeiture is incurred, or Wrong done or Injury fuffered, and not afterwards.

XLIII. Provided always That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons (hall think himfelf cr themfelves aggrieved by the Sentence or Judgement of the Juflices of the Peace, upon any of the Matters or Things referred to their Determination, it (hall and may be lawful to the faid Perfon or Perfons to appeal for Redrefs to the next General Quarter Seflions of the faid County, at which not fewer than Three Juilices lhall be prefenc •, and fuch Appeal (hall be ledged within Six Days after the Sentence complained of, and the Sentence of fuch General Quarter Seflions, (hall be final and conclufive, without being fubjeft to Advocation, Sufpenfion, or Reduction, or to Review in any Way whatever.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it enafted, That nothing in this Aft fhall ^^entor fubjeft Clergymen to perform any Services, or to the Payment of any theirManfet-Converfion on Account of their Manfes and Glebes.

XLV. And be it enafted, That the Powers by this Aft given and granted, fhall take place from and after the palling thereof, and have continuance [Loc. Ssf Per.J	3 £	during

Commence-

ment,

266

Public Act.

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap.i'].

during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament.

XLVI. Andbeit enadted, That this Act lhall be deemed and taken tobe a Public Aft, and (hallj be judicially taken Notice of as luch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moll Excellent Majelly. 1808.



ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*********#**j|f*#*****#*******i(f*^(H(f#****#****i|: ***#»**#**»

Cap. 18.

An A& for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Croydon Canal to complete the fame.

[14th April 1808.]

WHEREAS by an Adt, made in the Forty-firft Year of the Reign

of His prelent Majefty, intituled, An A3 for making and 4.1 G.j. maintaining a navigable Canal, from or from near the Town of Croydon, in the County of Surrey, into the Grand Surrey Canal in the Parifh of Saint Paul Deptford, in the County of Surrey and for /applying the Towns of Croydon, Streatham, and Dulwich, and the Dijlrift called Norwood in the Parijh of Croydon, in the faid County of Surrey, and the Town of Sydenham, in the County of Kent, with IVater from the faid Canal j it was enadted, that the fcveral Perfons therein named, and fuch Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, as fhould at any Time thereafter be pcffclfed of One or more Share or Shares in the faid Canal and Undertaking, and the SuccelTors, Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns of fuch leveral Perfons and Bodies, (hould be, and they were thereby accordingly united into a Company, for the making, completing, and maintaining the faid Canal, and the Aquedudts and other Works thereby authorized to be made, by the Name of. The Company of Proprietors of the Croydon Canal; and it was thereby further enadted, that it Ihould be lawful for the faid Company of Proprietors to raife and contribute amonglt themfelves, in fuch Proportions as they Ihould think pioptr, a Sum of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Fifty thoufand [Lee. £sf P rr.]	3 T	Pounds

c.itj.

270

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

Pounds (excepc as therein-after mentioned) ; which faid Sum of Money fhould be laid out and applied, in the firft Place, in dil'charging the Ex-pences of obtaining and palling the faid Act, and then towards the making, completing, and maintaining the faid Canal and Aquedufts, and other requifire Works and Conveniences, and otherwife for putting the faid Aft in Execution ; and if that Sun fhould be found infnffkienc for thoff.Purpofes, the faid Company of Proprietors were authorized to raife and contribute amongft themfelves, in Manner and F< rm afowlaid, or by tnc'Admiflion of nL> Subfcribers, any further or other Sum of Money, fur completing and perfi-fting the faid Undertaking, not exceeding the Sum of Thirty thoufand Pounds; or to borrow and take up at Inrereft, all or any Part of the faid Sum of Thirty thouCnd Pounds, on the Credit of the faid Undi-rtaking; and to afiign the Property of the fame Undertaking, and the Rates arifing or to arife to the faid Company of Proprietors by virtue of the faid Aft, or any Part thereof, as a Security for the Sums fo borrowed, with Incereft, to the Perfons advancing the fame: And whereas the faid Company of Proprietors have raifed by Sub-fcription amongft themfelves, in Shares of One Hundred Pounds, the Sum of Forty-leven thcufand five hundred and eight Pounds, and have borrowed on the Security of the faid Canal the Sum of Twenty thoufand three hundicd and fifty-feven Pounds, and have received from the Sale of Timber and Clay, and from the Rent of Land One hundred and ninety-five Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Sixpence, making together the Sum of Sixty-eight thoufand and lixty Pounds Sixtten Shillings and Sixpence, and they have expended the Whole thereof, excepc a Balance of Four hundred and forty-nine Pounds Nineteen Shillings and One Penny, now remaining in their Hands, in executing a confiderable Part of the faid Canal, buc the faid Company of Proprietors having, for the better Accommodation of the Public, executed the Canal upon a larger Scale than was in Contemplation when the original Eftimate of the Expence was made, and having in confequence conftrufted a greater Number of Locks than was at firft intended, and having expended a confiderable Sum of Money in forming Two large Refervoirs, which it has been found advantageous to form for fupplj-ing the Canal with Water, inftead of raifing the Water by Steam Engines, as was originally defigned; from thefe Circumftances, and from the high Prices which the Company of Proprietors have been obliged to pay for Land beyond what the faid Land was eftimated ar, and from the greac Rile which has taken place fince the original Ellimare was made in the Prices of Timber, Bricks, and other Materials, and of Labour, there is found to be wanting, for the difeharging of the Sums of Money now owing on account of the faid Canal, and for the completely finilhing the fame, and the Works thereunto belonging, the further Sum of Thirty thoufand Pounds: May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty Thac it may be cnafted ; and be it cnafted by the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aftemblcd, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid recited Aft, and all and every the Kates, Tolls, Duties, Claufes, Powers, Exemptions, Rules, Remedies, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Articles, Matters, and Things whad'oever therein contained, (lave and excepc Iuch Parts of the lame as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed,) final) be and the fame is and are hereby declared to be in full Force and Elfeft, and

ftull

m

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

(hall be as good, valid, and efFcftual for carrying this Ail into Execution, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Pur-pofes whatfoever, as ii the fame had been repeated and re-enadled in this Aft.

II.	And be it further enabled, That it fhall be lawful for the faid Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to raife, by the Ways and Means herein-after mentioned, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Thirty thoufand Pounds, although the Whole of the Money authorized and intended by the faid recited Aft to be raifed may not have been railed and paid, and the Money fo to be raifed, after paying and difcharging the Expences of obtaining and paffing this Aft, (ball be applied and dilpofed of in paying the feveral Sums of Money now due and owing by the faid Company of Proprietors, and the Coils, Charges, and Expences of completing and maintaining the faid Canal and other Works.

III.	And be it further enafted. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Company of Proprietors for the Time being, to raife the. Whole of the faid Sum of Thirty thoufand Pounds or any Part or Parts thereof, as to them fhall feem right and proper, by creating new or additional Shares of One hundred Pounds each, or at fuch other Rate or Value per Share, as the faid Company of Proprietors fhall from Time to Time think proper, and to difpofe of the fame at fuch Price or Prices as to the faid Company of Proprietors fhall from Time to Time feem meet and convenient.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That fo much of the faid recited Aft as direfts that no Bsdy Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or Pcrfon becoming a Proprietor in the faid Undertaking, fhall become a Proprietor of more than Five Shares, either in his own Name, or in the Name or Names of any other Perfon or Perfons, in Trult for him or her, (unlefs the fame lhall come to him or them, by Will, Bequefl, Defcent, Right of Adtni-niftration, or Marriage) upon Pain of forfeiting to the faiil Company of Proprietors, all fuch Shares exceeding Five Shares, fhall be and the fame is hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void, to all Intents and Pur-pofes whatfoever.

V.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any Pcrfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, poffefied of any Share or Shares in the prelent Capital Stock of the faid Company of Proprietors, to accept and take lo many of the faid new Shares as lhall be proportionate to the Number of Shares holden by fuch Perfon or Perfons in the prefent Capital Stock, within One Month after Notice fhall have been given, (in any Newfpaper or Newfpapers, pub-lifhed, or ulually circulated in the faid County of Surrey, or in fuch other Manner as the faid Company of Proprietors at any General or Special Affembly fhall think peoper) of the Intention to create fuch new or additional Shares, and in Default thereof, after the Expiration of the faid Time, any other Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, pofieffed of any Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking, who (hall make Application for any fuch new or additional Shares at the next enluing General or Special Alfrmbly of the faid Company of Proprietors

Authorizing liie Company to raife Money-

Company may raife Thirty thoufand Pounds by creating new Shares.

Repealing fo much of Act as relates to the Number of Shares.

Difp .linen of uew Snares.

272

iTtw Proprietors io enjoy the fame Privileges as old Proprie-tors.

Committee may raife the faid 30,00 jI. by Piomiffory Notes.

Ho’ders of Notes not to be ad pitted Proprietors for a lets Principal than sool.

For proving the Title to Shares in Cafrs of lnteftacy.

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

prietors, (hall be entitled to any Number of fuch new or additional Share* at fucb Rate or Value as (hall be fixed by the faid Company of Proprietor, purfuant to the Power herein-before given for that Purpofe, and in cafe any fuch Share or Shares (hall remain undfpofed of, after fuch laft mentioned General or Special Aflembly, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Company of Proprietors or their Committee, to lell or difpofe of the fame to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, in fuch Manner and at fuch Price or Prices as they (hall think proper and expedient.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That each and every Proprietor of each and every Share which (hall or may be created by virtue of this Aft, (hall be entitled to fuch and the fame Powers, Privileges, and Advantages, and (hall be fubjeft to fuch and the fame Rules, Regulations, Rcftriftions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as if the Share or Shares fo holden by him, her, or them, were P rt of the Shares already created by virtue of the faid recited Aft, and now veiled in the fcveral and refpeftive Proprietors of the faid Undertaking, and the Admiffion of all and every Perfon and Perfons to any fuch new Share or Shares, by any Order or Refolution of the Uid Company of Proprietors, (hall be and be deemed to be a good and efltttual Title to fuch Perfon or Perfons, and his, her, or their refpec-tive Executors, Admimftrators, and Affigns, on his, her, cr their paying to the faid Company of Proprietors or their Treafurer or Treafurers, the Purchafe Money or Price agreed to be paid for fuch Shares refpeftively.

VII.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That it (had and may be lawful to and for the faid Company of Proprietors, in cafe they (hall think it meet and expedient to borrow the Whole of the faid Sum of Thirty thoufand Pounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, upon Promiffory Notes under the Common Seal of the faid Company of Proprietors; and all fuch Notes (hall be made payable in fuch Manner and at fuch Time or Times, and with fuch legal Rate of Intereft, as the faid Company of Proprietors (hall think proper; and all fuch Notes fhall be made either with or with-out a Power in the relpeftive Holders thereof, to have an Option of becoming a Proprietor of One Share of One hundred Pounds in the faid Under, taking, in lieu of the Principal Money by fuch feveral Promilfory Notes to be fecured, or fo much or fuch Part thereof as the faid Company of Proprietors, or their Committee for the Time being, and the Perfon or Pei<«ns advancing fuch Money on the Security of the faid Notes, (hall jointly agree upon : Provided always, that no Perfon (hall in any Cafe be admitted to be a Proprietor of any Share in the faid Undertaking, in lieu of a lefs Principal Sum of Money than One hundred Pounds, advanced on the Security of fuch Notes; and the Terms and Particulars upon which the refpeftivc-Holders of fuch Notes (ball be entitled to fuch Option of becoming a Proprietor or Proprietors in the fud Undertaking, (hall be fully exprefifed and fee forih in the laid feveral and relpeftive Notes.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons poflefled of any Share or Shares in the faid Canal (hall die Inteftate, the Letters of Adminiftration of his, her, or their Eifefts, (hall be produced to the Clerk of the faid Company of Proprietors, in like Manner as the Probates of Wills are by the faid recited Aft required to be produced, and that upon the Produftion of fuch Letters of Adminillration, or of an Affidavit containing a Copy thereof, and fworn as in the faid

q	recited

273

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

recited Aft is mentioned, the Perfon or Perfons claiming in Courfe of Adminiftration fhall become entitled to the Share or Shares held by the Inteftate, in like Manner as Perfons claiming under any Will will become entitled upon the Production of the Probate of fuch Will, or of an Affidavit containing fuch Parts thereof as is in the faid recited Aft ex-preffed.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That the feveral Rates authorized to Rato tohea be demanded and taken by virtue of the faid recited Aft Stall be

a Security for each and every Sum and Sums of Money fo to be Bonowed, borrowed as aforefaid, with Intereft, to the Perfon or Perfons who fhall from Time to Time be entitled to fuch Securities; and all Perfons to whom any fuch Securities as aforefaid fhall be given, fhall be equally entitled to fuch Securities; and all Perfons to whom any fuch Securities as aforefaid fhall be given, fhall be equally entitled to a Claim or Lien on the laid Rates, in Proportion to the refpeftive Sums of Money advanced and lent by them refpeftively on the Credit of the faid Rates, without any Preference, by reafon of the Priority of the Date of any fuch Notes, in like Manner as if fuch Sums of Money had been advanced and lent upon Mortgage or Alignment of the faid Rates, in purfuance or by virtue of the faid recited Aft.

X.	Provided always and be it enafted, That in cafe the faid Company P»wet toraifc of Proprietors fhall think it more advifable or proper to raife the Whole of Mortage!! the faid Sum of Thirty thoufand Pounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, by Mortgage of the Rates authorized to be collected by virtue of the faid

recited Aft, then and in every fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Company of Proprietors to borrow and take up at legal Intereft, by any fuch Mortgage as aforefaid, from any Perfon or Perfons, upon the Credit of the faid Rates, or any of them, the Whole of the faid Sum of Thirty thoufand Pounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, and the faid Company of Proprietors are hereby authorized and empowered to affign and make over their Intereft; and Property in the faid Undertaking and other Works, and the Rates to arife by virtue of the faid recited Aft, or any Part thereof, as a Security or Securities for any Sum or Sums of Money fo to be borrowed, with Intereft, to the Perfon or Perfons who fhall advance the fame, or to his, her, or their Truftee or Truftces, by Deed of Mortgage, in like Manner and Form, and with and fubjeft to the like Powers and Directions for transferring every fuch Mortgage ahd regiltering the fame, and with and fubjeft to the like Remedies, Regulations, and Provifions touching and concernina the fame, and the Intereft arifing therefrom, as are mentioned or contained in and by the faid recited Aft, refpefting the borrowing of Money, and the S«-curities to be made for the fame.

XI.	And be it further enafted, Thatfo much of the faid'recited Aft as Forrepraling declares that in all Cafes where, in making the laid Canal, Aquedufts, or *hj

other Works thereby authorized, or any Road or Roads thereto relpec- relating -he lively, there fhould be occafion to rut through or ulc any Part of any	rl

Commons or Waftes, (except in the faid Parish of Creydon) the Conveyance moL of** of fuch Parts of fuch Commons or Waftes by the Lord or Lords, Lady or Waite Landi Ladies, of the Manor or Manors in which the fame were fituate, to the faid Company of Proprietors, (hould be a good and fufficient Conveyance £6? Per.]	Z =	thereof

27+	> (jGE GRG11 • HR Gup. 18.

thereof (wuhoi.it the Com«noners or other Perfons interefted therein joirv ihg in luch Convejance); and that the Commiffioners therein appointed lVioold afcertaih'what Proportion of the Purphafe Money fhotfid be due to the faid Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, for his,-her, or their Intereft in loch Lands,'and that fuch Proportion fliould be thereupon paid to him, h r, or tlfcrr, for his her, or their own Ufe, and that the Remainder of the (aid Pur Chafe Money Iliould be paid to the Overfeers of the Poor of the Parifh in which fuch Lands (hould lie, and be applied by them in aid of the Poors Rates, and tnar the Receipts of the faid Lord or Lards, 1 adv or Ladies, and of fuch Overfeers rel'pedfivelv, fhould be fufiicienc D>lcharge$ to the faid Company of Prop ictors for the fame, Stall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be null and void to allintents and Purpoles whatfoever.

what n'lice XIT. And be it further enabled. That when and as often as it fTiall be to^Vio/tlnf hrceli-ry or expedient for the Purpofcs of making the faid Canal and t'reiteii, in v.* Aqucdudls, or any other the Works to be made, maintained, and fup-Chmcf«Gn*. pofied by virtue of the faid recited Adi, to take or make ufe of any Waite La”ils. feomrr.on or, Wafte Ground, or any Part or Parts thereof, and all’o when and as often as any Common or Wade Ground (hall have been already •'ta-ken and ufed for the Purpofes aforeiaid, but is ljot yet paid for, then 1 and irt every fuch Cafe the Committee of the faid Company of Proprietors, or any Three or more of them, fhall caufe Notice of their In-; tention of taking or making ule of the fame, or of their having taken L and made ufe Df the fame (as the Cafe may be), to be affixed on the Church Door of the Parifh or Piace wherein fuch Common or W lie Ground is fituate, lying, and being, or in fuch other coofpicu-us Place where Notices of Veftry for fuch Parilh or Place are ulually affixed, and of requiring a Meeting of the Commiffiuntrrs appointed by ihc faid recited Adt, or a Jury to be impanelled, fum-naoned, and returned, (on a certain Day and Time and Place, in fuch Notice to be Ipectfied,) in Manner by the faid recited Adi diredted, for the Pnrpoie of fettling and determining the Purchafe Momy, Annual Rent or Satisfaction, to be paid, given, or made for fuch Comm >n or Wafte Ground, or for fuch Part or Parts thereof, to be taken and made U e of by the laid Company of Proprietors, for the Purpoles of the faid recited Adi; and the faid Committee, or any Three or more of them; fhall cau'e the like Notice to be given to or left at the ialt or ul oaf Place or Places of Abode of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, or reputed Lord or Lords, Lhly or Ladies of the Manor or Manors in ■which fuch Common or Wafte Ground fhall be fituate, lying, or being, and fuch Notices, when fo affixed and given, fhall be and be deemed to be full and ftifficient Notice to all Perfon% Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, concerned, or having any Right or Intereft into, over, or upon fuch Common or Wafte Ground: Provided always, that there fhall be Twenty-one Days at the lead bttween the Day or Days on which fuch Notices refpetftively fhall be fo affixed and given as aforefaid, and the Day on which fuch Commiffioners 01 Jury fiiall appear, for the Pur-pofe of fettling and determining luch Porchale Money, Annual Ken;, or Satrsfaflioo as aforefaid; Provided allb, that nothing herein contained fhall extend or he conflrm-d to extent] to the .Commons or Wafte Lands within the Parifh c f Croydon alQrefaid.

XIII. And

48°GEORGII III. Ci/.i8.	375

XIII.	And be it farther enafted, That In cafe the Perfon or Perfons ofunot to whom any Sum or Sums of Money lhall be awarded for the Purchafe xkleil6 °Ut of any Lands,Tenements-, or Hereditaments purchafed or to bepurchafed by virtue of the faid recited Aft and this Aft, or either of them, lhall refjufe to accept the fame, or in cafe any fuch Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid, or any Perfon or Perfons who lhall haveagreedor fliall hereafter agree with the faid Company ofProprietors for the Sale of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, lhall not be able to makeagoodTitle to the Premiles,to theSatisfaftioii of the Committee cf the faid Company ofProprietors, or any Five or more ©f them, or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money lhall be fo awarded as aforefaid cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Heredirannents, be not known or difeovered, then and in every fuch cafe it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Committee, or any Five or more of them,	•

to order the faid Sum br*Sums of Money fo awarded or due as aforefaid, to be paid into the Bank ot England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the faid Lands, Tenement.1', or Hereditaments, (deferibing them) fubjeft to the Order, Coh-ttoul, and Difpofinon of the faid Court of Chancery; which faid Court, on the Appbcation of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, lhall be, and is heribv empowered in a fummary Way of Proceeding or otherwife, as to the f me C ourt fliall leem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Diftribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpeftive Eftate or Eftaces,

Title or Intereft of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court lhall feem juft and rcaEnable, and the Calhier or Calhiers of the Banjc of England, who lhall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpec;fying for what and for whofe Ule the fame is or arc received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

XIV.	And be it further enafted. That it fliall and may be lawful to and Meetings may for the faid Company of Proprietors, in cale they lhall think it right and London'or proper, to hold their ftated General Alfemblies, or Special General Weftmmfter. Aftemblies, or any of them, within the Cities of London and fVeftminfter,

or either of them, and it lhall and may be lawful to and for the Committee of the faid Company of Proprietors to hold the;r feveral Meetings, or any of them, within the Cities of London and Weftminfter, or either of them ; any Thing in the faid recited Aft contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

XV.	And be it further enafted. That no Boat or other Veflel liable,,to Boat* under,* p<y any Tonnage under the laft recited Aft, of lefs Burthen than Twenty Lock! but 'l orn, lhall pals through any of the Locks made by virtue of the faid °n«rt*in recited Aft, without the Confent in Writing of the faid Committee or Coad,,lon,• Clerk .0 the laid Company of Proprietors (being thereunto authorized

bv the faid Company of Proprietors or Committee), unlefs the Owner,

Matter, or ct! e Perfon having the Care of fuch Boat or other Veflel, lhall pay the fame Tonnage, according to the refpeftive Rates ia the i .id

&	recited

276	4^°	GEORGII	III.	Cap.	18.

recited Aft mentioned, as for a Boat, Barge, or Veflel l^den with Twenty Tons.

,r *

TublicAft. XVI. And beit further enafted, That this Ad fhall be deemed and taken to be a Public Aft, and Iball be judicially taken Notice of as luch by all Judges, Juttices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majefty. 1808.

*1	III

•'	x	*	l|

'iiHlo ?6A '■’V/f 'j' mV/r fa jr.il/nbfif » i'-‘ :lj...

-jib	mon bnvSi	^oibnj/m	io:	f'tapM	JroP-



nt

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

******************************************************

Cap. 19.

An Aft for continuing the Term of Two Afts of His prefent Majefty for amending the Road from the Town of Biddenden, to join the Turnpike Road which leads from AJhford to Fever flam at Bound-gate, in the Couty of Kent. [14th April 1808.J

WHEREAS an Aft was patted in the Sixth Year of His prefent Majelty’s Reign, intituled, An AtI for amending and widening the Road from the Town of Biddenden, in the Weald of Kent, 6G-3* through the Towns of Smarden and Charing, to join the Turnpike Road which leads from Alhford to Fevertham, at a Place called Boundgate : And whereas an Aft was patted in the Twenty-fifth Year of His prefent Majetty’s Reign, intituled, An Ad for continuing an Ad of the Sixth Tear of His prefent MajeJly,for amending and widening the Road from the Town G- 3* of Biddenden, in the Weald of Kent, through the Towns of Smarden and Charing, to join the Turnpike Road which leads from Afhford to Fevertham, at a Place called Boundgate: And whereas the Truttees appointed in or by virtue of the faid fevetal Afts have proceeded in the Execution of the fame, and have borrowed a confiderable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted •, which ftill remains due and cannot be repaid, nor can the faid Road be properly amended and kept in Repair, unlefs the Term of the faid Afts be further continued : May it therefore pleafe Your Majetty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s molt Excellent Majeftyf by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid recited Afts, and all and D . . . „ IVvfc.]	4	a

278

48*GEORGII III. Cap.ig.

every the Tolls, Claufes, Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provifions, Regulations, blatters, and Things therein rejfoeGively contained (except fuch as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties), (hall be and continue in full Force and	and	(hall	be	executed for and during the Term' herein-

after mehtfoHed, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes what-foever as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Aft, byt fubjcct neverthelefs to the Amendments arid Additions herein contained, and which fhall commence and take Effect from and after the pafling'of this Aft.

Exemptions II. And be it further enafted, That from and after the paffing of this from lolls. Act, no Toll (hall be demanded or received for any Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Cattle paffing through any Gate now erected or hereafter to be erected on the faid Road, and drawing any Carriage going for or returning laden or unladen, having been laden only with Stones, Gravel, or other Materials for the repairing the faid Road, or any of the Roads in the Parilhes or Places in which the Road hereby intended to be repaired, or any Part thereof, do lie, or any Dung, Mould, Soil or Comport of any Kind (Chalk and Lime excepted), for the manuring of any Garden or other Land or Ground ; nor fhall any Toll be taken, demanded, or received for any Carriage or Cattle going for the Purpofe of or return-ihg from ploughing, fowing, tilling, or cultivating of any Land or Ground; or going for or returning unladen or only laden with Hay, Straw, Corn in the Straw, or Wood, not fold or difpofed of but to be laid up in the Houfes, Ouihoufes, Yards, or on the Premifes of the Owner or Owners thereof; or for any Plough, Harrow, Dray, or other Implement of Huf-bandry ; or for any Horl'e, or other Bead or Cattle, drawing or carrying the fame in order for the repairing thereof, or ufing the fame in Huf-bandry ; or for any Horfe, or other Beaft or Cattle, going to or returning from Water or Parture, or going to be or returning from being fhoed or farried; or for any Horfes, Cattle, or Carriages of whatfoever De-feription, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expreffes under the Authority of His Majerty’s Portmafter General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding the fame, or in returning back from conveying the fame ; or for the Horfes of Soldiers on the March or on Duty, or Carriages or Horfes, or other Beafts employed in carrying the Arms or Baggage of fuch Soldiers; or for any Horfe, Mare, or Gelding furnifhed by or for any Perfon belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercife, provided fuch Perfons are in the Uniform of their refpective Corps, and . have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps refpe&ively, at the Time of claiming fuch Exemptions; or for any Carriage, Horfe, or other Bead employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants travelling with legal Partes; nor fliall any Toll be demanded or taken from any Inhabitant of any Parilh through which any Part of the faid Roads doth lie, who fliall pafs through any of the faid Tumpikes to or from his, her, or their refpeftive Parilh Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worlhip tolerated by Law, on Sundays or on Cbri/inws Day, Good Friday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or who fhall attend the Funeral of any Perfon dying and to be buried in any of the laid Parilhes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from vifiting any fick Perfon, or 4	upon	*

48° &EORGII III. Cap. 19.	279

upon other his Parochial or Minifterial Duty on a Sunday, or on Chriftmas Day, Good Friday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; nor lhall any Toll be demanded or taken for or in refpeft of any Iiorfe, Cattle, or Bead carrying any Paflenger, or drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calafh, or Chair, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to ferve in Parliament for the faid County of Kent, on the Day or Days of fuch Election, or on the Day before or Day after fuch E left ion (hail begin or be concluded; and if any Perfon (hall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforefaid, not being entitled to the fame, or fhall make ufe of any Fraud whatfoever whereby the Payment of the Tolls granted and continued by the faid recited Afts and this Aft, or any Part thereof, fhall be evaded, every fuch Perfon fliall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, whereof One Moiety fhall be applied to the Purpofes of the faid Afts and of this Aft.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Perfons who by Law are or Statute La* fhall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or fliall be chargeable towards bour-repairing and amending the faid Road, or any Part thereof, fhall ftill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it fhall be lawful for any Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Kent, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the faid Truflees, or by their Treafurer, Clerk, or Surveyor, by their Order, Yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Portion of the Statute Work fhall every Year be done upon the faid Road by the Inhabitants of the refpeftive Parifhes or Places in which the fame do lie, and alfo what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch Parifh or Place, in lieu of or as a Com-pofition for fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, fliall be by him, her, or them paid to the faid Truflees, or to their Treafurer or Treafurers ; and in order thereunto, it fhall be lawful for fuch Juftices from Time to Time to fum-mon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every fuch Parifh or Place to bring in Lifts before fuch Juftices, at fome Place to be expreffed in fuch Summons (within Ten Days after the ferving of fuch Summons), of the Names of the feveral Perfons who within fuch Parifh or Place are by Law fubieft and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofuion for fuch Statute Work, diftinguifbing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwife, and alfo the Amount t?f the refpeftive Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names fliall be made in fuch Manner, and under fuch Regulations and Reftriftions, as are or may be direfted by any Law or Statute in Force or Effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and out of fuch Lifts the faid Juftices fhall and may allot, appoint, and order fuch and fo many of the Perfons who fhall appear fubjeft and liable to Statute Work as aforefaid, to do fuch Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the faid Road as the faid Juftices fhall think reafonable, and the fame fhall be done at fuch Days and at fuch Times (not being Hay-time or Harveft), and in fuch Parts of the faid Road, as the faid Truflees or their Surveyor or Surveyors fhall front Time to Time order, direft, and appoint; and the faid Juftices fhall and may alfo order and direft the Perfons who by fuch Lifts fhall appear to be fubjeft and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Competition for Statute Work as aforefaid, to pay fuch Proportion thereof as

28o	48°	GEORGII lit. dap. 19.

the faid Juftices {hall think proper to the faid Truftees or their Treafurer, at fuchTime or Times as the faid Juftices {hall dir eft; and in Default of Payment thereof, the fame fhall and may be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the refpeftive Perfons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the faid Aft authorized or directed to be recovered ; and each and every Perfon who {hall negleft or refufe to do fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them at his, her, or their ufual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpofe, by any Surveyor to the faid TrufteeSj {hall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horfe or Horfes, Beaft or Eeafts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be fubjeft and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as fuch Perfon or Perfons may be fubjeft or liable to by any Law or Statute in force or effeft for the Repair of the publick Highways ; and if any Perfon who lhall come to work as a Labourer, or {hall be lent with any Team or Draught to work on the faid Road, {hall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, fuch Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and difmifs the Perfon who {hall be found idle or negligent as aforefaid, and in that Cafe every fuch Perfon {hall be fubjeft and liable to the refpeftive Forfeitures and Payments as aforefaid, as if he had neglefted or refufed to come, or fuch Team or Draught had not been fent to work on any Part of the faid Road ; all which Forfeitures lhall be paid to the Treafurer to the faid Truftees, and applied towards amending the faid Road; and in cafe the faid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the faid Pari flies or Places {hall refufe or wilfully negleft to give in fuch Lifts as aforefaid, or lhall knowingly and wilfully give in falfe and imperfeft Lifts, every fuch Surveyor fo offending {hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

Application IV. And be it further enafted, That if any Money fhall be agreed or ron"Mono'^if awar^ec^ t0 he paid f°r any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments purchafed, amountingto taken, or ufed by virtue of the Powers of the faid recited Afts or this 200I.	°	Aft,	for	the	Purpofes	thereof,	which	{hail	belong	to any Bodies Politick,

Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or to any Feoffees in Truft, Executors, Adminiftrators, Guardians, Committees of Idiots, Lunaticks, or other Truftees whatfoever, for or in Behalf of any Infants, Femes Covert, or Ceftuique Trufts, Idiots, Lunaticks, or for any other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, fuch Money fhall in cafe the fame fhall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed fo his Account there ex pane the Truftees for executing the faid Afts and this Aft, to the Intent that fuch Money {hall be applied under theDireftion and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be figniiied by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe or Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrances or Part thereof, as the faid Court {hall authorize to be paid, affefting the fame Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or aflefting other Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments Handing fettled therewith to the fame or the like Ules, Trufts, Intents, or Purpofes;

or *

48® GEORGII III. Cap. 19.	281

or where fuch Money (hall not be fo applied, then the fame {hall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafeof other Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, which {hall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Utes,

Trufts, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner, as the Lands,

Grounds, or Hereditaments which {hall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid, ftood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance or Settlement {hall be exirting 'undetermined and capable of taking EfFeft ; and in the mean Time and until fuch Purchafe {hall be made, the faid Money {hall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the faid Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Corifolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities'; and in the mean Time and until the faid Bank Annuities {hall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities {hall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the faid Court, to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments to be purchafed by virtue of the faid recited Afts and this Aft, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money fo Application agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds! or Hereditaments of Co m pen fa-purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofe aforefaid, and belonging tc any [efs^haniool Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under Disability or Incapacity as and amount-aforefaid, {hall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and (hall ingto 20I. exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all Rich

Cafes the fame (hall (at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpeftive Hands') be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before direfted; or otherwife the fame {hall be paid (at the like Option) to Two Trurtees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Five or more of the Trurtees for executing the laid recited Afts and this Aft (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that fuch Principal Money, and the Dividends arifing thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before direfted, fo far as the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direftion or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

VI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, 1 hat where fuch Money Application fo agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned fhall be lefs than of Compenfa-Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame {hall be applied to tion Money the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been 1 jers thaB entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofe of the faid recited Afts

and this Aft, in fuch Manner as the faid Trurtees, or any Five or more [Loe. {*? Per.}	4	^	of

282	480	GEORGII	III.	Cap.	19.

of them, (hall think fit; or in cafe of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then fuch Money fhall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpedively.

In cafe of not VII. And he it further enacted, That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to Titlesf &'c.	Miom any Sum or Sums of Money fhall be awarded for the Purchafe of

Money to be any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments to be purchafed by virtue of the paid mto the Paid recited Adis and this Ad, fhall refufe to accept the fame, or fhall not an • be able to make a good Title to the Premiles, to the Satisfaction of the foid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money fhall be fo awarded as aforefaid cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, be not known or difcovered, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded as aforefaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Ham® and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interefled in the fail Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments [defcribing them], fubjed to the Order, Controul, and Difpofition of the faid Court of Chancery ; which faid Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, fhall be and is hereby empowered in a fummary Way of Proceeding, or otherwife as to the faid Court fhall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Dirtribution thereof or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpedive F.ftate or Ertates, Title or Interert of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Prenyfes as to the faid Court fhall feem juft and reafonable; and the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England, who fhall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

Where any VIII. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That where any Oucftion fhall Queftion fhall arife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Money to be Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of this Ad, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or of any Eftate, Right, or Interert in any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments to be purchafed in purfuance of the faid recited Ads and this Ad, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or to the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who fhall have been in Poffeflion of fuch Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments at the Time of fuch‘Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming itnder fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Poffeflion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, fhall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, according to fuch Poffeflion, until the contrary fhall be fhewn to the Satisfadion of the faid Court of C.hanceiy ; and the Dividends or Interert of the faid Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, fhall be paid, applied, and 3	difpofed

paid, the Perfon who may be in Poffeflion fhall be entitled thereunto.

48° GEORGII III. Cap.tq.	383

difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it (hall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Polfeflion was a wrongful Poffefiion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or to fome E it ate or Interelt therein.

IX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That where, by reafon of The Court of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation,

entitled to any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments to be purchafed under pe!lce8 Qf the Authority of the faid recited Afts and this Aft, the Purchafe Money for Purchafes to the fame (hall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and ,:>e Pa,1(i to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments 1 ie ru LC>’ to be fettled to the like Ufes in purfuance of the faid recited Afts and this Aft, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchafes from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of the faid Afts and this Aft, or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Court (hall deem reafonable, to be paid by the faid Trultees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the faid Afts and this Aft, who fhall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes a3 the faid Court fhall direft.

X.	And be it further enafted. That the Cofts, Charges, and Expences For paying incident to and attending the applying for, preparing, obtaining, and paffing the Expences this Aft, fhall be paid out of the Monies now remaining in the Hands of of^ the

the faid Truflees or their Treafurer, or out of the firft Monies which fhall be collefted or received by them, or any of thenv by virtue of the faid recited Afts and this Aft, in preference to all other Payments wliatfoever.

XI.	And be it further enafted. That this Aft fliall be deemed and PublickAft. taken to be a Publick Aft, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch

by all Judges, Jultices, and others, without being fpccially pleaded.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That this Act fhall commence upon Term of the the p ifnng hereof, and fhall continue and be in force and be executed for

and during the Refidue now to come and unexpired of the Term granted by the Lid recited Afts, and from the Expiration thereof for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Setiicn of Parliament.

LONDON:

Printers

Printed by Gf.orof. Eyre and Andrew Strahan, to the King’s moft Excellent Majelly 1S08.

o. so in iid;io30 3^	.

•	*•:	?	Jib	'O'.'	.	-JE	SXlEr^	id	HuJI	J?	.	'	ftblOSH!	V	b-

♦•jialf io tzh' uo-,0 £ /r-T d	jltera^fiol.	'	9	’.vie-'if. j id! r:*f io

• :i 10	.	01160	,S)3J

‘iu-1^ -,/iT ■),, r ;ie5Tud .aiirf-.v • HT >jV )

,-ass ,»-•••% ?>>c

*ip‘ i? i	fc	b-bivoi*?	.7J

• ■ f-, y '	to	vjifti' T- ; yrr.i

f|5l«il^9d ■ )fl . /jll .0 ,t i‘!00 '	Si(::.I	yus i tTlmn-T

o? i.'.'ciWl Itil ’(J'loM Atilt 10^ .!; J '	.	Sj'.A yii:',Jlbi...3fil '‘ ) ylilorfl .'A lift

vd !■:'.£[ijj. ^ ftaomtr) ?o fiooD • cji.'	I	!.. id UrlR • tul adi

'41 •	.•”	•	1 .'r -r • ’••> v- a':- i ni tsilyqr otFol

: • r.flJV •	7 7	i»	•!	id*	oj h>» ■ : odd!

ol yiJOttf d) :o • r .Iti gi iV	r	it	1	;i ffii.it li .fiA

ni "f-.sit* id fa 5 ..i'« uiiT r;-. : AJ^nW! ‘ - ?	-^*1 -ft’-hio

f	-5f	to	ffwiTT	o!to' ,t . i'b	1	‘	’ V' r • ••Ififf

•	•	-	'.'	.	}\dno':l	•	i.:o	--t,

■

> - ; ' wii 'I i!’:	ysrto'	.	iv	car;.?	riaul	ysq	:.-. i' dl ' "•* llcdi

..	;	nrl-srii

^nrrsqr1‘to’Z rjr ..'TXjt

830f -IX,

,	’	>	,r.fi.;,D	T(	f	2	JlV	> 'SllT li id L: A. .7

'

W	>'	u-4	lT<dr2A- i*b

"I.1* K' • rsi'Ti *•	i'	:i	-	:	.	: 5«:' ‘Li- sdl



V) h; id; br.r. r.Z



. 7 sd i:bai

:MP. .•, .*5 ■ Lils

■ id h: . .'2 >; t-. o! irilLj -• . .-'o - -1 yd





O

o	•	. ad Lii/i- .' .X

■ i 1'	-	.1.	q	siJj

. v-i'-tid :h Li:s i 'J bt. ;/■ ‘r-.'fciT 1 idr vd

- - -:i *’

■.lie-)Mi»/i' :

HR

■ni 1. r:i i"ul -ivil • ; .•: ii











r.



ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

♦a***************************************************

Cap. 20.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of lb much of an ACt of the Forty-fecond Year of His Majefty’s Reign, as relates to building and maintaining a Houfe of Correction in and for the City and County of Aberdeen.

[14th April 1808.]

WHEREAS by an Aft parted in the Forty-fecond Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled. An Ail for building 4 and maintaining a Houfe of Correction in and for the c City and County of Aberdeen ; and for rai/ing a Fund for defraying the Charges of apprehending, profecuting, and fubfifling Criminals, Rogues, and Vagabonds found within the ft id City and Liberties thereof, the Perfons therein defcribed, together with other Per-fons to be chofen in the Manner thereby directed, were appointed Commiftioners for building and maintaining a Houfe of Correction in and for the faid City and County, and for executing all the other Powers committed by the faid Aft to the faid Commiftioners ; and Powers were thereby given to the faid Commiftioners to agree for the Purchale of Ground for the Pvrpofe of erefting the faid Houfe and other neceflfary Buildings; and certain Parts of the County of Banff \Loc. &. Per.']	4	C	were

2 0.3, •47-

286

Rrue3 autho-rifed by the former Aft, m»y bs impaled at the tirft General Meeting of the Commif-fioners held after the palling ol this Aft.

When completed, no greater Rate to be chargrd than necef-fary to defray Annual Charges.

Power to borrow an additional Sum on the Credit of the Kates.

48* GEORG 11 III. Cap. 20.

were for the Purpofes of the laid Aft declared to be liable to a rateable Proportion of the Aftfeirment thereby allowed to be impofed, and certain Rates and Aftt lT'nents were authoriled to be levied within the City and County of Aberdeen, and the laid Parts of the County of Banff, after the faid Houfe of Correction was completely finilhed : And the faid Commiftioners were authorifed to borrow a Sum of Money not exceeding Seven thoufand Pounds Sterling upon the Securities of the faid Rates and AffefimeDts j and fundry other Powers were thereby granted for aceoimpliflfmg the Purpofes of the laid Aft : And whereas the Com-mifli others appointed by and elected in purfuance of die faid Aft, have proceeded fo far in the Execution thereof, as to agree for the Pur-chafe of the necelfaty Ground, and thereupon began to ereft the necelfarv Buildings ; but the Sum allowed by the laid Aft to be borrowed is found to be inadequate, and the ProviP.on that the Rates and Afieffments are not to be levied till the Building is completed, has been found inexpedient, nor can the Purpofes of the faid Aft be ac-complilhed, unlcls further and other Powers are granted by Parliament: May it therefore pleafe Ycur Majefty, That it may be enafted, and be it enafted by the King’s nioft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament allem-bled, and by the Authority of the lame. That it fliall and may be lawful for the faid Commiftioners, at their Firft General Meeting held after the pafting of this Aft, any Thing in the faid former Aft notwith-ftanding, to impofe and caufe to be levied in the Manner direfted by the laid former Aft from the City of Aberdeen, and from the Heritors and Tenants of Land and Eifhings in the faid County of Aberdeen, and thole Parts of the County of Banff which are delcribed and comprehended in the faid former Aft. the Rates and AflefTrnents authorifed to be impofed and levied by the laid Aft, for the Purpofe of erefting and maintaining the faid Houle of Correftion, and ft.r dif-charging the Mon^y borrowed as hereinafter mentioned, and the In-tereft thereof, and all other Cha g-s attending the. pafting of this Aft, and the Execution thereof, and to continue the laid Rates and Afleff-ments fo long as lhall be found neceffary.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That after the faid Hpufe of Correction is erefted and completed, and the whole Expence o; erefting and completing the lame, and of the pafting the laid former Aft and this Aft are paid, and the Money borrowed for thofe Purpofes, with the Intereft thereof, is repaid, the faid Kates and AfTelTments lhall not be impofed or levied to any greater Extent than may be neceftary to defray the annual Charges of maintaining the faid Houfe of Correction; and to that End the faid Commiftioners lhall diminilh the Rates according to Circumftances, with Power, in cafe of Neceftity, again to taife the fame fer the Purpofes of the faid recited Aft and this Aft, but not higher than the Rates allowed to be impofed by the faid for-fner Aft.

III.	And be it enafled, That the faid Commiftiooers, or their Committee, fh,all have Power, and they are hereby authoriled to borrow and take up at Intereft, on the Security of the laid Ra,.es and AlTefiments, fuch Sum or Sums of Money as lhall be requilite for defraying the

Sixpence

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 20.	2S7

Expence already incurred in purchafing Ground for the faid Houfe of ■'Corredion, and the Accommodations connected therewith, and in ereding and completing the fame, with all the other Expences attending the palling and executing the faid former Ad and this Ad, provided that the whole Amount of the Money fo borrowed (hall not exceed the Sum of Twelve thoufand Pounds Sterling, including the Sum of Seven thoufand Pounds Sterling, allowed to be borrowed by the faid former Ad; and it (hall be lawful to the faid Commilhoners, and they are hereby empowered to affign and make over the Whole, or any Part of the Rates and Affeffments by the faid Ad and this Ad allowed to be impofed, to any Perfon or Perfons from whom the Money lhall be borrowed as aforefaid, in Security for the Payment thereof, and the Intereft arifing thereon, at a Rate not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annum-, which Alignments, and the Transfers thereof, fhall be made and entered, and be under the Rules and Regulations contained in the faid former Ad.

IV.	And be it enaded, That all the Powers and Provifoes of the faid former Ad (hall be applicable to this prelent Ad, fo far as the fame are confident with the Provifions thereof.

Provifoes of the former Aft extended to this Aft.

V.	A-nd be it further enaded That it fhall and may be lawful to the jufiices miT Juftices of the Peace, in and for the faid County of Aberdeen, at their mitigate Pu-Quarter SetTions affembled, from Time to -Time, upon or without "'foment. Application made to them by the Party, to inquire into the Circum-ltances of the Cafe of any Perfon or Perfons committed to the faid Houfe of Corredion, by Warrant of any One or more of the Juftices as authorifed by the faid former Ad, and into the Punilhment ordered to be inflided ; and thereupon, if they feeCaufe, to leffen or fhorten the Term of the Confinement of fuch Perfon or Perfons, or otherwife to mitigate their Punilhment, according to the Difcretion of the Juftices fo affembled.

VI.	And be it enaded, That this Ad lhall be deemed and taken to Public Aft, be a Public Ad, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

LONDON: Princed by George Eyre and Anorew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty. 1808.

OVA'. DO OK1.ZV ..	/v.;



EIxMjI ■	T if	i 11	•> ' -I f /i!%;
*#•* • . ..	- -5,	' *' ■ •?<*•» *' a * e ■ i	
	H		• - ,
•'■•AS c;h r:A .			#?*! ri 1A -:ij.
tJV*. <p£ri<& .1.		. 1 • s'; m	l . fir bi ■

ij ■ - '•>-A,H .. j	jjilii

<1 - ,l/i-sd] ijianw iW^s.ir If:	N'*>	Vf	i1

i:y- .	. iQ Vj>Ij . •	\	/	/

j.

j ; •'	;	Grv	-	JOi	.	. I .491. id 1>	41p	J	(i	ifiiUi tt, ■<

• .	.1	■;!	Ju

■

>	.	.	.. -	:	.	■	■	'	. A	•

■. ;cj»• ft	',0.!	.2■ •	*■	•	-	•	-,V>	-	-

. . .1. ‘ ' *•,

p*1i to tar

r i"	?	 v*

lif	;	*	.1.	......	.»;•*	fc.

• V	r	:	1	1	. r . ; ,v .	r.	.

; . 1 .... . . . .1

.

I	’	' "	...	:i	:	;	I	.	:

■ i.!j	;	ii-	i;n	:	. :! , .0? . s. . .	..	'	.	.	,	'

1................ jbnuoH	■	»	tc	itr	«J	ui	*.%-t.o.jin 1\ iyafc. v .o < .

it U	\\ .j.	■	t	*'	?%3i!

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

****************************************************

Cap. 21.

An Adi for better afleffing and colledling the Poor and other Rates in the PariHi of Saint Mary Newington, in the County of Surrey, and regulating the Poor thereof.	[14th	April	1808.]

WHEREAS the Poor within the Parifh of Saint Mary Newington in the County of Surrey arc very numerous, and are maintained and fiipported at a great Expence, and by means of very haivy Rates: And whereas the Laws and Statutes now in force within this Realm, for the alt effing and collcfting of Monies for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor, are found ineffeftual in the faid Pari fit, by reafon that divers Houfes within the faid Parilh are let to occafional Occupiers, and alfo let out in Parcels to Under-Tenants, and to Lodgers in feparate Apartments, both furnifhed and unfurnilhed ; and others are let at fmall Yearly Rents: And whereas it would tend to the Equalization and Rcduftion of the pre-fentPoor and other Parochial Rates within the faid Parifh, and to the great Alleviation of many induftrious Families who now pay the fame, and of the Inhabitants of the faidParifh in general, if further and additionalPowers were given for the affeffing and collefl.ing of fuch Rates, and for better maintaining and regulating the Poor thereof; May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enadfed by the King’s moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the paffing of this AS, all and every Perfon or PerfonS who do and fhall inhabit, hold, ufe, occupy, poflefs, or enjoy any Land, Ground, Houfe, Shop, Warehoufe, Storehoufe, Cellar, Coach-houfe. Stable, Vault, Building, Tenement, Hereditaments, or Premiles, the Annual Rent or Value whereof fhall exceed the Sum of Fifteen Pounds, [Lac. ^ Per.]	4	D	lhall

How Houfes are lo lie rated if the Value is above 15 1. per Annum.

290

Declaring who thali be compellable to pay the Rates.

For the bet. ter recovering Rates on hiouf.s let «t {mail Rents.

48° GEORG 11 III. Gap. it.

fliall be rated and affeffed, for and towards the Rate or Affeffment to be madd from Time to Time by the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor of the faid Parifh of Saint Mary Newington, for and towards the Relief of the Poor of the faid Parifli, for and in letpect of fuch Land, Ground, Houfe, Shop, Warehoufe, Storehoufe, Cellar, Coach-houfe, Stable, Vault, Build-ing. Tenement, Hereditaments, or Premifes, at Four-fifths of the Annual Rent or Value thereof refpeetively, and no more.

II.	And be it Further ena&ed, That the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners of all and every Houfe, Tenement, or other Premifes within the faid Parifli, which is, are, or fliall be let in Parcels, or feparate Apartments* or in Lodgings furnifhed or unfumifhed, (hall be deemed and taken to be the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, and fliall be rated to and fliall pay the feveral Rates and Affeffments for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor and all other the Parochial Rates of the faid Parifli.

HI. And be It further enafted, That when the Yearly Rent or Value of any Houfe, Tenement, or Hereditament within the faid Parifli fhall not exceed Fifteen Pounds, or where any Houfe, Tenement, or Hereditament fliall be let to any Weekly or Monthly Tenants, or in feparate Apartments, furnifhed or uiifurnifhed, and the Rents thereof fliall become payable and be .collected at any fhorter Period than Quarterly, then and in every fuch Cafe it fliall and may be lawful to and for the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor, or the major Part of them, in Veflry affembled 1 if they fhall think proper) to compound with the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners of all and every or any fuch Houfe or Houfes, Tenement or Tenements, Hereditament or Hereditaments in the faid Parifh, for the Payment of the Rate or Rates, AffelTment or Affeffments for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor, and all other the Parochial Rates of the faid Parifh, at fuch a reduced Yearly Rental as the faid Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor, or the major Part of them for that Purpofe in Veflry affembled, fhall think reafonable; fo that no fuch Houfe or Houfes, Tenement or Tenements, Hereditament or Hereditaments, be rated at lefs than One-half or more than Three-fourths of theRackRent at which the fame refpedively fliall then be let, or of the Annual Value of the faid Premifes refpectively ; and the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners of all fuch Houfes, Tenements, or Hereditaments as fliall not exceed the Yearly Rent of Fifteen Pounds, or as fliall be let to any Weekly or Monthly Tenants, or in feparate Apartments, furnifhed or unfurnifhed, and from whence the feveral Rents thereof fhall become due and be collected at any fhorter Period than Quarterly, is and are hereby required to enter into fuch Compofition with the faid Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor, or the major Part of them fo affembled : And in cafe fuch Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, fliall refufe to enter into fuch Compofition, he, fhe, or they fliall from thenceforth be deemed and taken to be the Occupier or Occupiers of fuch Premifes, and fhall thereupon be rated to, and from Time to Time fliall pay or caufe to. be paid the Rates or Affeflments charged upon their refpeftive Premifes for the Relief of the Poor, and all other the Parochial Rates of the faid Parifh, according to a fair and equal Affeffment by the faid Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor, or the major Part of thenifo affembled; and upon Non-payment thereof, the faid Churchwardens and Overfeers, pr airy of them, are hereby authorized to levy the fame by Diflrefs and Sale qf the Goods and Chattels of the Landlord or Landlords, ■ .. m...	;	1	■	'	.	'	1	'	•	‘	Owner

43® GEORGII ilL Cap. 2t.	291

Owner or Owners of the refpeftive Premlfes aforefaid, wherefoever they may be found, or of the Perfon or Perfons inhabiting the fame refpeftively:

Provided always, that no fuch Landlord or Owner lhall be charged with or Landlords liable to pay for any increafed Rent referred or made payable to him for or not to be on account of fuch Landlord or Owner having agreed to pay the Rates f^ved Rent! heretofore chargeable upon the feveral Occupiers of fuch PremifeS ; and provided alfo, that the Goods and Chattels of all and every Perfon or Perfons renting or occupying any fuchHoufe, Tenement, or Hereditament, or any Part or Parts thereof, the Rate or Rates, Afleffment or Affeffments whereof the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners is and are hereby made liable and fubjeft to as aforefaid, lhall be liable at all Times to be dif-trained and fold, lor Payment of fo much of the faid Rates or Affeffments, and of all Arrears thereof, as became due upon the faid Premifes during the lime of his, her, or their Occupancy only; but no fuch Occupier or Occupiers lhall at any Time be required to pay or be fubjeft or liable to pay any greater Sum for or towards the Difcharge of the laid Rates or Affeffments, or any of them, and Arrears thereof, than the Amount of the Rent actually due and payable by fuch Occupier or Occupiers to the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners of the Premifes fo occupied by him, her, or them : Provided alfo, that each and every Occupier who lhall pay any fuch Rate or Rates, Afleffment or Affeffments, or any Arrears thereof, or upon whom the fame lhall be levied, lhall and may from Time to Time deduft the fame from the Rent due and payable from him, her, or them,' to the refpeftive Landlords or Owners of the Premifes (unlefs there lhall be fome Agreement to the contrary, between the Landlord and Tenant), and the Receipt for fuch Payment lhall be a fufficient Difcharge to fuch Occupier or Occupiers, and to his, her, or their Landlord or Landlords, for fo much Money as he, Ihe, or they lhall pay in the Manner directed by this Aft : Provided alfo, that no fuch Tenant or Occupier, by Payment Tenant or of any fuch Rate or Rates, Afleffment or Affeffments in Manner aforefaid, °ctuPier not or which lhall have been compounded for as aforefaid, lhall be deemed to Se tfement acquire any Settlement in the faid Parilh ; but in every fuch Cafe the Land- by the Pay-lord or Owner of the Premifes lhall be deemed and conftrued to have paid ^ates? 1 ' the fame ; ar.y Law, Statute, or Ufage to the contrary thereof in anywife notwitlfllanding.	,

IV.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons lhall How Rotes remove out of or from, or quit the Poflelfion of any Houfe, Shop, Building,

Tenement, or other Premiles, before the Rate or Rates, Afleffment or A!- Parties re-feffments charged thereon refpeftively by virtue of this Aft lhall be paid moving, and dil'charged; or if any Perfon or Perfons lhall enter into the Occupation of any Houle, Shop, Building, Tenement, or other Premifes in the faid Parilh, out of or from which any other Perfon or Perfons lhall have fo removed, before fuch Rate or Rates, Afleffment or Affeffments fhall have been paid and difeharged ; then and in every fuch Cafe the Terfon or Perfons fo removing out of or from, or quitting thePoffeffion of, and the Perfon or Perfons entering into the Occupation of any fuch Houfe, Shop, Building, Tenement or other Premifes, fhall be refpeftively fubjeft and liable to, the Payment of all fuch Rates and Affeffments, in proportion to the Time that fuch Perfon or Perfons refpeftively poffefled or occupied the fame, in the fame Manner as if the Perfon or Perfons fo removing or quitting as aforefaid had remained in the Poffeflion or Occupation of fuch Houfe, Shop,

Building, Tenement or other Premifes, or tire Perfon or Perfons fo entering

E92

Paupers to be removed by Beadles jnftead of Overfeers.

P r the more efieftually afleniAg the Poor and other Parochial Rates within the £iid Parifh.

Mar.r.tr of appoinnni? Overfeers in •tatu'.s.

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap.11.

ing into the PofTeffion or Occupation thereof refpeftively, had been originally rated and afieffed to fuch Rates or AffefTments, or any of them; and fuch Proportion fhall be afeertained by the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor of the faid Parifh; and in cafe of any Diipute refpefting the Amount or Proportion thereof, the fame fhall be fettled by any Two or more of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace in and for the County of Surrey.

V.	And be it further enacted, That whenever any poor Perfon or Per-fons, or any Vagrant or Vagrants, {hall be ordered to be removed from the faid Pariih of Saint Mary Newington to the Place or Pariih of his, her, or their legal Settlement, it fhall be lawful for the faid Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor (if they fhall think fit) to caufe fuch poor Perfon or Perfons, Vagrant or Vagrants, to be refpeftively removed, in the ufual Manner of removing Paupers or Vagrants, by a Beadle, or feme Perfon or Perfons to be appointed by the faid Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor, or any Two or more of them for that Purpofe, by Writing under their Hands; and every Overfeer and other proper Officer of the Parifh or Place to which fuch poor Perfon or Perfons, Vagrant or Vagrants, fhall be ordered to be removed as afotefaid, is hereby required to receive every fuch poor Perfon or Perfons, Vagrant or Vagrants, in like Manner as he or they would have been bound to do if fuch poor Perfon or Perfons, Vagrant or Vagrants, had been delivered to him, her, or them by One of the Overfeers of the Poor of the faid Pariih of Saint Mary Newington; any Law, Cuftom, or Ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

VI.	And be it further enacted. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Churchwardens, Overfeers of the Poor, and Inhabitants of the faid Parifh affembled in Vellry, or the major Part of them fo affembled, from Time to Time, as often as they fhall find necelfary, to employ any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other competent Perfon or Perfons, to affift in making and afeertaining the Annual Value of all or any Ploufe or Houfes, or Hereditaments liable to be alfeffed to any Rate for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor, and to pay fuch Sum or Sums of Money to every fuch Surveyor or Surveyors, or other competent Perfon or Perfons, for his or their Trouble therein, as to the faid Churchwardens and Overfeers fhall appear juft and reafonable, out of any Money arifing by fuch Rates: Provided always, that no Perfon fhall be capable of acting as a Surveyor as aforefaid, until he fhall have raken and fubferibed the Oath following, before the faid Churchwardens and Overfeers, (which Oath any Two or more of them are hereby empowered to adminifter);

*	T A. B. do fwearjjw affirm, as the Cafe may be\ That I will truly, im-‘ -“-partially, and honeftly execute the Truft repofed in me as a Surveyor, ‘ by virtue of an Aft made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His

*	prefent Majefty, intituled, An Ad for better affeffmg and collcding the

*	Poor and other Rates in the Parifh of Saint Mary Newington, in the

*	County of Surry, and regulating the Poor thereof, without Favour or Aftec-« tion, Prejudice or Malice, to any Perfon whomfoever. So help me God.’

VII.	And be it further cnafted, That on the Eafter Tuefday next after the palling of this Aft, and fo in like Manner on the Eafter Tuefday in each and every fucceeding Year, the Inhabitants of the faid Parifh of Saint Mary Newington, in Veftry affembled, or the major Part of them

then

293

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 21.

then prefent, (hall nominate Four fubftantial Houfekeepers to ferve the Office of Overfeer of the Poor of the faid Pariffi, and (hall caufe a Lift of the Names of the faid Four Perfons to be delivered to the Juftices of the Peace a ding in and for the Eaftern Half Hundred of Brixton and Borough of Southwark in the faid County of Surrey, at the next enfuing Petty Seffion; and the faid Juftices at their faid Petty Seffion (hall and they are hereby authorized and required to nominate and appoint, by Writing under their Hands, and Seals, Two of the faid Four Perfons, named in fuch Lift, to be Overfeers of the Poor of the faid Parilh; and fuch Two Perfons fo nominated and appointed (hall continue in their faid Office of Overfeer until the Eafter Tuefday following, and until the Petty Seffion then next following, when Two other Perfons (hall be appointed in manner aforefaid to aft in their Steads : Provided neverthelefs, that Two of the prefent Overfeers of the faid Pariffi ; videlicet, William Evitt and John Jones (hall continue in their faid Office of Overfeer until Two other Overfeers are appointed, at the Time and in Manner hereinafter mentioned and no longer; and that on the Twenty-ninth Day of September next after the palling of this Aft, and fo in like Manner in each and every fucceeding Year, the Inhabitants of the faid Pariffi, in Veftry alfembled, or the major Part of them then prefent, (hall nominate Four fubftantial Houfeholders of the faid Pariffi to ferve the Office of Overfeer of the Poor of the faid Pariffi for the Year enfuing, and (hall caufe a Lift of fuch Four Perfons to be delivered to the faid Juftices at their next Petty Seffion ; and the faid Juftices at fuch Petty Seffion (hall and they are hereby authorized and required to nominate and appoint, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, Two of the Four Perfons named in fuch Lift, to be Overfeers in the Room of the faid William Evitt and John Jones: Provided always, that Notice (hall be given in the faid Pariffi Church, on the Sunday next before Eafter Tuefday in each and every Year, for the Inhabitants to meet in Veftry on Eafter Tuefday, for the Purpofe of choofing Overfeers of the Poor of the faid Pariffi ■, and a fimilar Notice (hall alfo be 'given on the Sunday next before the Twenty-ninth Day of September in each and every Year, for the Inhabitants to meet in Veftry on the Twenty-ninth Day of September, for the Purpofe of choofing Overfeers of the Poor of the faid Parilh ; and for ever hereafter the Overfeers of the Poor of the faid Pariffi (hall continue to be nominated and appointed at the Times and in Manner as is herein-before direfted, and not otherwife: Provided always. That if in any Year the Twenty-ninth Day of September (hall happen to be on a Sunday, then and in fuch Cafe fuch Nomination of fuch Four Perfons to ferve the Office of Overfeer of the Poor of the faid Pariffi, by the Inhabitants of the faid Pariffi in Veftry alfembled, or the major Part of them then prefent, (hall be made on the following Day; and if no Petty Seffion (hall be held within One Month after Eafter Tuefday, or within One Month after the Twenty-ninth Day of September refpeftively in any Year or Years, then and in every fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful for any Two Juftices of the Peace aft-ing in and for the faid Eaftern Half Hundred of Brixton and Borough of Southwark, in the faid County of Surrey, and they are hereby authorized and required, upon Application made to them for that Purpofe, ’to nominate and appoint, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, Two Perfons, out of fuch Lift or Lifts as aforefaid to be delivered to them, [Loc. Per. j	4	£	.	to

294-

Appointment of Colleftors.

Colleftors to account.

48° GEORGII III. Cap.zi.

to be Overfeeis of the Poor of the faid Pari (It for the Year then next ending, and until new ones {hall in like Manner be nominated and appointed to fucceed them; and ail fuch Perfons when fo nominated and appointed, and having Notice thereof, {hall from thenceforth, together with the Churchwardens for the Time being of the faid Parilh, be and be deemed Over-feers of the Poor of the faid Parilh of Saint Mary Newington ; and they and each of them the faid Overfeers, fo nominated and appointed as afore-faid, fhall ar.d they are hereby leverally required to do, perform, and execute their refpeftive Duty and Duties, Office and Offices of Overfeer and Overfeers of the Poor of the faid Parilh accordingly; and they and each of them {hall be fubjeft and liable to the like Rules, Regulations, Rellric-tions. Penalties, and Forfeitures, and fhall have and enjoy the like Privileges, Exemptions, and Immunities, as, by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, Overfeers of the Poor are {abject and liable to, and have and enjoy.

VIII.	And, in order the better to enable the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor of the faid Parilh of Saint Mary Newington to collect and levy the faid Rates; be it further enacted, That it fhall be lawful for the faid Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor, or the major Part of them, at a publick Veltry Meeting to be held for that Furpofe, to elect and appoint One or more Perfon or Perfons to be a Collector or Colleftors of the Rates authorized to be made, collected, and levied by virtue of this Act (every fuch Collector being a refluent Floufeholder in the faid Parilh), and to take fuch Security from fuch Collector or Collectors as they the faid Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor, or the major Part of them, lhall think proper for the due Execution of his or their Office, and to remove fuch Collector or Collectors at their Will and Pleafure; and out of fuch Rates and Afleffments to be collected and received by virtue of this Aft, to make fuch Allowances, by way of Salary or Poundage, to the faid Colleftor or Collectors, not exceeding Sixpence in the Pound on the Monies aftually collected, for their Trouble in the Coi-leftion of the Rates aforefaid; and to revoke and countermand, alter and vary fuch Nominations and Appointments, Allowances, or Recompence, and make others in their Stead, or not, as to them the faid Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor, or the major Part of them, (hall feem meet and proper; and the faid Colleftors lhall and they are hereby required to produce to the faid Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor, whenever thereto required, their refpeftive Rate Books, in order that the faid Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor may be fatisfied as to the Sum and Sums of Money rated and alfelTed and not received, and may give fuch Direftions, rel'pefting the collefting and levying the fame, as they fhall think proper.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if any fuch Colleftor or Colleftors, when thereunto required by the faid Churchwardens and Overfeers, or_ within Ten Days thereof, fhall refufe or negleft to deliver up fuch Rate Book or Books, and all and every the Account and Accounts of all Monies by him or them received for or on Account of

ig5

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

tlie faid Rates or AfTeffments, and all Papers thereunto belonging, and to make Payment of the Balance which fhall appear to remain in his or their Hands, by virtue of his or their rcfpcftive Office or Offices, then and in every fuch Cafe, upon Complaint made by the laid Churchwardens and Overfeers, or the major Part of them, of any fuch Refufal or Neglect as aforefaid, to any Juflice of the Peace for the faid County of Surrey, fuch Juftice may and he is hereby authorized and required to iffue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, for the Colleftor or Collectors fo refufmg or neglecting to account as aforefaid, to appear before him, and upon his or their appearing, or having been lummoned and not appearing or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a fummary Way ; and if upon the Confeffion of the Party, or by the Teftimony of any credible Witnefs or Witneffes upon Oath (which Oath fuch Juftice is hereby empowered to adminifter) it fhall appear to fuch Juftice that any of the Monies that fhall have been collected or received by virtue of this Aft, fhall remain due from fuch Collector or Collectors, fuch Juftice may and he is hereby authorized and required upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to caufe fuch Money to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Colleftor or Collectors ; and if it fhall appear to fuch Juftice that fuch Colleftor or Collectors fhall have refufed or neglefted to render and give fuch Account, or to produce the Books, Papers or Writings relating to the Collection of the Rates authorized by this Aft, which fhall be in the Cuftody or Power of fuch Colleftor or Collectors, and he or they fhall have refufed or neglefted to deliver or give Satisfaction refpefting the fame as aforefaid, then and in each and every fuch Cafe, fuch Juftice fliall commit fuch Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correction for the County where fuch Offender fhall be or refide, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he or they fhall give and make a true and perfeft Account, and deliver up fuch Books, Papers and Writings, or give Satisfaction in refpeft thereof to the faid Churchwardens and Overfeers; provided that no i'ueh Colleftor or Collectors fo committed, fliall be confined or detained in Prifon by virtue of fuch Warrant, for any longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

X.	And be it further enafted. That the Perfon or Perfons to be appointed in Manner aforefaid, Colleftor or Collectors of the faid Rates or AfTeffments, is and are hereby authorized and empowered to receive, col-left, and levy the fame ; and that the feveral Sums of Money arifing from fuch' Rates or AfTeffments, together with all Arrears due upon former Rates allowed as aforefaid, fliall and may be collected quarterly," or other-wife ; and, for the better enabling fuch Colleftor,or Collectors fo to do, it fhall and may be lawful to and for him or them to execute all fuch Warrants of Diftrefs as fhall be granted from Time to Time by any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, in the Manner hereinafter direfted, againft any Perfon or Perfons neglefting or refufmg to pay the faid Rate or Affeff-ment, in the fame Manner, and as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes, as Overfeers of the Poor, by any Law or Laws now in being, can or may execute the fame.

Colleftors empowered to levy Rates.

XL And,

296

How Rates are to be

levied on Refusal.

Perrons refilling to attend when Summoned.

4-8° GEORG II III. Cap. 21.

XI.	And, for the better and more effectual raifing and levying the Rate* and Afleffments direded to be made by this Ad, be it further enaded. That in cafe any of the Landlords or Occupiers, or any Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors,Leffee or Lelfees, of any Land, Ground, Dwelling -houfe. Shop, Warehoule, Coach-houfe, Stable, Cellar, Vaults, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, within the faid Parifh, herein-before made liable to pay any Rate or Afleifment made, laid and afielfed by virtue of this Ad, lhall refufe or negled to pay the Money rated and alfelTed upon him, her, or them refpedively, and all Arrears due thereon, or upon any former Rate or Rates, it lhall be lawful to and for any One or more of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace ading for theEaflern Half Hundred of Brixton and Borough of Southwark in the County of Surrey, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to fummon, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, all and every Perfon and Perfons who lhall have refufed or negleded as aforefaid (upon Oath being made before him or them, by the Colledor or Colledors appointed by the faid Churchwardens and Overfeers, or the major Pan of them as aforefaid, for the Time being, of his or their having attended upon or at the Dwelling-houfe or lad Place of Abode of all and every Perfon and Perfons then intended to be fummoned, and having demanded the Rate or Rates, and of fuch Perfon or Perfons having refufed or neglected to pay the faid Rate or Rates) to appear before fuch Juflice or Juftices at a Time and Place to be mentioned in fuch Summons, or before fucii other Juftice or Juftices ad-ing in and for the faid Eaftern Half Hundred of Brixton and Borough of Southwark, as lhall be fitting upon the Return of fuch Summons or Sum-monfes; and it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Colledor and Collectors appointed or to be appointed by the faid Churchwardens and Over-verfeers of the Poor, or the major Part of them as aforefaid, or for any of She Conftables, Headboroughs, or Beadles of the faid Parilh, to ferve all and every fuch Summons and Summonfes upon all and every Perfon and Perfons fo refufmg or negleding to pay as aforefaid, either by delivering the fame to the Perfon or Perfons thereby intended to be funnnoned, or leaving the fame at his, her, or their laft or ufual Place or Places of Abode, or at the Premifes for which the Rates mentioned in fuch Summons, lhall remain due and owing ; and if any Perfon or Perfons fo fummoned lhall refufe or negled to attend at the Time and Place mentioned in fuch Summons, or if he, Ihe, or they lhall attend, and lhall not Ihew good and fufficient Caufe to fuch Juftice or Juftices, that they are not chargeable with fuch Rate or Rates, then and in every fuch Cafe all and every fuch Perfon and Perfons who lhall have been fo fummoned lhall pay the reafonable Colts and Charges of fuch Summons; and in all Cafes where the faid Rate or Rates, or any of them, lhall not be paid upon the Return of fuch Summons, it lhall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juftice or Juftices who lhall have iffued fuch Summons or Summonfes as aforefaid, or fome other Juftice or Juftices of the Peace ading for the faid Eaftern Half Hundred of Brixton and Borough of Southwark, and he or they is and are hereby authorized and required, upon Oath made before him or them of the due Service of fuch Summons or Summonfes by the Party who lhall have ferved the fame, to grant a Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand or Hands, Seal or Seals, authoriling or direding the

297

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

faid Colleftdr or Colleftors, or any Conftable, Headborough, or Beadle of the laid Paiilh, to cclleft or levy all and every fuch Rate or Rates, Afieflment or Affcflments, and all Arrears thereof, and the Expence of the Summons (if the fame lhall not have been before paid) and Warrant, by Diftrefs of the Goods and Chattels of the Party fo neglecting or refufing, which (hall be found either within the faid Parilh or elfewhere; and if within Five Days next alter any fuch Diftrefs lhall be made, the faid Rate or Rates, A He (linen t or Alfelfments, with all Arrears due thereon, lhall not be paid, together with the rcafonable Charges of the faid Summons' (if lath Summons lhall hot have been before paid for) and Warrant, and of Waking fuch Dill refs, and keeping fuch Goods and Chattels, the faid Collector or Collectors, Conftabie or Conftables, Headborough or Head-boroughs, Beadle or BeadleS, (hall caufe the faid Goods to be appraifed by one or more Appraifer or Appraisers, and to be fold, or fuch Part or Parts thereof as lhall be fufficient to pay the faid Rate or Rates, Alfelfment or Afieflment;,, together with all Arrears due thereon, and the reafonable Charges aforefaid, and the Charges of appraifing and felling the fame, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels refpcftively, upon Demand thereof made by him, her, or them.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That every Warrant of Diftrefs for Nonpayment of any Rate or Alfelfment to be made by virtue of this Aft, lhall be in the Words or to the Effeft following:

Sunryi * To the Churchwardens, Overfeers, and Colleftors of the to w.i /	‘ Poor Rates of the Parilh of Saint Mary Newington, in

‘ the County of Surrey, and to all Conftables and other ‘ Peace Officers for the fame Parilh.

\\7 H E RE AS the undermentioned Perfons, now or late Inhabitants, ’ Holders, Landlords, Tenants, Occupiers, or Enjoyers of Lands, Houfes, Shops, Warehoufes, Coach-houfes, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, or other Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Part of fome Building or Tenement within the faid Parilh of Saint Mary Newington, were and are truly rated and afleffed or liable to pay the Rate and Rates duly made for the Purpofe of an Aft made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, * An Aft [fet forth the Title of the AH\ : And whereas the faid Perfons have refufed or neglefted to pay the leveral Sums of Money at and agairift their Names hereunder refpec-tively let down for Money due from them, for or towards the Purpofes in the faid Aft mentioned ; and the faid feveral Sum and Sums are ftill remaining due in Arrear and unpaid, as appeareth upon Oath to

of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the faid County; and the faid feveral Perfons having been fummoned to appear before

to anfwer the Premiles, as alfo appeareth to	the faid Juftice, upon Oath, and

nor either of them having fhewn any fufficient Caufe why fuch Sum or Sums of Money (hould not be paid, Thefe are therefore in His Majefty’s Name, to will and require you, or either of you, [Lee. & Per.2	\	4iF	‘	forthwith

Form of W.irrant of Dilhefs.

2gi)

For k vying Rates from Perfons quitting or i emoving om of the Farifh,

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 21.

‘ forthwith to levy- the laid feveral Sums due from the faid Perfons, and ‘ hereunder joined to or fet againft their Names refpeftively, by Diftrefs ‘ and Sale of their refpective Goods and Chattels (fuch Goods and Chattels ‘ being kept for the Space of Five Days before the fame are fold) render-‘ >ng to them refpeftively the Overplus (if any be), the reafonable Charges ‘ of fuch Diftrefs, Sale and Keeping being irrit deducted ; and if no fuf-£ ficient Diftrefs can be had or taken, that then you certify the fame to us,

*	to the end fuch further Proceedings may be had therein as to the Law ‘ doth appertain: And we do hereby ftri&ly charge and command all and f Angular the Conftables and other His Majefty’s Peace Officers for

* the faid County, to be aiding and affifting in all Things relating to ‘ the Premifes. Given under our Hands and Seals, this

‘ Day of	in	the	Year	of	Our	Lord

« A. B.

‘ C. D.

‘ E. F. the Landlord for divided • G. H.

XIII.	And whereas it may happen that many Perfons liable to, and who may be rated and afleffed for the Relief of the Poor of the faid Pariffi, may, before the Payment of the Sum which may be rated on them re-fpectively, quit and leave their Grounds, Dwelling-houfes, Shops, Ware-houfes, Coach-houfes, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and remove out of the faid Parilh ; be it therefore further enabled, That when any Perfon or Perfons, who hath or have been fo rated and afleffed, ffiall quit or be about to quit his or their Lands, Grounds, Houfes, Shops, Warehoufes, Coach-houfes, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, before he, fhe, or they ffiall have paid the faid Rate or Affeffment, and ffiall afterwards refufe to pay the fame, when due and demanded by the Collector or Collectors authorized and appointed to receive the fame as aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe it ffiall and may be lawful to and for the faid CslleCtor or Collectors, or One of them, Oath being made by him or them, that he or they hath or have Caufe to fufpeCt that fuch Perfon or Perfons is or are removing, or hath or have removed his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of One or more of His Majefty’s Juilices of the Peace for the faid County of Surrey (which Warrant fuch Juftice or Juftices is or are hereby authorized and required to grant) and fuch Warrant being firft backed and counterfigned by fome Magiftrate of the County, City, or Liberty to which fuch Perfon or Perfons ffiall have removed (which Warrant Inch Magiftrate is hereby required to back or countersign), to diftrain the Goods and Chattels of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo refufing or neglecting to pay the faid Rates or Affeffments, and to fell the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) after having deducted the reafonable Charges and Lxpences attending fuch Diftrefs and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels refpeCtively, upon Demand thereof made.

Sums Due. £. s. d.

XIV.	And

48° GEORG 11 III. Capiat.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That in order to avoid the Lofs which frequently happens, by Tenants or Occupiers of Houfes, Tenements, or Hereditaments quitting and removing from the fame before the Day on which the Rates or Affeffments charged by virtue of this Act on the faid Houfes, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fhall become due and payable, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Coileftor or Collectors to be appointed as aforefaid, to demand and receive, Twenty-one Days before every fuch Day, or at any other fubfequent lime, the refpeftive Rates and Affeffments which would be due and payable on fuch Day; and in cafe of Non-payment thereof, to enforce the Payment of fuch Rates and Affeffments in the fame Manner and with the fame Powers as in cafe of the Non-payment of fuch Rates and Affeffments upon or after the Day on which the fame would be due and payable.

XV.	And be it further enafted, That when and as often as any Diftrefs fhall be made for Non-payment of any fuch Rate or Rates, Affeffment or Affeffments, or any Part thereof, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Diftrefs, to raife arid levy the reafonable Charges of making fuch Diftrefs, and felling and difpofmg of the fame, upon the Goods and Chattels, over and above the Sum of Money due upon the Rate or Rates, Affeffment or Affeffments for which fuch Diftrefs fhall be taken.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That where any fuch Diftrefs fhall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Aft, the Diftrefs itfelf fhall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the fame be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaffers, on account of any Default or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor fhall the Party or Parties be deemed a Trefpaffer or Tref-paffers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which fhall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties diftraining; but the Perfon or Perfons aggrieved by fuch Irregularity may recover full Satisfaftion for the fpecial Damage in an Aftion on the Cafe: Provided always, that no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhall recover in any Aftion for any fuch Irregularity, Trefpafs, or other Proceeding, unlefs Notice in Writing lhall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, or to his, her, or their Attorney or At-tornies, or left at his, her, or their laft or ufual Place of Abode Twenty-one Days before fuch Aftion fhall be commenced, figned by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, fpecifying the Caufe of fuch Aftion; nor fhall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in fuch Aftion, if Tender of fuf-ficient Amends fhall be made by or on the Behalf of the Party or Parties who fhall have committed or caufed to be committed every or any fuch Irregularity, Trefpafs, or wrongful Proceeding before fuch Aftion brought; and in cafe no fuch Tender fhall have been made, it fhall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any fuch Aftion, by leave of the Court where fuch Aftion fhall depend, to pay into the Court fuch Sum of Money as he or they fhall think fit, whereupon fuch Proceedings or Order and Judgement fhall be had, made, or given in and by

299

Rates payable ai Days before Quarter i/ay.

Expence of making Diftrefs 10 be paid with the Rates.

Parties making Diftrefs not to be deemed T refpaflers ab initio.

Parties not to recover unlefs Notice of Action fhall have be.n given.

3°o

Proceedings not to be quafhed for Wai.t of Form.

If dilTatisfied may appeal to tne Quarter Sefiions.

Juftices may relieve on Appeal againlt Rate* without quaH ing the whole AiTefl'-yoent.

Inhabitants may be Wit-nellies.

48® GEORG II 111. Cap. 21.

iach Court, as in other-Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

_ XVII. And be it further enaffod, That no Order, judgement, Conviction, or other Proceeding,1 touching or concerning any of the Matters afoirfaid, or touching or concerning the C on v id ion of any Oflender or Offenders againft this Ad, or any Order made, or any other Matter or Thing to be done or traniatted, in or relating to the Execution of this Ad, fhali be vacated or qualhed for Want of Form only; or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefs whatfoever, into any of Iiis Majelty’s Courts of Record at Wcjlminjlcr; any Law or Statute to the contrary in any wife notwit hftanding.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That if any Perfon or Per-fons fhali think himleli, hcrfelf, or themfelves aggrieved by any fuch Rate or Rates, AlTcflment or AflcfTments, or by reafon of any Order, Judgement, or Determination of any Jultice or Juftices of the Peace aCl-ing in execution of this Ad, or by any Matter or Thing done in purfuance thereof, then and in every fuch Cafe he, Ihe, or they may appeal to the next General or Quarter Sellions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Surrey which (hall happen next after the Expiration of Foui-teen Days after the Caufe of Complaint fhali have arilen, fuch Appell.: or Appellants firit giving or caufing to be given Ten Days Notice at leaft of fuch Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Party or Parties appealed againft, and within Two Days next after fuch Notice entering into a Recognizance in the Sum of Twenty Pounds, before fome uuftice of the Peace for the faid County, conditioned for profecuting fuch Appeal, and to abide the Order thereon, and to pay luch Colls as (hall be awarded by the Juftices at fuch General or Quarter Selfcons; and the faid Juftices affembled at fuch General or Quarter Sellions, upon due Proof of fuch Notice being given, and of eniering into fuch Recognizance, lhall hear and determine the Matter of fuch Appeal in a lummarv Wav, and award fuch Cods to the Party appealing or appealed againli as they the faid Juftices lhall think proper, and alfo to order and award fuch Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they lhall think reafonable.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enaCted, lhat on Appeal from fuch Rates or Afieflments, or any of them, the Juftices at fuch General or Quarter Sellions fliall and may amend the fame in fuch Manner as may be neceflary for giving Relief, without qualiiing or altering fuch Rates or Alfeflments, with refpect to other Perfons mentioned in the fame; but if upon Appeal from the whole Rate or Affeff-ment, it lhall be found neceflary to let afide the fame, then and in fuch Cafe the faid Juftices lhall and may order a new Rate or AlfclTment to be made.

XX.	And be it further cna&cd, That in all Actions, Profecutions, Informations, Caufes, and Proceedings whatfoever relating to or concerning

48“ GEORGII III. Cap. 21.	3Di

cerning the Execution of this Aft, no Inhabitant of the faid Parilh lhall be deemed an incompetent Witnefs, on Account of his, her, or their being charged with and liable to pay any fuch Rate or Affelfment.

XXI.	And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Perfon Form of or Perfons lhall be convicted of any Offence committed againll this Act, Conviction, or any Matter in purl'uance thereof, the Conviction lhall be in the Words

or to the Effect following ;

Surrey 1	‘ T>E it remembered, That on the	Day of

to wit./ c D in the Year of the Reign of

is convifted before	of	His	Majelty’s

‘ Jultices of the Peace for the County of Surrey, by virtue of ‘ an Act made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King

*	George the Third, intituled, [fet forth the Title of this AdJ

*	[fpecifying the Offence.~\

‘ Given under our Hands and Seals, [or, my Hand and ‘ Seal] the Day and Year aforefaid.’

XXII.	And be it further enafted, That no Aftion or Suic lhall be Limitation of brought or commenced againll any Perfon or Perfons, for any Thing Action . done in purfuance of this Aft, after Three Months after the Faft committed, or the Caufe of fuch Aftion lhall have arifen; and every fuch

Action lhall be laid and brought in the County of Surrey, and not elle-where ; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Aftion or Aftions to be brought may plead the General Iffue, and give this Aft and the fpecial GellclaI Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by Authority of this Aft ; and if upon the Trial of fuch Aftion or Suit, it lhall appear to be fo done, or that fuch Aftion or Suit lhall have been brought before the Expiration of Twenty-one Days next after fuch Notice lhall have been given as aforefaid, or after a fufficient Satisfaftion made or tendered as aforefaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the fame as aforefaid, or lhall be brought or laid in any other County than as aforefaid, then and in fuch Cafe the Jury lhall find for the Defendant or Defendants ; and if fuch Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs lhall become nonfuited, or difeontinue his, her, or their Aftion or Aftions, or if a Verdict lhall pafs againll the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer Judgement lhall be given againll the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every fuch Cafe the Defendant or Defendants lhall and may recover Treble Colts, and have the Treble Coft>. like Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Colls of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted, That all Colts, Charges, and Ex- For paying the

pences of palfing this Aft, and all other Charges incident to the obtain-	o!

ing thereof, or incurred in relation thereto, lhall be borne, paid, and defrayed out of the firlt Monies which lhall arife or be collected out of

any Rate or Affelfment made or to be made for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the faid Parilh.

4 G

\_Loc. S35 Per.]

XXIV. And

302

PublickAct.

48° GEORG II III. Cap.21.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That this Ad Ihall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Ad, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moll Excellent Majefty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

'»**3|E***iMfil!**^**3|f#****i|e**iiH|(^**iiH|t**i(t#-lS!S*«***************

Cap. 22,

An Aft to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Aft of King William the Third, for erefting Hofpitals and Workhoufes in the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, and for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there. [14th April 1808.]

WHEREAS in and by an Aft made in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of his Majefly King William the Third, intituled, An Act for erebling Hofpitals andWorkboufes within the 11 & *3 Borough of King’s Lynn, in the County of Norfolk; and for better employing and maintaining the Poor there, certain Peifons therein mentioned and their Succcffors to be chofen in Manner therein direfted, were incorporated by the Name and Style of, the Guardians of the Poor of the Borough of King’s Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, and voithin the Liberties of the fame Borough, and declared to be One Body Politick and Corporate in Law, and to have perpetual Succeflion and a Common Seal: And whereas the faid Guardians have proceeded in the Execution of the laid recited Aft, but certain of the Powers and Provifions thereof have by Experience been found infufficient for the Purpofes thereby intended, and it is expedient that the fame fhould be altered, amended, and certain Parts thereof repealed : But as the fame cannot be effefted without the Aid and Authority of Parliament : May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be en-afted ; and be ic enafted by the King’s noil Excellent Majefty, by and \Loc. Ss5 Per.]	4	H	with

W.j.

3°6

Churchwardens for ;he 1 ime being to be appointed Guardians.

Ovei fcers to be appointed.

Appointment of new Ovei-feers.

Power of the Corporal ion to fettle Allowances to the Poor repealed.

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Churchwardens for the Time being of the Parifh of Saint Margaret, in the faid Borough, and the Overfrers of the Poor for the l ime being for the feveral and rtfpeftive Wards within the faid Parifh of Saint Margaret, to be appointed in manner herein mentioned, fhall be and be deemed to be Guardians of the Poor of the laid Parifh of Saint Margaret, and fhall be added to the Guardians of the Poor of the faid Parifh of Saint Margaret, nominated or chol'en by virtue of the faid recited Aft, and fhall have the like Powers and Authorities in as full, ample, and btntficial a Manner to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, as if they refpeftively had been nominated or chofen fuch Guardians by virtue of the faid recited Aft.

II.	And be it further enafted, That on the firft Monday next after the parting of th:s Aft, the Overfeers of the Poor of the (aid Parifh of Saint Margaret laft appointed, fhall ceafe to be fuch Overfeers, and that on fuch Day or within Ten Days thereafter it fhall and may be lawful for any Two of His Majefty’s Jufticesof the Peace for the faid Borough, and they are hereby authorized and required, to nominate and appoint for each of the Nine Wards within the faid Parifh of Saint Margaret One fit and .proper Pcrfon being a lubllantial IloufcholJer within the Ward for which he fhall be l'o nominated and appointed ; and fuch Nine Perfons when fo nominated and appointed (hall continue to be Overfeers of the Poor of the fid Parifh, until Nine other Overfeers (hall be nominated and appointed in the Manner and at the Time by Law direfted, to fucceed them; and in Eajlcr Week or within One Month after Eajier in each and every Year, One fit and proper Perfon for each of the laid refpeftive Wards, being a fubftantial liouleholder in the Ward for which he (hall be nomirr-ated and appointed, (hall be nominated and appointed in the Manner by Law direfted, to be the Nine Overfeers of the Poor of the faid Parifh.

III.	And be it further enafted, That fuch Pcrfohs fo nominated and appointed Overfeers of the Ward tor the Time being, (hall be and they refpeftively are hereby declared to be inverted with all and every the Powers and Authorities, and (hall have and enjoy the fame Privileges, Exemptions, and Immunities, and (hall be fubjeft and liable to the fame Rules, Penalties, and Forfeitures (fave and except as may be herein or in the faid recited Aft excepted) as Overfeers of the Poor by the Laws made or to be made touching or concerning the Relief or Management or Employment of the Poor, or the Applicatioh of any Rates made for their Ufc or Maintenance, are or fhall be inverted with and have and enjoy and be fubjeft and liable to; and fuch Overfiers for the Time being are hereby declared within the fa d Parifh competent to do and perform all and every Aft and Afts which Overfeers of the Poor arc by Law enabled to do and perform, fave and except as may be herein excepted.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That fo much of the faid recited Aft as enables the faid Corporation, in their Courts or Affemblies, from Time to Time to fet down and aicertain what Weekly or Monthly or other Sums (hall be needful for the Employment of the Poor of the Workhoufc or Workhoufe?, House or Houles of Correftion, Hofpital or Hofphais withm the Care of the faid Corporation, lb that the fame did not exceed wha:

307

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

had been paid in the faid Borough and the Liberties thereof towards the Maintenance of the Poor thereof in any One of the then Three lafl Years, and which faid Sums fo to be fet down and afcertained Ihould be affefied, railed, and levied by the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor there for the Time being, Ihall be and the fame is hereby repealed and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

V.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Corporation, and they are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time and at all Times after the palling of this Act, and as often as Occafion Ihall require, at any Court or Courts, Affembly or Affcm-biies. Notice of fuch Court, AfTetr.bly or Aflemblits, and of the Purpofe thereof, having been fiTft given on the Sunday immediately preceedi.ng fuch Courts or Aficmblies reflectively, in the Parilh Church of Saint Margaret, immediately after Morning Service (which Notice the Clerk officiating in the faid Parilh Church is hereby required to read and give) to make One or more fuch General Rate or Rates, Affcffment or AffcfTments, as by the feveral Laws in Force and Effeft, Churchwardens and Ovetfeers of the Poor now are or fhall or may or could or might be enabled or empowered to make, as they ihe faid Corporation at fuch Court or Courts, Affembly or Affemblies, fhall judge and determine to be neceffary in and towards the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the faid Parilh, as well thofe inhabiting in the Lid Hofpital or Workhoufe, as of all the other Poor of the faid Parilh of Saint Margaret •, and alfo for enlarging, rebuilding, or repairing the laid Holpital or Workhoufe, and other Buddings thereunto belonging, and other the feveral Purpofes that are as well in the faid recited Aft and this Aft, as alfo in the feveral Laws in Force and Effeft touching and concerning the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor, or in anywife relating thereto, particularly mentioned, and for paying all fuch Sums of Money as by any Law in Force and Effect ate direfted to be paid out of anv Rate or Rates, AlLffement or Affeffments, made or to be made for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor, fo that all fuch Rates or Affeffementi fo to be made, when figned under the Common Seal of the faid Corporation, or by the Governor or Deputy Governor for the Time being to the faid Corporation, and allowed and confirmed by Two of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace in and for the faid Borough, and Notice thereof given on the Sunday next alter thrfame fhall have been fo allowed and confirmed in the Parifh Church cf Saint Margaret afore-faid after Morning Prayers, Ihall and may be coilefted and received by any Perfon or Perfons appointed or to be appointed to colleft and receive the fame by the faid Corporation, and all and every fuch Rate or Rates, Affeffement er Affeffments fo made, allowed, and confirmed, and Notice thereof given asaforefaid, fhall be deemed and taken to be as good, valid, and effeftual as if the fame had been afcertained and made by the Churchwardens and Ovetfeers of the Poor of the faid Parifh, any Law, Statute, or Ufage to rhe contrary notwithftanding, and no Rare or Rates, Affeff-ment or Affcfi'mcnts fhall be made for the Relief of the Poor of the laid Parilh other than and is or are by this Aft direfted, and all Monies anfing from furh Rates or Affeffments, together with all Arrears due upon former Rates or AffcfTments, fhall be applied and difpoled of towards the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the faid Parilh, as well thole inhabiting as not inhabiting the faid Hofpital or Workhoufe, and otherthe lcveral Purpofes cf the faid recited Aft and this Aft, and ether the Pur-

poles

Rates to be made.

3°8	a4&8	GEORG	II	III- Cap. 22.

pofee mentiojiedj an^J dtfcribed jn the feveral Laws in Force and Effeft touching or concerning the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor, or in any wile relating thfreto ; and for paying all fuch Sums of Money as by any Law iaFqrteantl Effeft are direfted ro be paid out of any Rate or Races, AifelTnyent or Affdfmencs made or to be.mytde for the Relief and Maintenance of the Ppor: Provided always, that, in cafe any Perfon or Perfons fhall think hjmfejf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved by any fuch Rate or Afieffment fo to be made as aforefaid, he, (be, or they fhall and may appeal therefrom in the Manner herein direfted.

bf vaiueV TI, ^nd for the more equal and better affiffing and levying of the faid o*te in Seven Rates; be ic further enafted, That the faid Corporation (hall and they • Years.	are hereby required Once at leaft in every Seven Years, to be computed

from the pAfing of this Aft, to value or to caufe to be valued, by fuch Ways and Means as to them (hall feem right and proper, and (hall be by them ordered and direfted at any fuch Court or Aficmbly, all and every the Houfcs, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and other the Property within the faid Parifli, fqbjeft and liable to be rated to any Rate or Afilffment for the Relief or the Maintenance of the Poor thereof,	f

^Co'ieftoi^ Yijr And be.it further enafted. That it fba|I and may be lawful to and for Clerks .mi ’ the faid Corporation at any Court or Afiembly. to cleft and appoint, under ether Officers. fuch Regulations as they (hall deem expedient, One or more Perfon or Perfons to be a Collector or Colleftorsof the Rates and Afleffments authorized to be m-dp, collefted, and levied by virtue, of this Aft, and to take fuch Security from all fuch Coljtftors fo elefted and appointed as the faid Corporation lhall think proper; For the due Execution of thetr Offices, and from Time to Time to remove fuch Collector, or Collcftors at. the Will and Pleafqre of them the faid Corporation, and out of fuel} Rates and Affcff-ments to be collefted and received by virtue of this Aft, to give fuch Salary or Allowance, to the faid Colleftors as to them the. faid Corporation (hall feem fit and proper for their Trouble in.the Colleftion, of (the Rates and Affcffments aforefaid ; and all and every Colleftor and Collectors of the feveral Rates, or AfLffments hereby ffirefted to be made, (hall at all Times when thereunto required by thq faid Corporation, make up and render unto the Lid Corporation at their Courts or AJfemblies rcfpqftively, a full, true, and perfeft Account in Writing, with all neceffarv Vouchers for the Confirmation thereof, of all Monies by them received rcljpcftively for or on account of the laid Rates or Afiefl’ments, or any of them, and fhall produce their refpeftiyc Rate Bocks, iu order that the faid Corporation may be latisfied as to the Sum or Sums of Money rated and addled, received and to be received, and may give fuch Directions refuefting the fame as they (hall think proper; and if any fuch Colleftor or Collcftors fhall refuie or negieft to make and render any fuch Account, or to produce ar.d deliver up the Vouchers relating to tqe fame, or .to make Payment of the Balance of all fuch Monies as fhall appear to be and remain in their Hands relpcftively by virtue of their refpeftive Offices, or (hall refufe or negieft to. deliver to the faid Corporation or to fuch PeiLaor Perfoos as they mall appoint to receive the fame, within Tqn Days next after being .thereunto required by the Lid Corporation by Notice in Writing giveo or lqft at the lalt or ufual Place of Abode of fuch Colleftor or Collcftors, all Books, Papers, andWritings in his or their Cuitody or Power relating to

■ the

4-8* G E O R G11 III. Cap.22.

the Executionof this Aft, or give Satisfaction to the faid Corporation refpeft-ing the fame, then and in every fuch Cafe upon Complaint made by the faid Corporation, or by fuch Perfon or Perfons as they (lull appoint for that Purpole, of any fuch Refufal or Negleft as aforefaid, to any Juftice of the Peace foi the County, City, Borough, or Place wherein fuch CoIIeftoi or Collectors lo refuting or ncglefting (hall be or rtflde, (uch Jufticc may and he is hereby authorized and tequired to iflue a Wanant under his Hand and Seal for the Perfon fo refufing or ncglefting to appear btfore him, and upon his or her appearing, or having been fummor.td and not appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and deteimine the Matter in a fum-mary Way, and if upon the Confeflion of the Party, or by the Tcfti-mony of any credible Witnefs or Witntffes upon Oath (which Oath fuch Jufticc is hereby empowered to adminiftrr) it (ball appear to fuch ' Juft:cc that any of the Monies that (hall have been colltfted or raife.i by virtue of this Aft fhall remain due from fuch Perfon, fuch Juftire may and he is hereby authorized and required upon Non-payment thertof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to caufe fuch Monies to be levied by Diftiefs and S.de of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Perfon, and if no Goods or Chattels of fuch Perfon can be found fufiicient to anfwrr and fatisfy the faid Money and the Charges of diftraining and felling the faid Goods and Chattels, or if it (hall appear to fuch Juftice that fuch Colltftor or Collectors (hall have refufed or neglcfted to render and give fuch Account, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books,

Papers, or Writings relating to the Execution of this Aft, fhall be in the Cuftody or Power of fuch Collector or Collectors, and he or they (hall have refufed or neglefted to deliver or give Satisfaction refpefting the fame as aforefaid, then and in each and every fuch Cafe, fuch Juftice (hall commit (uch Offender to the Common Gaol or Houfeof Correction for the County, City, Borough Or Place, where fuch Offender (hall be or Ttfide, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he or (he (hall give ami make a true and perfeft Account and Payment as aforefaid, or until he lhall compound with the faid Corporation for fuch Money, and ihall have paid fuch Cbmpofition in fuch Manner as they (hall appoinc (which Compufnion the faid Corporation are hereby empowered to make and rtceive) and until he fliall deliver up fuch Books and Writings, or give Satisfaction in refprft thereof to the faid Corporation: Provided always, that no tuch Collector fo committed for Want of fufficient Diftrcfs,

(hall be confined or detained in Prifon by virtue of this Aft for any longer Time than Six C lendar Months.

VIII.	And be it further enafted. That it fhall and may be lawful to and Co’leftcn for the Perfon or Perfons to be appointed by the faid Corporation as empowered Collector or Collectors of the faid Rates or Affeffments, and he and they t0 is and are herrby authorized and empowered to receive, levy, and colleft the lame, and the feveral Sums of Money arifing from fuch Rates cr Affefi-mt nts, together with all Arrears due upon former Rates' or Affrffmems allowed as aforefaid, ftrali and may be received, levied, and collected Quarterly or otherwife, ar the DifcreTori of the laid Corporation i and for the better enabling (uch Colleftor cr Collectors fo torective, levy, and collect ad fuch P.aies and Affeffmenrs, or any of them, it fhall and may be law:u: to and for fuch C.olltftcr cr Collectors to execute ail fuch Warrant1; or"fMlteis, as ft;all be granted from Time to Time by any Juftice or Juft let s of the Peace, irt the Manner herein direfted, againft [Ltc. isf Fir.']	4 I	any

310

How Rnt'

ate to heed on Rc-fufal.

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 22.

any Pcrfon or Perfons negLCling or refilling to pay fuch Rates or AiriT-mefits, or any of them, in the lame Mrnner and as folly and elfeflually to.tlll Intents and PurpufeS, as Ovtriee.s of the Poor by any Law or Laws m Forte and LfftCt tan or may execute the fame.

IX.	And for the better and more effectual railing and levying of the feyeral Rates and AIRlTments by this A Cl dirrCt d to be made ; be it further enaCled, That in cafe any Landlord or Occupier, or any Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, LdTee or Leffecs of any Land, Ground, Dwelling Houle, Shop, Warehoufe, Coach-houfe, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building, Tentmcnt, or Hereditament, within the laid Parilh, hereir.-before made Lab e to pay any Rate or AlfilTment to be matte, laid, and afielled by virtue of this Auf, fhall refule or nededt to pay rhe Money rated and aficlTed upon him, her, or them rcfpcClively, and all Arrears due thereon, or upon any former Rate or Rates, it lhall and'may be lawful to and for any Two or more of His M.ijelly’s Jufl'ces .of the Peace for the (aid Borough, One whereof fh 11 be the Mayor for the Time being or his Deputy, and they are hereby author zed and required to lummon, by Wriiing under their Hands, all and ev:ry Peifon and Perfor.s who (hall have refilled or neghfted as aforefaid (upon Oath being made before them by the ColIcCt >r or Collectors appointed by the faid Corporation as aforefaid lor the l ime being, of his or their having attended upon or at the Dwelling Houfe or laft Place of Abode of all and every Perron or Perfons then intended to be fummoned, and having demanded the Rate or Rates, Afiiffment or Aflcffments, and of the Neglett or Rtfufal of luch Pcrfon or Perfons having refilled or negleCtcd to pay the faid Rate or Ratts, and of his having made Report of fuch Arrears to the faid Corporation at any of their Cour s or Afiemblies, and received their DirtCtions for fummoning fuch Pcrfon or Perfons refuSng or neglecting t > pay the Monies rated andallclfcd upon him, her, or them rcl-pedtitely) to appear before fuch Juftices at a Time and Place to be mentioned in fuih Summons, and it lhall and may be lawful to and for the ColleCtor or Collectors appointed or to be appointed by the faid Corpora-tion, or for any of the Cunftables cr Beadles of the faid Parilh, to ferve all and every fuch Summons and Summonfes upon all and every Pcrfon and Perfons fo refuftng or negleCting to pay as afotefaid, either, by delivering the fame to the Peifon or Perfons thereby intended to be lumrnoned, or leaving the fame at his, her, or their lall or ufual Place or Platts of Abode, or-at the Premifes for which the Rate or Rates, Aflcflment or Afllffments, mentioned in fuch Summons lhall remain due and owing; and if any Perfon or Perfons fo fummoned, (ball refufe or nrgleCt to attend at the Time and Place mentioned in fuch Summons, or if he, (he, or they (hall at-tendand lhall Hot Ihewgood and fufficientCauferofuch Ju(l.cestliathe,(he,or they is or are r.ot chargeable with fuch Rate or Rates, Aflcffmtnt or AflifT-ments, then and in every fuch Cafe all and every Pcrfon and Perfons who lhall have been fo fummoned, lhall pay the nafonable Cofts and Charges of fuch Summons, and in all Cafes where the faid Rate or Rates, AffelT-mentor AITcfifnems, or any of them, lhall not be paid upon the Return of fuch Summons it lhall and may be lawful to and for the Jufliccs who lhall have iffued fuch Summons or Summonles as alorclaid, and they are hereby authorized and required upon Oath made before them of the due Service of fuch Summons or Summonfes by the Party who (hall have lerved the fame, to grant a Warrant or Wairants under their Hands and

Seals,

4-8® GEORGII III. Cap. 22.	311

S- aU, authorizing or directing the faid Collector or Col!eftjr?j or any Con-ftable or BeatBe of the faid Parilh, to Collett or levy all and every luch Rate or Rates, Affilfment or Alfeffments, and all Arrears thereof, and the Cofts and Charges of the Summons (if the fame lhall not have been before paid, and the Colts, Charges, and Expences of fuch Warrant and ofexecoting the fame, by Dillrefs of the Goods anti Chattels of the Party fo negleft-ing. or refilling; and if within Four Days next after any fuch Diltrefs fhall be made, the faid Rate or Rates, AIT ITment or A If Aments, with all Amars due thereon, lhall not be paid together with the realonable Charges of the laid Summons (if fuchSummors lhall nothave been before paid for )and Warrant and of making foch Dillrefs and keeping fuch Goods and Chattels, the laid Collcftoror Colltftors, Confiable or Conftables,

Beat'lc or Beadles, (hall cau!e the faid Goods to beappraifedby One or more Appraiser or Apprailers, and to be lold, or fuch Part or Parts thereof as lhall be lufficirnt to pay the laid Rate or Rates, Alfelfment or Alfelfments, together with all Arrears due thereon, and the realonable Cod', Charges, ana Expences aforefaid, and the Cofls, Charges, and Expences ot apprai-firg and (tiling the fame, returning the Overplus (it any) to the Owner orUwners of luch Goods and Chattels rrljptftively, upon Demand tbeteof made by him, her, or them.

X.	And be it further enabled, That every Warrant of Dillrefs for Form of War-Non-payment of.any Rate or Alfelfment to be made by virtue of this Aft, raiitofDiitrei* lhall be in the Words or to the Effect following:	ment J!r! tc»,

St c,

“ To the Churchwardens, Overfeers and Colleftors of the Poor “ Rates rri the Parilh of Saint Margaret, in the Borough of “ Kingt Lynn, and to all Conftables and other Peace Officers for “ the fame Parilh.

*	VS^HEREAS *be undermentioned Perfons now or late Inhabitants,

*	Holders, Landlords, Tenants, Occupiers, or Enjovrrs of Lands,

*	Houles, Shops, Warehrufs, Coach-houfes, Stables, Cellars, Vaults,

‘ or other Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Part of fome

*	Building or Tenement within the faid Parilh of Saint Margaret,

‘ were and are truly rated and alfelfed or liable to the Rate or Rate*

*	duly made for the Purpofe of an Ail made in the Forty-eighth Year

*	of the Reign of King George theThiid, intituled, [fetforth the Title

*	of the AH']: And whereas the faid Perfons have rrfufed or neg-‘ lefted to pay the feveral Sums of Money at and againII their Names ‘ hereunder refpeftively fet down, for Money due from them for or ‘ towards the Purpofes in the faid Aft mentioned, and the faid feveral

*	Sum and Sums are (1,11 remaining due, in Arrears and unpaid, as ap-

*	pearnh upon Oath to us Two of His M.ijefty’s Juffices of the Peace 1 for the laid Borough, and the faid leveral Perfons having been fum-

*	moned to appear before us	to	anfwer	the Pre-

*	miffs, as alfo appeareth to us	<	the	Lid	Jurtices	upon

*	Oath, that	nor	either of Lhem having (hewn any fufficient

‘ Caufe why fuch Sum or Sums of Moqey Ihould not be paid : Thcfe

*	are therefore in His Majcfly’s Name to will and require you or either

*	of you forthwith to levy the laid leveral Sums due from the faid Perfons,

*	and hereunder joined to or let againft their Names refpeftivcly, by.

' Dili refs and Sale of their refpeftlve Goqds and Chattels (fuch Goods ‘ and Chattels being kept for the Space of Four Days before the fame

*	are fold,) tendering to them re'peftively, on Demand, the Overplus

•	•	‘ (ff •

312	48*	GEORGII	III.	Cap.	22

*	(if any be) the reafonable Charges of fuch Diftrefs, Sale and Keeping,

*	being firft dedufted ; and if no fufficient Diltrefs can be had or taken, ‘ that then you certify the fame to us* to the End fuch further Proceed-

*	mgs may be had therein as to the Law doth appertain; and we do here-' by ftritfUy charge and command all and Angular the Conftables and other

*	His Ma eftv’s Peace Officers for the faid Borough, to be aiding and affift-‘ ing in all Things relating to the Premifes. Given under Our Hands

and Seals this

Day of

in the Year of our Lord

A. B. C. D.

E. F. The Landlord for divided G. H.

Sums due.

jT.

How Rites

XI.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons m»j becoiieft. lhall remove out or from or quit the Pofleffion of any Hogfe, Shop, Build-^/removin* 'nS» Tenement, or other Premifes, before fuch Rate or Kates, Allcffinent ie> reimoniig. ^ Afleffments charged thereon refpeflivcly (hall be paid and dtichargtd, or if any Perfon or Perfons (hall enter into the Occupation of any Houle, Shop, Building, Tenement, or other Premifes in the faid Patifli, out of or from which any other Perfon or Perfons (hall have fo removed before fuch Rate or Rates, Affiffment or Affefiments, (hall have been pa d and difeharged, then and in every fuch Cafe the Perfon or Perfons fo removing out of or from or quitting the Pofleffion of, and the Perfon or Perfons enuring into the Occupation of any fuch Houfe, Shop, Building, Tenement, or other Premifes, {ha(l be refpe&ively fubjedt and liable to tbe Payment of all fuch Rates and Afleffments in proportion to the Time that fuch Perfons refpe&ively poflefled or occupied the fame, in the fame Manner as if the Perlon or Perfons fo removing or quitting as aforelaid had remained in the Pofleffion or Occupation of fuch Houfe, Shop, Building, Tenement, or other Premifes, or the Perfon or Perfons lo entering info the Pofleffion or Occupation thereof refpedtively had been originally rated and afleffed to fuch Rates or Afleffments, or any of them; and fuch Proportion (hall be afeertained by the faid Corporation at any Court or Affemhly ; and in cafe of any Dilpute refpefbng the Amount or Proportion thereof, the fame (hail be fettled by any Two or more of His Majcfty’s Joffices of the Peace for the laid Borough.

Actions mny XII. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful to he brought for and for the faid Corporation, if they (hall think expedient, to bring or Ratc*-	caufe to be brought any Aftion or Aftior.s of Debt, or on the Cafe for

any of fuch Rates and Affcffncnt', and in fuch Aftion or A&ions to declare generally that rhe Defendant or Defendants is or are indebted to the faid Corporation in the Sum or Sums of Money claimed to be due for any (itch Rates or Afleffments as aforefa'd, without any further oroiher particular Statement, and in every fuch Action the Defendant or Defendants may be held to Special Bail, on the Affidavit or Affidavits of the Colleftor 01 Collectors of fuch Rates or Afleffments for the Time being, that the Sum or Sums claimed dothor do amount to the Sum of Ten Pounds or upwards, and is or are unpaid; and in calc the faid Corporation (halt

48#.GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

iii arty fuch Aftidn or Actions recover the Sum or Sums declared for, or any Part thereof, they (hall havr and recover fud Cods, to be levied and recovered as other Monies upon Judgements may now by Law be levied and recovered; and in fuch Aftion or Actions no Eflbign, proteftion, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance (hall be allowed.

XIII.	And be it further enafted; That where any Mrfluagc, Houfe,

Tenement, or other Premifes', within the f id Parifh of Saint Margaret,

(hall be let intq feparate Tenements, or into.feparate Rooms or Apartments, or where any Mcffuage, Houle, Tenement or Building, with the Yards and Gardens thereto; belonging, or any other Property within the faidParith of Saint Margaret, (hall be jet at an annual Rene not exceeding Eight Pounds, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Lid Corporation in each and every fuch Cafe to rate or affefs the Landlord or Owner with the whole Rate or AlFrffment under this Aft, and the Landlord or Owner (hall in each and every fuch Cafe be charged with and hfble.to, pay the whole Rate or AlMment accordingly; but it (hall and may be lawful to and tor every fuch Landlord or Owner to recover of his or her refpedive Tenant every iuch Rate or Affeffment as Renr, and by the fame Means as he or -(he (hall or may be enabled to recover his or her Rent or re,-fpetSive Rents.'i i r i ••m. . • . ,r ■,> Jt if • (

XIV. And be it further enacted. That where any . Mcffuage, Hoyfe, Perfonsiet-Tenement, or other Preirufes within the (aid Pari(h of Saint Margaret

(hall be let into ready; furnifhed.Lodgings the Landlord or Owner ,cf njihed Lod-every fuch Mcffuage, Houfe, Tenement, or other Premifes, (hall for the Purpoles of this Aft be deemed aii|J, taken to be the Occupief .thereof, Oecuoiersfor and fhall be rated to-and pay the feverai; Hates and Affeffments made by virtue of this Aft.

XV.	Provided always, and be it furrier enacted. That, the Goods and ftaefoodrof Chattels of ail and every Pet fm or Perfdns renting or occupying any lucn occupiers Meffuage, Houfe, Tenement* or other Premiies, or any Part or Parts ^amedfof thereof, the Rate or Rates, Afftffmenc or Affeffments whereof the Land- Rates.

lord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, is and are hereby made liable and fub-jeft to as aforefaid, (hall be liable at.all Times to bediftramed and fold for Payment of fo much of the laid Rates or Affeffments, and of all Arrears thereof, as became due upon the faid Premifes during the Time of tus, her, or their Occupancy only; bur no fuch Occupier or Occupiers (hall at any Time be required to pay or be iubjeft or liable to pay any greater Sum for or towards the Dilcharge of the faid Rates or Aff-ff nents, or any of them and Arrears thereof,' than the Amounc of the Rent aftually due and payable by fuch Occupier or Occupiers to the Landlord or Landlords,

Owner or Owners, of ihe Premifes fo occupied by him, her, or them :

Provided alfo, that each and every Occupier of any Turn idled Lodging who fhall pav any fuch Rate or Kates, Affeffment or Affeffments, or any Arrears thereof, or upon whom, the fame (hall be levied, (hall and.may from Time to l ime deduft the fame from the Rent due and payable from him, her, or them to the refpedive Landloids or Owners of the Premifes (unlefs there (hall be fome Agreement to the contrary between the Landlord or Tenant), and the Receipt for luch Payment (hall be a lufficient Difchatge to fin h Otcup’sr or Octupi.rs, and.to his, her, or their Land-|. rd or Landlords, for fomurh Money as he, (he, or they, (hall pay in the Ma nrr Oirefted by this Aft: Provided alio, That no fuch Tenant or [Lee. £3* Ftr.]	4 K	Occupier,

For the belter recovering Rate* on H* ufes let at fmall Rents.

m	48°	GEORdll	HI.	Cap.	ii.

Occupier, by Payment of any fuch Rate or Rates, Afleffment or Affeff-ments, in Manner aforefaid, (hall be deemed to acquire any Settlement in the faid Pariih, but in every foch Cafe the Landlord or Owner of the Pre-' mifes fhall be deemed and conftrucd to have paid the fame, any Lawr Statute, or Ufage, to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

Hou*es unoc- XVI. Provided always, arid^e it further enacted. That no Perfon or rateiDl"0t Pcrlons (hall be liable to pay any Rate or Afleffment to be made under the Authority of this Aft, for or in refpect of any Mcffuage, Houfe, or other Building, or of any Land which (hall be unoccupied during the Whole of the Qjartcr ot a Year, in or which the Quarterly Portion of Rate or Afleffment demanded (hall have become or accrued due.

Books may he XVII. And be it further enacted. That all and every fuch Rate or infyeited, &c. Rates> AflefflltnC or Affcffments, and all Books of Accounts concerning the Receipts, Payments, and Di(burfcmems, (hall from Time to Time, and at all convenient Times, upon Application being made to the Regiftrar or Clerk to the faid Corporation, be open to the Infpeftion and Pemfal of any Perfon or Perfons paying to fuch Rate or Rates, Afleffment or Affcffments; and that the Regiftrar or Clerk for the Time being to the faid Corporation (hall, at the Rtqueft of any Peifon or Fcrions paying to fuch Rates or Affcffments as aforefaid, make or caufe to be made a Copy or Copies of the Lid Rates or Affeffments, or any Part of them, within a rcafonable Time after demanded, fuch Perfon or Perfons paying fuch a Sum of Money for the fame as by Law now provided.

Corporation XVIlf. And be it further enafted, That the faid Corporation (hall and dial 1 prii’t and they are hereby required once in every Year to print and publilh, or Accounts6 r caule to be printed and publifhed, at lead Two hundred Copies of the annually. Account of all Receipts and Difburfements, Debts and Credits of the faid Corporation, and to give One Copy to the feveral Members of the faid Corporation, and the Refidue thereof (hall be diftnbuted amongft the ftveral Perfons paying to fuch Rate or Rates, Afleffment or Affcffments, as aforefaid, applying for the fame.

power for XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Perfon (hall in any Action, Proftcution, Information, Caufe, or Proceeding whatfoerer relating to or ntifcs," "" concerning the Execution of the faid recited Aft and this Aft, or either of them, be deemed incompetent to give Evidence therein by reafon of his or her being rated to and liable to pay any Rate or Afleffment made in purluance of this Aft.

Power to bor. XX. And be it further enafted. That in cafe it lhall appear to the faid row Money. Corporation at any Court or Affembly, that ic (hall be neceffary for the feveral Purpofes of the faid recited Aft and this Aft, or either of them, to take up any Sum or Sums of Money by Loan, over and above any fuch Rates or Affcffments to be made and levied as aforefaid, then and in every fuch Calc it lhall and may be lawful to and for any Fifteen nr more of the faid Guardians, at any Court or Affembly, from Time to Time to borrow and take up at Intereft fuch Sum or Sums of Money, as they (full judge neceffary, for fuch Purpofes, upon the Credit of the faid Rates or Affcffments to be made, levied, and collefted by virtue of this Aft, fo that the whole Sum due and owing on the Crtdit of the laid Rates or Affcffments at any One Time (hall not exceed One thoufand Pounds, 5-,	and

3*5

48* GE O RG11 Hi. Cap. 2 2.

and by Writing under the Seal of the faid Corporation, to aflign all o- any Part of the faid Rates or Aflefimencs to fuch Perfon or Perfons a>- (hall lend or advance any Money thereon, not exceeding the Sum of One thoufand Pounds, or to his, her, or their Truftee or Truftets as a Secu-rity for the Principal Money to be advanced, with legal Intercft for the fame, and the Charge* and Expences of fuch Affignment thereof ( o be made as hereafter mentioned) (h ill be fro®) Time to Time defrayed by ihe faid Corporation out of the Monies fo borrowed, and every fuch Alignment (hail be in the Words or to theEffeft following:

« Y^TE the Guardians of the Poor of the Borough of King's Lynn in the

*	County of Norfolk, and within the Liberties of the fame Bor'ugh,

*	by or in purluanccof an Aft of Parliament, paffcd in the Forty-eighth Year

*	of the Reign of Km & George the Third, intituled, [here Jet forth tb* « Title of this //<7] in consideration of the Sum of

*	advanced and lent by A. B. upon the Credit and for the Purpofts of the « faid Aft, do htreby grant and affign unto the faid A. B. for to his Truftee « or Truftees, as the Cafe may require) his Executors, Admimftrators, and « Afligns, fuch Proportion of the Rates or Aflcflments to be raifed, levied, « and collefted by virtue of the faid Aft, as the faid Sum of

*	doth or (hall bear to the whole Sum which may at any Time be borrowed

<	or become due and owing, or be charged upon the Credit of the faid « Rates or A(T Aments, to be had and holden from this

<	Day of	until	the laid Sum of	with

, Intercft at	per	Centum	per Annum for the fame (hall be

, repaid and fatisfied. Given under our Common Seal the

*	Day of	in	the	Year

And every fuch Security (hall be good, valid, and effectual, and (hall entitle the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame (hall be made, his, her or their Executors, Adminiflrators, and Afligns, to the Payment thereof, and to all Profit and Advantage thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft.

XXI.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Perfons entitled to any of the faid Securities, and their re-fpeftive Executors, Admir.ftrators, or Afligns, ac any Time by Writing under their Hands and Seals to transfer fuch Securities to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, and every fuch Transfer may be in the Words or to the Effeft following:

‘ T A. B.being entitled to the Sum of	by	virtue of an Aflign-

*	A ment bearing Date the	Day	of

*	under the Seal of the Guardians of the Poor of the Borough of King’s

*	Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, and within the Liberties of the (aid

*	Borough, upon the Credit ot the Rates or Affeffments, do hereby

*	transfer all my Right and Title in and to the fame Sum, and all I.itercftg

*	and other Money now due and aiifing thereon, unto E. F. his Execu-

*	tors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns. Dated the Day of

And a Copy of every Security or Affignment which (hall be made in pur* fuance of this Aft, and an Exjraft or Memorial of every Transfer thereof refpeftively, (hall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpofe by the kegiftrar or Clerk to the faid Corporation, which Excraft or Memorial (hall fpecify and contain the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money thereby transferred, to which Book any Perfon intcrcfted (hall

9	Jit

Power of tran ferring Aflignnents and Annuities in a pieftribed Form

316	48* GEORGII III. Cap.it.  at all feafonable Times have Accefs, and {hall have free Liberty to infpeft the lame without Fee or Reward •, and for the entering of every fuch Iransfer the laid Regiftrar orClerk lhall be paid by the Perfon to whom luch Transfer fhall be made, the Sum of Three Shillings and no more; and every fuch Transfer, after Entry thereof as aforelaid, fhall entitle the Perfon to whom the Transfer fhall be made, and his or her Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns, to the Benefit of the Security .thereby transferred. ' . t - ) . '
Application or M nty borrowed.	. ',.!■» \ .,' 0 J ’ >. . 1 * .• -■ XXII. And be it further enafted, That all the Money which may be borrowed, advanced, or lent as atorefaid on the Credit of the faid Kates or AilefTments, fti-.ll be paid to the Treafurer for the Time being to the fjyd Corporation, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they fhall appoinc, 2nd the, fame fhall be applied and dilpofed of in paying- and defraying the Cells, Charges, and Expcnces of obtaining and palling this Aft, and far other the Purpofes of this Aft, and for no other Ufe, Intent, or Purpofe whatsoever.
Appeal,	XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, Thatifany Perfon 01 Perl ns Ihall th-k himfelf, herfelf, or themfclves aggrieved bv any Rate or R nes, AlEfTnent or Affeflmems, made by virtue of this Aft, or by any Order, Judgement, or Determination of the faid Corporation, or by anv other Matter or T> ing done or direfted to be dime or committed by or by Order of the laid Corporation, fuch Perfon or Perfons may appeal to the laid Corporation at any Court or Afltmbly to be holdeii within Three Calendar Months next after the Caufe ot Complaint fhall have arifen, or any Ma ter or Thing done or committed' by orbyOidef of the faid Corporation, and the laid Guardians at luch Court or Aficm-bly, or any Fifteen or more of them, are hereby authorized and empoweied, if they (hall think fuch Perfons aggrieved, to give fuch Relief in :he Premifes as to them lhali ieem fit and neceffary, and if any fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall not be futisfied with the Determination of the faid Guardians, or if any Perfon or Perfons lhall think himfelf, herfelf, or therr-felvcs, aggrieved by reafon of any Judgement, Order, or Determination, of any Jultice or Juftices of the Peace afting in the Execution of this Aft, then and in every luch Cafe he, fhe, or they may appeal ro the G neril Quarter S. (lions of the Peace to be holden for the faid Borough, within Four Calendar Months next after fuch Determination of the laid Guardians, or any Fifteen or more of them, or after the Caule oi Compfaint lhall have arifen, luch Appellant or Appellants firft giving or caufing to be given. Ten Days Notice at ieaft in Writing of his, her, or their Intention to bring fuch Appeal and of the Matter thereof to the Regiftrar or Clerk to the faid Corporation, and within Three Days next after fuch Notice entering into a Recognizance with fuftkient Sureties, in iheSum ofThirty Pounds before fome Juftice of the Peace for the faid Borough, conditioned for prufecuting luch Appeal, and to abide the Order thereon, and to pay fuch Coils as lhall be awarded by the Juftices at fuch General Charter Seffions, and the faid Juftices at fuch General Quarter Stflians, upon due Proof of fuch Notice given as aforelaid and of entering into fuch Recognizance, (hall hear and determine the Caules and Matters of fuch Appeal in a fummary Way, and award fuch Cofts to the Parties appealing or appealed againftas they the faid Juftices (hall think proper, and the f.tid Juftices may if they feecaufe order any Money to be returned which fhall have been levied in pur Chance of fuch Judgement or Determination-, add may alfo order and award luch further bitisfafti.n to be made to the Party injured as they lhall think rcafonable.

XXIV. Provided

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 22.	317

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That on Appeal from ihefaid Rates or Affefi'ments or any of them to be made for the Purpofcs of this Aft, the Juftices at foch General Quarter Sellions (hall and may , amend the fame in fuch Manner as may be neceffary for giving Relief ^ho'^Aflerr. without qualhing or altoing luch Rates or Afieffmencs with refpeft to meat, other Pt rions mentioned in the fame, but if upon Appeal trom the whole

Rate or A(Teflme.it it (hall be found necefTary to fet afide the fame, then and in fuch Cafe the laid Juftires (hall and may order a new Rate or Affcffmtm to be made in the Manner herein dircftcd.

XXV. And be it further enaftea. That where any Diflrefs (hall be Diftrefi not made for any Sum of M >ney to be levied by virtue of this Aft, the ^l*"f“lffor Diflrefs iti'elf (hall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties ma* Form merely, king the fame be deemed a Trclpiffer or Trefpaflcrs, on account of any

Deffft or Want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviftion,

Want of Diflrefs, or other Proceeding relating thereto, nor (hall the

Party or Parties diftraining be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaflcrs ab initio

on account of any Irregularity which fh ill be afterwards done by the Party

or Parties fo diftraining, but the Pcrfon'or Perlons aggrieved by fuch

Irregularity (hall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage

in an Affirm upon the Cafe: Provided always, That no Plaintiff or

Plaintiff' (hill recover in any Aftion to be commenced againft any Per.

fon or Perlons for any Thing done in pcrfuance of this Aft, unlefs Notice pontiff not

in Writing (hali have been given to the Regiftrar or Clerk to the faid to recover

Corporation, or left at his lafl or ufual Place of Abode, Ten Days before ^el'or after

fuch Aftion (hall be commenced, of luch intended Aftion, figned by the Tender of

Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's, fpecifying the Caufe of fuch Aftion, Amenj!‘

nor (hall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in luch Aftion, if Tender of fuffi-

cient Amends (hall have been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or

their Attorney, by or on behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before

luch Aftion brought ; and in cafe no luch Tender (hall have been made,

it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any

fuch Aftion, bv Leave of the Couft where furh Aftion (hall depend at any

Time beloie Iflur joined, to pay into Court fuch Sum of Money as he,

(he, or they fhall think (it, whereupon fuch Proceedings, Order, and Judgement (hall be had, made, and given, in and by fuch Court, as in other Aftions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XXVI.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That no Aftion or Suit Limitation fliall be brought, commenced, or profecuted againft any Perlon or Per- of Action*, lbns for any Thing done or to be done by virtue or in purfuancc of this Aft, after Three Calendar Months next after the Faft committed, or the Caufe of fuch Aftion (hall have arifen ; and every fuch Action (hall be brought and laid in the County of Noi/olk, and not elfcwhere; anJ the Defendant or Defendants in every fuch Aftion or Suit (hall and may plead at hi', her, or their El aftion fpecially or the General lffue, and give this Aft and the fpecial Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance or by the Authority of this Aftj and if upon the Trial of fuch Aftion or Suit it (hall appear to have been fo done, or ihat fuch Aftion or Suit lhall have bren brought before the Expiration of Fourteen Davs nrxc after luch Notice fliall have been given as aforefaid, or afrer a fufficient Satisfaftion made or tendered as afore-[Lsc. is5 Per.]	4	L	faid.

3 i8	48*	GEORGII III. Gap. 32.

faid, or af(er the Time limited for bringing the fame as aforefaid, or be brought or laid in any other County than as aforefaid, then and in every of the faid Cafes the Jury {hall find a Vcrdift for tre Defendant or Defendants; and in all Cafes where a Verdict lhali be found for any Defendant or Defendants in fuch Action or Suit, or he Plaintiff or Plaintiffs theiein fliall difrontinue the fame after ihc Defend' t or Defendants (ball have appeared thereto, or (hall be nor.fuited, or if upon Demurrer, Judgement (hall be given auainft (urh Plaintiff 01 Plaintiffs, then and in every fuch Cafe the Defendant or Defendants (ball recover full Coifs, and have luch and the like Remedy for recovering the fame as any Difendant or Defendants hath or have for recovering Colts of Suit in any other Cafes by Law.

foi°mer°Aftsf XXVII. And be it further enafted, That the faid recited Act, and all extended to other Acts nnw in force for ievying and collecting the Rates for the Relief of this Aft. the puor within that Part of the- United Kingdom called England, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Keftriftions, Indemnities, Prot ctions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things therein refptft-ively contained, lave and except luch Parts thereof as ate varied, altered, or repealed by this Aft, or by an Aft made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Hs prelent Majelty, intituled, An AH for paving, deanfing, lighting, watching, and improving the Borough nf King’s Lynn, m the County 0/Norfolk ; and for removing Nuifances and Annoyances therein; and for holding the Saturday ar.d BeaJIMarkcts within more convenient Parts f the fain I'-1' '	Borough,	(hall be as good, valid, and cffeftual lor carrying thu Aft into

Execution, to all Intents and Purpofes w.fiaifoever, as if the lame had been particularly repeated and re-enafted in the Body of this prefent Aft.

. ,	XXVIII.	Provided	always,	and	be	it	enafted,	That nothing in the

.Art rot fo ex-	*	.	n	.	n

tend to South faid recited Aft or this Act contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to ex-Ly.in Ail tend, to the Parilh cf South Lynn othtrwile All Saints within the faid

Saints.	n	u

Borough.

XXIX.	And be it further enafted. That all the Cods, Chargts, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and palling of this Act, (hall be paid by the Treafurerfor the Time being to the laid Corporation out of the Monies already collected or received and paid into his Hands, or to be collcfted and received by him by virtue of this Aft, in preference to ali other Payments whatfoever.

XXX.	And he it further enafted, That this Act (hall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Aft, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as (uch by ail judges, Juftices, and others, without being Ipeciaily pleaded.

For payin? Iixpencts of Act.

Publick Act

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majeily. 1808.

•

GEORGII III. REGIS.

******************************************************

Cap. 23.

An Adi for amending and rendering more effedlual an Adi, pafled in the Thirteenth Year of His pi'efent Majefty, for draining and preferving certain Lands and Grounds in the Pari flies of Tid Saint Giles and Newton, in the Ifle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge., and in Tid Saint Mary's, in the County of Lincoln; and for adding thereto certain other Lands in Tid Saint Mary's aforefaid, lying contiguous to the Lands defcribed in the faid Adi.

[14th April 1808.]

HEREAS an Aft was pafled in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His Majefty King George the Third, intituled. An 13 G. 3. c. 60. Afl for draining and preferving certain Lands and Grounds in the Parijhes of Tid Saint Giles and Newton, in the IJle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and in Tid Saint Mary’s, in the County of Lincoln, where-by certain Commiflioners were appointed for putting the fame in Execution ; and the faid Commiflioners were empowered to aflefs, rate, tax, and charge all and Angular the Lands and Grounds in the Diftrift therein particularly defcribed, with a yearly Sum per Acre, until all the Money which (hould be borrowed for the Purpofes of the faid Aft, with the Inte-[Loc. & Per.]	4 M	reft

322

Fer adding certain Lands in Tid Saint Mary s Fen to the Diftrict

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

re4 Hereof ftiould be difcharged : And whereas the laid Commiflioners have made feveral Cuts, Drains and Outltts, and erefted feveral Engines and made feveral Banks, and done other Wor)<s, in, through, and upon the faid Lands and Grounds, for draining and improving the lame, and have affefied the faid Lands and Grounds with the feveral Rates and Taxes authorized by the faid recited Aft: And whereas for the Purpofe of making and preftrving the faid Works of Drainage, the laid Commiflioners have borrowed feveral Sums of Money upon the Security of the Rates and Taxes chargeable upon the faid Lands and Grounds,and have afligned over the faid Rates and Taxes for fecuring the Monies fo borrowed, with the Intercft there--reof; rndhave alfo borrowed a furtherSumof Five hund'ed Pounds upon their own perfonal Security, and have expended the fame in difeharging Debts in-curred for Works done in the Execution of the faid recited Aft, and the fame now remains unpaid i and a confiderable Debt is alfo due upon the Alignment of the faid Rates and Taxes, and otherwife on account of the faid Lands and Grounds : And whereas the faid Lands and Grounds might be more effeftually drained and improved; but the Hates and Taxes authorized to be railed by the faid Aft have been found iofufficient for the Payment ol the Intereft of the Monies already borrowed, and for maintaining and keeping in Repair the prefent Works ; and the Powers given to the laid Commiflioners are alfo found to be infufficient for the effeftual Drainage and Improvement of the faid Lands and Grounds, and it is therefore nectflary to repeal certain Parts of the laid Aft, and to make fome Alterations and Amendments in other Parts thereof, and to lay additional Taxes on the faid Lands and Grounds, in order to raile Money to anlwcr the faid Purpol'es : And whereas certain Lands and Grounds, forming a Farm called The Hundred Here Farm, in Tid Saint Mary's aforefaid, containing by Admeafurement One hundred and twenty-eight Acres and Thirteen Perches, and now the Property of his Grace the mod noble Edward Adolphus Duke of Scmerfet, have derived confiderab'e Benefit from the Works of Drainage made under the faid recited Aft, and may alfo be further improved by being put under the Management of the faid Com-millioners, and conGdered Part of the Lands to be drained under the faid recited Aft; and the faid Duke is defirous that the fame fhould be fo con-fidered, and is willing that the fame fliouid be taxed in the fame Proportion as the other Lands adjoining thereto-, may it therefore pleafe Your Majefty, that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s moft Excellent fvlajcfty, by and with the Advice and Cob lent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That fo much of the faid recited Aft as relates to the Times and Places of Meetings of the Commiflioners, and to the Number of Commiflioners requifite to put the faid Aft in Execution, and as relates to the Payment of the Expences of the faid Commiflioners on account of their Attendance at any of their Meetings, and alio as relates to the collefting and recovering of the Rates and Taxes, and alfo as telates to the Exemption of any Security or Proceedings under the faidAft from Stamp Duties, fliall be .nd the fame is and are here reptaled.

II.	And be it further enafted, That all and every the faid Lands and Grounds called The Hundred Acre Farm herein-before mentioned, lhall be and are hereby deemed and taken as Part and Parcel of, and lhall be added to the Diftrift of Land to be drained under and by virtue of the faid recited Aft, and fliall for ever hereafter be tak-. n to be Part of the lame, and 6	(hall

48® GEORGII III. Cap. SJ*	323

(hall be fubjeft to the fame Powers and Provifions, and in every Helped be put as much as may be on the fame Footing with the other taxable Lands which lie in Tid Saint Mary's Fen, on the Welt Side of Shofftndikt Bank, directed to be drained under the faid recited Aft, and (ball enjoy evety Advantage of Drainage therewith, and be charged with the fame Taxes in the fame Manner as if luch Lands and Grounds fo by this Aft: added to the faid Diftrift as aforeiaid, had been a Part thereof, and incorporated and taxed with the othtr Lands therein at the Time of obtaining the faid Aft (except as to fo much 3nd fuch Part and Parts of the faid recited Aft as are or (hall, in and by this Aft be varied, altered, or repealed.)

III.	And be it iurther enafted, That the Comn.iflioners afting under Commitlion-the faid recited Aft, and their Sicctffors, to be el.-ftcd in the Manner di-

refted by the faid recited Aft, together with fuch Petfin and Perfons as is, are, or (hall at any Time hereafter be or become poffefleJ of Fifty Acres at the lead (Statute Meafure) of the Lands and Grounds fuujeft or liable to be taxed, rated, or addled under or by vutue of the laid recited Acl and this Aft, and all and every Perton or Perfons afting as a Truftee or Truftees for Infants or other incapacitated Perfons, lo poflcHing Fifty Acres (Statute Meafure) of the laid Lmds or Grounds, it all be and they are hereby appointed CommilTioners for executing the Powers and Provifions of the faid recited Aft and this Aft ; and the (tveral Perfons hereby empowered to aft as Commiflinners tn the Execution of the faid recited Aft and this Aft.fball have the fame Powers Authorities, and Privileges, in all Ref-peft-, for executing the faid rrcited Aft and this Aft, as if d»ey had been originally appointed Comm ffi >ners by the faid recited Aft : Provided always, That no more than One Truftee fhall be capable ot afting in refpeft of one and the fame Prop r:y.	1	......

IV.	And be it further enafted. That if any Perfonor Perfons not being Penalty on qualified by lome one of the Means by the (aid recited Aft or this Aft .'c|r°n £r.t-prelcribrd, fhall aft as a Commiffioner or Con-miffioners in the Execution Iffiiff.iung of the faid recited Aft or this Aft, he or they fhall for every foch Offence

forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to be recovered, wiih full Cofts of Suit, by any Peifon or l’erlons who flirll inform or lue for the fame in any ot Hi* Majelly’s Courts of Record at JVrJlminfier (or in the Court of 1 leas to be held within the laid Ifie of Ely. if fuch Offence fhall be committed within the Jurifdiftion thereof) by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Elloign, Proteftion, Privilege, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparhnre fhall be allowed ; and in fuch Aftiot) of Suir, it fhall be only necelfary for the Plaintiff or Informer to prove that the Defendant afted as fuchCommiflionrr in the Execution of the faid retired Aft or this Aft, and a Vcrdift fhall be found againft the Defendant or Defendants, unlrf-. he or they lhall prove in his or their Defence, that he or they were at the Time of his or their fo afting, properly qualified to aft, according to the tiue Intent and Meaning ot the laid .recjted Aft or this Aft.	*

V.	And be it furher enafted. That the Firft Meeting of the Com- , mifiioners after the palling ot this Aft fhall be held at The Vine Inn, in fhc'com-0^ IViJbccb SaintPeter’s,\n the la d lfle of Ely and County of Cambridge,on the mi“-vuerj. Firft Tuejday next after Three Weeks from the Dayof the palling or thisAft,

at Eleven of the Clock i toe Foicnoon ; at.d that the faid Commiffioners,

or

3H	48*	GEORG	11 III. Cap. 23.

or any Five or more of them, (Fall meet once at leaft in every Tear, at

The Vine Inn, in W/Jbech Saint Peter's aforefaid, or at fuch other Place or Places as the laid Commiffioners (hall from Time to Time appoint, on the Second Tuefday in the Month of /Ipril, in each and every Year, and at fuch other Time or Times as they the faid Commiffioners (hall think nc-teflary, and (hall by Notice under the Hands of any Two or more of them (although not ademblcd at any Meeting) or by Notice under the Hand of their Clerk, appoint; and the faid Commifiioners prelent at any fuch Meeting may from Time to Time adjourn the fame, to be holdcn at any otherTime or Place they (hall think proper; and in cafe FiveCommifiioners fhall not be prelent at the Time and Place appointed for holding any fuch Annual Meeting, fo appointed as aforefaid, or Three Commilfioners fhall not be prefent at any fuch adjourned or other Meeting, any one Commifl fioner prefent, or the Clerk of the faid Commilfioners, (hall and may adjourn the fame to any Time not exceeding Thirty Days from the Time when, and to the Place where the lad Meeting was appointed to have been holden, of which Adjournment, Notice (hall be given Ten Days previous to fuch Meeting ; and no Adi of the faid Commiffioners fhall be good or valid unlefs it (hall be done or ordered at fome Meeiing or adjourned Meeting holden under the Authority of this Adi (except as herein-after excepted); and all the Powers or Authorities granted to or veiled in the faid Commilfioners, fhall and may from Time to Time beexercifed by the major Part of them prefent at any Meeiing, the whole Number prefent at fuch Annual Meeting or Meetings not being lei's than Five, and the whole Number prefent at any adjourned or other Meeting not being lefs

Chairmanto than Three; and the Commifiioners prefent at every Meeting or adjourned 'appo “ * * Meeting fhall and may choofe a Chairman, who in cafe of an Equality of Vote* on any Queflion (including the Vote of fuch Chairman) fhall have the decifive or cafling Vote ; and the firfl Bufinefs done at any fuch Meeting or adjourned Meeting fhall be the Eledlion of fuch Chairman ; provided always, that no Order or Determination of the faid Commiffioners fhall be revoked or altered at any fubfequent Meeiing, unlels Five Commiffioners at the lead fhall be prefent and concur in the revoking or al-alterir.g thereof; except as to the opening and (hutting down of Tunnels or Sluices, as in the faid recited Aft mentioned.

Commiffion- VI. And be it further enafted, That Notice of all Meetings to be

Notice8cfe	holden by virtue of the faid recited Aft or this Aft, except of the an-

Mcctings.	nual or adjourned Meetings, fhall (unlefs hereby or by the faid recited Aft

otherwife direftea) be given in fome Weekly Newspaper ufually circulated in the Neighbourhood of the Lands and Grounds hereby and by the faid recited Aft direfted to be drained and preferved, or by affixing the fame on fome publick or confpicuous Place in Wijbecb Saint Peter’s aforefaid, and on the Doors of the Parifh Churches of Newton, Tid Saint Gilts, and Tid Saint Mary’s, or by both fuch Ways if the fame fhall appear to the (aid Com-miflioners to be neccflary or requifite.

Expence*	VII.	And	be	k further enafted, That from and after the paffing of this

at Meeting*,	gum	0f Four Pounds may and (hall be paid and allowed for the

Expencesof the Commiffioners at the Annual and Special Meetings of the laid Commiffioners to be holden under or by virtue of this Act, and the Sum of Three Pounds in the Whole for the Expence of the faid Commiffioners

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 23.	32S

m'.flicners at the adjourned Meetings; any Thingin the faid recited Aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the faid 1Ta(j"5tobe Commiflioners, at their firft Meeting to be holden after the palling of this 81

Adi, or at any Adjournment thereof, and from Time to Time at their feveral Annua! Meetings to be holdtn on the Second Tuefday in the Month of Airil in each and every Year, or at any Adjournments thereof, to af-frfs, rate, tax, and charge all and every the Owners and Occupiers of all and fingular the Lands and Grounds in the faid Parilhes of Tid Saint Giles and Nitvton, which lie on the Weft Side of Black Dike, and alfo of all and fingular the Lands and Grounds (including the faid Hundred Acre Farm) in Tid Saint Mary’s Fen, which lie on the Wtft Side of Sioffen-dike Bank, by an equal and proportional Acre Tax, in fuch Rate or Sum as the faid Commiflioners fhall think proper, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Six Shillings in any One Year, in lieu and inftead of the Sum of Four Shillings in the faid recited Act mentioned, for each and every Statute Acre thereof, and fo in proportion for any lefs Quantity than an Acre; and it fhall alfo be lawful for the laid Commiflioners at the Time or Times alorelaid,in like Manner to afiefs, rate, tax, and charge the Owners and Occupiers of all and fingular the faid Lands and Grounds in the fad Parilhes of Tid Saint Giles and Ntwlcn, which lie on the Eaft Side of Black Dike, and the fame Lands are hereby charged with fuch Annual Sum or Sums of Money as the laid Commiflioners (hall think proper, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence, in lieu and inftead of the Sum of One Shilling in the faid recited Adi: mentioned, for each and evtry Statute Acre thereof, and fo in proportion for any lefif Quantity than an Acre; all which faid refpeftive Rates, Taxes, and Charges ihall become due ana payable and fhalLbe paid by the refpeftive Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of the faid refpeftive Lands and Grounds, to the Coikfto.r or Colleftors* Rectiver or Receivers, or^other Perfon or Pcifons, at fuch Time or Times, at fuch Place or Places, and in fuch Manner and Form as the faid Commiflioners Ihall at any of their Meetings to be holden under this Aft, or at any Adjournment thereof, di-reft or appoint; and fuch Rate and Rates, Tax and Taxes, fhall be raifed and levied in Manner direfted by this Aft; and all fuch Rates and Taxes Ihall continue to be chatgcd and paid, each and every Year lo long as Ihall be necefiary for paying and difeharging fuch Sum or Sums of Money as have been borrowed on the Credit of the faid recited Aft, and which (hall or may be borrowed on the Credit thereof and of this Aft, and all Imerelt now due or which fhall hereafter become due for the lame rcfpeftivcly, and alio the feveral Debts incurred by the Commiflioners afting under the laid recited Aft, and fo long as Ihall be neceflary for carrying the Purpofes of the laid recited Aft and this Aft into Execution, any Thing in the faid recited Aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

IX.	And be it further-enafted, That from and after the palling of this Tenantsto Aft, all and every the Tenants and Occupiers of the faid Lands and pavtheTaxes, Grounds, who lliali be afieftedttiated, taxed, or charged by virtue of this th<?m from Aft, fhall, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby authorized and re- thsirRents; quired to pay all and every luch Rates and Taxes for the Lands and Grounds in then refptftive Occupations,and to deduct and retain out of his,

her, or their Rent or Rents, all fuch Sum cr Sums of Money as they Ihall [_Loc. £3* Per.J	4 N	fo

326

but not to dniuff Penalties incur, ed for Non payment ofRat-i, etc.

Beneficia1 LdTee* not to be allowed to deduct Taxes.

Certain t.eaf.s or Agreements not to be affected.

Penal y on

Per ons neglecting to pay the Kates.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

lb refpeftively pay as aforefaid; and the feveral and refprftive Landlords and Owners of fuch Lands and Grounds is and arc hereby required to ailow Rich Deductions and 1'ayments upon Receipt of the Rtfidue of his, her, or their Rene or Rents; and every luch Tenant or Occupier paying any fuch Rates or Taxes (hall be acquitted and dilcharged of as much Money as fuch Rates or Taxes fo paid by him, her, or them refpeftively flia.ll amount unto, as fully and tffcftually as if the fame had been aftuallv paid to his, her, or their Landlord or Landlords (except where there is or may be any Leafe or Agreement to the contrary;; but nothing herein contained lhail extend or be conltrurd to extend to enable any Tenant or Occupier to deduft from his or her Rent, anv Penalty or Forfeiture incuried by Nonpayment of the Rates and Taxes hereby impofed.

X.	Provided neverthcleR, and be it further enacted. That no LelTee or Tenant cf any Lands or Grounds charged with the Rates or Taxes im-pefrd by this Aft, who lhall hold Rich Lands or Grounds by virtue of or under any Leafe or Leafcs from any LSifhop or Collegiate Church or College, or any Ecclefiaftical Corporation, Idle or aggregate, or by virtue of or under any other Lcafe or Agreement, of whicn other Leafe or Agreement there (hall at the Time of palling this Aft, be .more than Seven vears to come and unexpired, lhall be entitled to deduft the faid Rates or Taxes, or any of them, out of the Rent referved or made payable by any luch Leafe or Agreement, but that the faid Rates and Taxes (hall be charged upon and paid by the LtlRes or Tenants fo holding fuch Lands or Grounds as aforefaid.

XI.	Provided alfo, and be it enafted and declared, That nothing in the faid recited Aft or thi Aft contained, Hull extend to charge any other Lrffor or LelTors with the Payment of the Rates or Taxes, or airy of them, by the faid recited Aft or this Aft charged, contrary to any express Stipulation made or contained in or by any Leafe or Lealcs, Agreement or Agreements, in which it hith been agreed that the Rates, faxes, or Afieffments for the Drainage or Prefer vatian ot any of the laid L inds and G ounds comprized in or demited by .-.nv luch Leafe or Leafes, Agreement or Agreements, lhall be paid by the LefTee or Lefiets thereof, any Thing herein contained to thecontraiy nowithll tiding.

XII.	And, for enforcing the due and punctual P..ymrnt of the Rates and Taxes by this Aft charged, be it further cnafted, 'Chat if any Peifon or Perlbns, 'ubjeft or liable to the Payment of the faid Rates or Taxes, or any Part thereof, lhall omit or negleft to pay the fame, or any Pjrt thereof, to the Coll ftur or Cuileftors, Rtc.iver or Receivers, or ocher Perfon or Perfons appointed by ihr faid Commidinners to receive anj eol-left the fame, for the Space of Twenty D.vs r.ext afrer the rcfptftivc Days or Times appointed for Payment of the I,.me by the faid Co.n-miflioners (Fourteen Days Notice in Wilting of the refpeftive Times of fuch Payments having been previoufiy given by the faid Colleftor or Col-leftors, Receiver or Receivers, or other Perfon or Perlbns appointed as aforefaid, to the Perfon or Perfons who is or aie liable to pay the fame, either by delivering fuch Notice to him, her, or them, or leaving the fame at his, her, or their ulual Place or Places ot Abode, or it fuch lafl-men-tioned Perfon or Perfons (hall not have any Place of Abode within the Parifh in which the Lands or Grounds fur or in refpeft of which he, (he, or they, lhall be affelTei! and rated as aforefaid, (hall lie, then by affixing

fuch

327

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

fuch Notice upon the Church D.or of the Parifh where fuch Lands and Grounds or any Part thereof (hall lie, and which Notice (hall be and be deemed and taken to be a full and fufficient Notice to all Perfons concerned, of the Day of Payment of fuch Rates or Taxes) then and in every fuch Cafe, every Perfon fo omitting or negled ng, Hull forfeit and pay to the faid Commiflioners, by way of Penalty, for every fuch Omiflion, Neglect, or Non-payment, the Sum of One Penny for every Shilling of the faid Rates and Taxes which fhall be fo in Arrear and unpaid, and fo in proportion for any lefs Sum than One Shilling, and fuch Penalty (hall be paid to the Colledor or Coliedors, Receiver or Receivers of fuch Rates and Taxes, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Commiflioners (hall appoint to receive the fame •, and in Default of Payment thereof to fuch Colledor or Colledors, Receiver or Receivers, or to fuch other Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid, on Demand, every fuch Penalty (hall and may be levied and recovered by fuch Ways and Means, and in fuch and the lame Manner, as the Rates and Taxes hereby charged, or any of them, may or can be levied and recovered -, and all fuch Penalties, when received, (hall be applied by the faid Commiflioners in carrying the faid recited Ad and this Ad into Execution.

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall refute, onur, or negled to pay all or any Part of the Rates or Taxes which he, (he, or they is and are hereby made liable to pay and difeharge, for the Space of Two Calendar Months next after the Days or Times which Hull be appointed tor Payment of the fame refpedively, or (hall refufe, omit, or neglect to pay all or any Part of the Penalty or Penalties which fhall b come due by Reafon of the Non-payment thereof, then and in every fuch Cafe ic (hall and may be lawful to and for the Coilerdor or Colledors, Receiver or Receivers of the faid Rates and Taxes, or any other Perfon or Perfons, by virtue of any Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of the faid Commiflioners, or any Three of them (which Warrant or Precept the faid Commiflioners, or any Three of them are hereby authorized and required from Time to Time to grant and make, as Occa-fion lhall require, whether aflembled at a Meeting or not) to enter into and upon all or any Part of the Lands and Grounds hereby taxed and charged as aforefaid, for which fuch Rares, Taxes, or Penalties (hall be due and owing, and all Mefluages and Tenements therepon (landing, and thereto belonging, with the Appurtenances, and to levy the Sum or Sums of Money due and owing or payable for fuch Rates and Taxes, by luch Perfon or Perfons having retufed, omitted, or negletted to pay the fame, and alfo to levy the Sum or Sums of Money due and owing by fuch Perfon or Perfons as lad aforefaid, by way of Penalty for the Non-payment of fuch Rates and Taxes, or of any Part thereof, by Dillrefs of the Goods, Chattels, and Effedls which (hall or may be found thereon, or of a fufficient Part thereof; and the Goods, Chattels, and Effects, which (hall be fo diftrained, co impound and keep on the Premiles, or take, lead, drive, carry away, and keep for the Space of Five Days, at the Cells and Charges of the Perfon or Perfons liable to pay the faid Rates, Taxes, or Penalties, leaving at fuch Mefluages or Tenements, Lands, Grounds or Premifes, or delivering to the Occupier cr one of the Occupiers of the fame, Notice in Writing of fuch Dillrefs being made, and of the Caufc thereof, and of the Place or Places where luch Dillrefs is to be found, or is taken, driven away to, impounded, and kept; and in cafe the Sum or Sums of Money for which any fuch Diftrefs

Power of

Diltrefs in cafe of Nonpayment.

.128	480	GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

trefs (hall be made, and all Cofts. Charges, and Expences attending fuch Diftrefs, (hall not be paid and difcharged to the Coile&or or Colicdors, Receiver or Receivers of fuch Rates or Taxes, or to the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Diftrefs, within Five Days next after the making of fuch DiftreE, and Notice thereof given as aforelaid, then and in every fuch ,	Cafe	the Perlon oY Perfms fo making fuch D.(trefs, (hall and may, with

the Ccnltable or Headborough of the Parifh where fuch Diftrefs (hall be made (who is and are hereby directed, upon being thereunto required, to aflift therein) caufe the Goods, Chattels, and Effects fo diftrained, to be appraifed by Two or more indifferent Peifons, 10 be fworn by fuch Confta-ble or Headborough (who is and are hereby required and empowered to ad-minifter the proper and necefiaryOath or Oaths), and fuchTwo Peifons are hereby required to appraile the fame, according to the belt of their Judgments ; and after fuch Appraifement it li.ail and may be lawful to and for (uch Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or other Perlon or Perlons making fuch Diftrels, to (ell or caufe to be fold the Goods, Chattels, and Effects fo diftrained, for the bed Price or Prices that can be rea-f nably had or gotten for the fame, for and towards Satisfaction of the Monies for which inch Diftrefs and Sale (hall be fo made, and the Cods, Charges, and Expences, of taking, keeping, appraifing and felling the fame, rendering the Overplus of the Money artfing from fuch Sale (if any) on Demand, to the Perlon or Perfons entitled thereto.

Diftrefs,where XIV. And whereas Perfons liable to the Payment of the Rates and removedfrom Taxes may, in order to evade the Payment of the fame, and of the Pe-the Lands, to nalties due thereon, remove their Goods, Chattels, and Effe&s, fiom off

evade the Payment of the Taxes.

Lands to remain liable if no Diftrels found.

5	and

the Lands ar.d Grounds hereby taxed and charged as aforefaid, belonging to or in the Occupation of fuch Perlon or Peifons y be it therefore enacted. That in all Cafes wheie no fufficient Diftrefs can be found on fuch Lands and Grounds whereon to levy and raife the Rate or Rates, Tax or Taxrs, due and payable by any fuch Perfon or Perfons, and the Penalty or Penalties which (hall have become due by realon of the Non-payment thereof, it (hall and may be lawful for the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers of the laid Rates and Taxes, or any oihcr Perfon or Perfons, by virtue of any Warrant or Prtctpt under the Hands and Seals cf any Three or more of the faid Commiflioners (which Warrantor Precept fuch Com-mi(fioners, or any Three or more of them, are heteby empowered and required from Time to Time to grant and make, as Occafion lhall require, whether affembled at a Meeting or not) to levy all • nd every luch Rate or Rates, Tax or Taxes, and Penalties, by Diftrels and Sale of any other Goods, Chattels, and EffcCts of any fuch Perfun or Perfons, whenfoever and wherefoever luch Goods, Chattels and EfFeds (hall be found, in like Manner as herein-before authorized and ili eded rcl'peding the Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods, Chattels and Effcds which lhall be found on the Lands and Grounds hereby taxed and charged as aforefaid, together with all Colls, Charges, and Expences attending fuch Diftrels and Sale.

XV. And be it further cnadtd, That when and fo often as it lhall happen that the Lands for or in rcfptd of which anv luch Rates or Taxes as afore-faid, or any Part thereof, or any Penalty or Penalties for the Non-payment of any fuch Rates or Taxes, lhall be due and unpaid, (hall be unoccupied, or that no fufficient Diftrefs can be found theteon for levying the lame Rates or Taxes, and Penalties, then and in every fuch Cafe, luch Lands (hall be and remain a Sccuiity for the Payment ot all fuch Rates, Taxes,

3*9

*8” GEORG II III. Cop, 23.

and remain a Security for the Payment of all fuch Rates, Taxes, and Penalties refpeftively fo due and unpaid ; and all Goods, Chattels, and Ef-fefts, which fhall at any Time thereafter be found on fuch Lands, (hall and may be diftrained, impounded, kept, apprailed, and fold in Manner aforefaid, until all the Ratts and Taxes then due and owing for or in ref-peft of luch Lands, and all Penalties which fhall have become payable by the Non-payment thereof at the Times aforefaid, and ail Cods,

Charges, and Expences incident to every fuch Diftiels and Sale (hall be fully paid, fatisfied, and difeharged.

XVI.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the faid tWcrforihe Comm (Tioners, or the major Part of them aflcmbled at any Annua! or ^sT^bornw Special Meeting to be holden after the palling of this Aft (at which ref- further Mo. peftive Meetings Five Commifiioners at the leaft (hall be prefent(, and

they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time to raife or borrow any »ct exceeding Sum or Sums of Money which they (hall think neceflary for the Purpofes ,oool‘

this and the fa:d recited Aft, not exceeding in the Whole at any one Time the Sum of One thoufand Pounds over and above the Monies authorized to be borrowed under the faid recited Aft; and fo that of the Sum and Sums of Money to be fo borrowed under this Aft, there (hall not at any Time be a greater Debt incurred than One thousand Pounds over and above the faid Monies authorized to be borrowed on the Credit of the faid recited Aft; and that when and as often as it (hall be found neceflary to b< rrow any fuch Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of One thoufand Pounds, the faid Commiflioners (hall and they are hereby required, within the Spare of Three Years from the Time of borrowing the fame, to repay fuch Sum or Sums of Money, with all Interefl due thereon, and alfo the Expences of railing, (ecurlng, and borrowing the fame, and for that Purnofe to rate, aflefs, and tax the Lands to be drained by virtue of the faid recited Aft and this Aft, in the fame Manner and Proportions as fuch Lands are herein direfted to be taxed for defraying the Expences of this Aft, with fuch Sum of Money as (hall be found neceflary, over and above any other Rates, Taxes, and Charges which may be aflefled or charged thereon by virtue of the faid recited Aft or this Aft : and that the faid lad-mentioned Rates or Sums of Money (hall be paid to fuch Perfons, and at fuch Times, and under fuch Penalties for Non-payment thereof, not exceeding One Penny for each Shilling unpaid, as the faid Commiflioners (hall order and direft; and that the faid Commiflion-ers (hall have the fame Powers and Remedies in all Refpefts for enforcing the Payment of fuch Rates, with the Penalties (if any) incurred thereon, as are hcrein-befbre given for enforcing any Rate or Affefimcnc to be made by virtue of the faid recited Aft or this Aft.

XVII.	And be it further enafted, that the faid Commiflioners (hall and corommion-may by Writing under their Hands and Seals, aflign over the faid Rates rrs m*y assign anu Taxes lad herein direfted to be made and railed, as a Security for the Re-payment of any fuch Sum or Sums of Money fo to be borrowed as Security laft-mrntioned, with lawful Interefl for the fame, to the Perfon or Perfons

who (hall advance and lend the lame, his, her,or their Truftee orTiuftees,

Executors, Administrators, or Afligns, ar.d fuch Imercft as aforefaid (hall be payable and paid Half Yearly ; and all and every Perfon or Perfons to whom any fuch Mortgage or Aflignment (hall be made, fliall be a Creditor and Creditors on the faid lad-mentioned Rates and Taxes, and [Lee. Es1 Per.']	4	0	every

3?°

Form of

Mortgage.

48* GEORG 11 III. Cap. 23.

every fuch Mortgage {hall be made for the Sum of One hundied Pounds, and I'uch Mortgage or Affignment may be in the Words or to the Effect following, (that is to fay) ;

‘ XX/'E	of	the	Commiflioners	appointed	by	or	in

‘	purfuance	of	an	A3,	pafied in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign

*	°f King George the Third, int tulcd, An Aft’ [here infert the Title of this

‘ Aft~\ in Confideration of the Sum of	advanced

*	and lent by A.B. upon the Credit and for the Purpofes of the faid A3,

*	do hereby grant and afiign unto the faid A.B. [or to his Truftee or ‘ Truftees, as the Cafe may be~\ his Executors, Adminiitrators, and AlTigns,

*	luch Proportion of certain lpec'tfie Rates, Taxes, or Afirffrnents, to be ‘ raifed, levied, and collected, for certain Ipecial Purpofes in the faid A3

*	mentioned, as the faid Sum of	doth	or

*	fhall bear to the whole Sum charged, which may at any Time be bor. ‘ rowed or become due and owing and be charged upon the Credit of the

*	faid laft-mentioned Rates, Taxes, or Affcffments; to be had and holdcn

‘ from this	Day of	until	the	faid

*	Sum of	with	Intereft	at

*	per Centum per Annum for the fame, {hall be repaid and fatisfied. In

‘ W itnefs whereof vve the faid CommilTioners have hereunto fet our Hands ‘ and Seals, the	Day	of	in	the

*	Year

And all fuch Mortgages or Alignments, and all Mortgages or Aflign-nients granted by virtue of the faid recited Aft, (hall be numbered, commencing with Number One, and fo proceeding in an arithmetical Progref-fion afcending, whereof the common Excels or Difference (hall always be One; and every fuch Security (hall be good, valid,an I effectual, and (hall entitle the Pei foil or Perfons to whom the fame (hall be made, his, her. or tneir Executors, Adminiftratorr, and Afligns, to the Payment thereof, and to all Profit and Advantage thereon, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft.

}\v.v«r to transfer Se-curitiea.

Form of Transfer.

Copies of Af-

figmr.ents to be entered in a Book.

XVin. And be it further enafted. That it (hall fce lawful for the Perfons entitled to any of the Securities for the Money to be borrowed upon Interelf by virtue of this Aft, and their refpeftive Executors, Adminif-trators, or Afligns (as the Cafe may be) at any Tune by Writing under their H inds and Seals, to transfer luch Securities to any P.-rfon or Perfons whomfoever; and every fuch Transfer may be in the Words or to the Effcft following; (that is to fay),

I A. B. being entitled to the Sum of	by

virtue of a Mortgage or Alignment bearing D.te the « Day of	under	the	H	mds	and	Seals of

t	of the Commifiioners acting in the Execution of

« an Aft, pafied in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George « the Third, intituled, ‘An Aft, [here fet forth the Title of this Aft,upon e the Credit of the Rates, Taxes, and Afleflments, granted or payable by < the faid Aft, do hereby transfer all my Right and Title in and to the 1 fame Sum, and all Intereft and other fyjoney now due and arifing there-, on, unto C. D. his Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns. Dated t the	Day

And a C py of every Security, Mortgage, or Alignment made by virtue of this Aft, and an Extraft or Memorial of every Transfer thereof

respectively.

4.8* G E 0RG1I III. Cap. 23/	$31

refp?61ively, (hall be entered in a Bock to be k“pt for that Purpofe by the Clerk to the faid Commifttoners; which Excraft or Memorial (hall fpecify and contain the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money thereby transfened j to which B >ok any Pcrfcn interefted (hall at all reafonable T.mes have Acceft, and fhall have free Liberty to ir.fpeft the fame without Fee or Reward ; and for the entering of every fuch Transfer, the faid Clerk fhall be paid by thePcrfon to whom fuch Transfer (hall be made, the Sum of Five Shillings and no more} and every fuch Transfer, after Entry thereof made as afofefaid, (hall entitle the Perfon to whom the Transfer fhall be made, and his or her Executors, Admimftrators, and Afligns, to the Benefit of the Security thereby transferred, without any other Regiftry or Inrolment whatfoever.

XIX. And be it further enabled. That the Rates and Taxes to be Taxeirtfled charged by virtue of this Aft for the general Purpofes of the faid recited ln credltor‘’ Aft and this Aft, and fuch Rates and Taxes as are now due under the faid recited Aft, fhall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable with and for the Payment of all and every Sum and Sums of Money which have or hath been borrowed by virtue of the faid recited Aft, and now remain due, and the Intereft of fuch Monies refpeftively, and fhall veft in the refpeftive Creditors until fuch principal Monies and Intereft (hall be fully paid and fatiefied, together with the Cofts and Charges occafioned by the Non-payment thereof; and the faid Creditors refpecttvely, and their refpeftive Executors, Adminiftrators, and Alfigns, fhall have the fame Powers, Rights, and Privileges, of railing, revovering, and enforcing Payment of the faid Rates and Taxes, for the fatisfying and dilchargmg to them refpeftively fuch principal Monies and Intereft (if Default fhall be made in Payment thereof, as the fame fhall become due) as the faid Com-mifiiontrs or their Colleftor orColleftors have or would have had by virtue of the faid recited Aft or this Aft, in cafe the faid principal Monies and Intereft had been regularly paid and fatisfied.

XX.	And whereas certain of the Commiffioners appointed by virtue of or under the faid recited Act, did fome fhort Time fince borrow and take up at Inrereft, on their own Perfonal Security, the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, for the Purpofe of difeharging certain Debts incurred for neceflary Works made and done under the faid recited Acr, and the faid Sum of Five hundred Pounds was paid into the Hands of the Treafurer to the faid CommifToners, aud by him applied in difeharging fuch Debts: And whereas the faid Sum of Five hundred Pounds, with an Arrear of Intereft (or the fame, is ftill remaining due from the faid Commiftioners, and it is expedient that Provifion fhould be made as well for paying off and difehatging the faid Sum of Five hundred Pounds and the Intereft thereof, as for defraying the Cofts, Charges, and Expences which (hall be incurred in, incident to, and attending the obtaining and palling of this Act, together with lawful Intereft for all Monies which (hall be advanced for the laid laft mentioned Purpofe, from the Time or refpective Times of the Payment or Advancement thereof; be it therefore further enacted. That it (hall be lawful for the Coririmiffioners appointed or to be appointed by virtue of the faid recited Act or this Act, and they are hereby authorized and required, at the.r Firft Meeting after the palling of this Act, and at their General Annual Meeting to be held in the next fucceeding Year, toaffefs, rate, tax, and charge all and every of the Owners and Occupiers of all

and

For difeharg-injr a certain Debt of 5001. owing from the Commissioners, and the Expences of the prefect Act.

332

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 23.

and Angular the faid Lands and Grounds by the faid recited Aft and this Ait intended to be drained, by feveral Rates or Acre Taxes, in the fame Manner and Proportions as the Rates and Taxes for the general Pur-pfcfes of the laid recited Aid are directed to be laid and raifed in fuch Rates or Sums of Money as lhall be fufficient to fati-fy and pay (he faid Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and the Intereft thereof, and the laid Cofts, Charges, and Expences, and Intereft of Monies advanced or to be ad-vanetd as aforelaid (over and above ihe laid other Rates, 'Faxes, and Charges herein-before directed or authorized to be affeff-d, rated, taxed, and charged as aforefaid); and that the faid laft-mentiuned Rates or Sums of Money lhall be paid to fuch Perlon or Pcrfons, at fuch Time or Times, and in luch Manner and Form, and under fuch Penalties for Non-payment thereof, not exceeding One Penny for each Shilling unpaid, as the faid Commiflioners lhall at their faid Firft Meeting, and at their faid General Annual Meeting to be held in the fucceeding Year next after the palling of this Act, order and direct; and that the laid Commillioncis lhall have fuch and the like Powers and Remedies in every Refpect for enforcing the Payment and levying of the faid laft-meniioned Rates and Sums of Money, with the Penalties (if any) incurred thereon, as are herein-before fpecified for the levying of the laid other Rates, Taxes, or Charges, to be afltlfcd, rated, taxed, or charged as herein-before mentioned ; and the faid laft-mentioned Rates or Sums of Money, when collected and received, lhall be applied in paying off and dilcharging the faid Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and the Intereft (hereof, and the laid Cofts, Charges, anu Expences, and Intereft of Monies advanced as aforefaid, and to and f r no ocher Ufe, Intent, or Purpofe whatfoever; but in cafe any Overplus lhall remain of the laid laft-mentioned Rates or Sums of Money, after the Payments aforefaid, (hen fuch Overplus (hall be applied to and for the general Purpefcs of the faid recited Act and this Acr.

Application of XXI. And be it further enafted, That the Monies now in (he Hands the Momn. 0f tjje 'freafurers, Collectors, or other Officers afting under the faid le-cited Ail, and all Arrears, Rates, and Taxes, now due upon or by virtue of the faid recited Ar t, and the Monies to arite from the Ratrs and Taxes by this Aft impoed as aforefaid, and all pecuniary Penalties, Forfeitures, and all other Monies to be received, levied, or recovered by vii-tue of the faid recited Aft and this Aft, not otherwile difpofed of, lhail be, and the lame are hereby veiled in the faid Commiflioners, and (hall be by them applied and difpofed of in the Manner following ; (that is to lay) in the firft Place in paying and defraying the Cofts, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and palling this Act, and the Intereft ol all Monies advanced for that Purpofe, and then in Difcharge of all fuch Debts as have been contracted by the Commiflioners acting under the laid recited Act, in making and repairing the feveral Works of Drainage thereby authorized to be made, or otherwile for the Purpofes of the laid recited Act, and which are now due and unpaid, and in Dilcharge cf the Intereft of all fuch Monies as have been or lhall be borrowed and takrn up at Intereft under or by virtue ol the laid recited Actfand for and towards the feveral Works ol Drainage and other Works by the faid recited Act and this Act authorized to be made, done, and executed, and towards the Support and Maintenance of the fame, and alfo toy apply any Surplus Money or Balance which may from Time to Time remain after Payment of luch Colts, Charges, Intereft, and Expence>, and in the Difcharge of all fucli

principal

333

48® GEORG1I III. Cap. 23.

principal Monies as have been or (hall be bororwed and taken up at Inte* reft under the Authority or on Account of the Did recited Aft, and for the general Pur polos of the laid recited Aft and this Aft, and to and for no other Ule, Intent, or Purpofe whatsoever.

XXII.	And be it further enacted. That no Perfon or Perfons, who is> Proprietor?,

are, or lhall be a Creditor or Creditors on the Rates and Taxes impofed	‘l]H

by thefaid recited Ad or this Aft, and who is, are, or (ball be a Proprietor lowed to rfe-or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers of any of the faid Lands and	to’te'

Grounds to be rated or taxed by virtue of the faid recited Aft or this Act, them out of lhall at any Time hereafter deduft or fet off, or be allowed or permitted then Taxes, by the faid Commiflioners to deduft or fet off, all or any Part of the Inte*

reft payable to him, her, or them refpeftively, as fuch Creditor or Creditors as atorelaid, out of or from any Sum or Sums of Money which lhall be due from or payable by him, her, or them refpeftively, for fuch Rates and Taxes as fuch Proprietor or Proprietors,Occupier orOccupiers as afore-faid; but the Rates and Taxes payable by him, her, or them, (hall from Time to Time be paid to the Colleftor or Colleftors, Receiver or Receivers, under the faid recited Act and this Act, in the fame Manner as if fuch Perfon or Perfons was or were in no ways interefted as a Creditor or Creditors.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted. That the faid Commflioners may and Ttie comm'f-Ihall in all Cafes fue and be fued in the Name of their Treafurer or Clerk, fim.eis may and that no Action, Suit, or Information which may be brought, com- ",?thee menced, or filed, or Indicrment which may be preferred or profccuted, by N.ime of their or againft the faid Commiflioners, or any of them refpectively, by virtue J1^1,,tror or on Account of the faid recited Act or this Act, in the Name of their Treafurer or Clerk, lhall abate or be difeontinued by the Death or Removal

of any fuch Treafurer or Clerk, or by the Act of any fuch Treafurer or Clerk, without the Confent of the faid Commiflioners; but the Treafurer or Clerk, for the Time being to the faid Commiflionrrs, (ball always be deemed Plaintiff, Profccutor, or Defendant, in any ftuh Action, Suit,

Information, or Indictment, as the Cafe may be: Provided always, thacevery fuch Treafurer or Clerk, in whofc Name any Action, Suit, Information, or Indictment, (ball be commenced, preferred, profccuted, or defended, in purfuance of the faid recited Act or this Act, lhall always be reimbuifed and paid, out of the Monies to arile by virtue of the faid recired Act or this Act, all fuch Cofts, Charges, and Expences as he lhall be put to or become chargeable with by real'oa of his being made Pontiff, Profecutor, or Defendant therein.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted. That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall Allowing an think himfclf, herfelf, or themfelves ag^iieved, bv any Thing done in pur- APP'*1, fuance of the faid recited Act or this Act, hs, the, or they, may within

Four Calendar Months next after the Caufe of Complaint fhall have arifen, appeal to ihejuftices of the Peace at the General Quarter Stflions of the Peace to be hulden in and for the faid Ifle of Ely or County of Lin. coin (as the Cafe may require) firft giving to the Perfon or Perfons appealed againft, or to the Clerk to the faid Commiflioners, in cafe the Appeal fhall be made againft any Act or Determination of the faid Commit Turners, Ten Days Notice in Writing of fuch Appeal, and of the Nature thereof, and within Two Days after fuch Notice, entering into a Kecou-\JL«c.&Ptr.]	4 P	nizancc

334-

Exte^ing the ir vihoosof the faid \ct to this Aft, &c>

Pablick Act.

48° GE ORGII III. Cap. 23.

nizance before fome Juftice of the Peace for the faid Ifle or County, with Two fufficienc Sureties conditioned to try fuch Appeal, and abide the Order and Award of the laid Juflices; and the faid Jultices fhall, upon due Proof of luch Notice ai d Recognizance having been given and entered into, hear and determine the faid Appeal at fuch General Quarter Seflions, or if they think proper may adjourn the hearing thereof to the next General Quarter Stffions of the Peace to be holden for fuch Ifle or County; and the faid Juflices, on the hearing and determining of every fuch Appeal, may award fuch Cods to the Party appealing or appealed againft, as the faid Juflices fhall think proper, and fhall and may at their Difcretion cfifcharge or mitigate all or any of the Penalties or Forfeitures incurred by the Party or Parties appealing ; and the Determination of the faid Juflices in the faid General Quarter Seflions, or Adjournment thereof, fhall be final, binding, and contlufive, to all Intents and Purpofes whatloever.

XXV.	Ana be it further enadled, That all and every the Provifions and Claufes in this Adi, fhall in the Execution of the faid recited Adt be ufed and applied and conflrued, fo far as the fame are applicable, in like Manner as if the fame were fpecially enadled in the faid recited Adt; and all and every the Provifions and Claufes of the faid recited Act (except where the fame a;e by this Act exprefsly varied, altered, or repealed), fhall, in the Execution of this Act, be ufed and applied, extended and conflrued in like Manner as if the fame Provifions and Claufes (except as aforcfaid) were fpecially enacted in this Adt.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted. That this Act fhall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as luch by all Judges, Juflices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by Georoe Etre and Andrew StrahaN', Printers to the King’s mofl Excellent Majelty. 1808,

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*«*£**************************************************

Cap. -7.4.

An Aft for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Afts of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Barton Water fide Hoafe to ..Rifeham Hedge Corner, and other Roads therein mentioned in the County of Linco'n.	[ 14 th April 1808.]

WHEREAS an Aft was paffed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of

His prefent Majefty King George the Third, intituled, An Ad 5G.3. c. 85, for repairing and widening the Road from Barton Waterfide Houfe to Rifeham Hedge Corner, and feveral other Roads in the County of Lincoln therein, mentioned: And whereas an Aft was paffed in the Twenty-fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An 26 G. 3.

Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ad, paffed in the Fifth Tear c- I4C-of Bis prefent Majejhf s Reign, intituled, 4 An Ad for repairing and widen-‘ ing the Road from Barton Waterfide Houfe to Rifeham Hedge Corner,

‘ andfederal other of the Roads in the County of Lincoln therein mentioned;

« and for repairing and widening the Road from the old Bridge in the Town of * Brigg in the find County, to Wrawby Bar and Bigby Bar in the faid ‘ Town ; and alfo the Road from the End of the faid Turnpike Road at ‘ Caiftor in the faid County of Lincoln, to the South Gate in the faid ‘ Town cf CaiftorAnd whereas the Truftees appointed to put the faid [Lot. Per.]	'	4	Q	Afts

338

Former A£ts continued.

Truflees.

48°GEORG1I III. Cap.24.

Acls in execution have in purfuance thereof borrowed confiderabie Sums of Money on the Credit and Security of the Tolls arifing thereby, which with a confiderabie Arrear of Intereft thereon are flill due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the faid Roads be kept in Repair unlels the Term of the faid Ads is further continued; and it is expedient that fonte of the Powers and Provifions thereof fhould be altered, amended, and enlarged: May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enaded ; and be it enaded by the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the faid recited Ads, pafled in the Fifth and Twenty-fixth Years of the Reign of His faid prefent Majefty, and all the Authorities, Tolls, Powers, Privileges, Exemptions, Provifions, Penalties, and Claufes therein contained and now in force (except fuch of them as are repugnant to any of the Provifions contained in this Ad, and as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties), fliall be and the fame are hereby further continued for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effedually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame were herein particularly inferted, repeated, and re-enaded, but fubjed neverthelefs to the Amendments, Variations, Alterations, and Additions herein.contained, and which fliall commence upon the pafling of this Ad; and this Ad and the additional 'Perm hereby granted fliall be and the fame are hereby made fubjed and liable to the Payment of all Monies due and owing upon the Credit of the faid Ads, or that may hereafter be borrowed upon the Credit thereof and of this Ad, and all Intereft now due thereon and hereafter to grow due thereon refpedively.

II.	And be it further enaded, That Marmadute Allngton Clerk, Jofeph Afhton, William Abraham, Richard Allenby, the Right Honourable William Beauclerc commonly called Lord William Beauclerc, Charles Drake Bar-nard Clerk, Rowland Bowjlead Clerk, George Bulmer, Samuel Booth, Robert Betts, John Brawn, Matthew Burkinjhaw, Stephen Berry, Chrijlopher Bell, William Borman, John Codd, William Bajfett Codd, George Chapman, William Dickinfen, Samuel Dickin/on, Thomas Dixon, Jofeph Dudding, John Dauber, Charles Empfon, William Edmondfon Clerk, Jonathan Field, William David Field, Thomas Frear, Benjamin Foottit, Marmaduke Nelfon Graburn, William Nelfon Graburn, Valentine Grantham Dodor in Divinity, John Grantham, John Holt Clerk, John Hildyard Clerk, William Smith HaJleden, James Hudfon Clerk, Theophilus Harneis, Theophilus Harness the younger, Edward Currer Iiolgate, Henry Holgate, Francis Hudfon, William Harrifon Clerk, Samuel Harnew, John Kirkby, James Graburn Marris, Nathanial Main, Martin Munday, Sir Henry Nelthorpe Baronet, John Nt Ithorpe, George Nelfon, Francis Otter, Richard OJller, the Honourable Charles Anderfon Pelham, the Honourable George Andcrfon Pelham, John Parkinfon Dodor in Divinity, Thomas Parkinfon, William Richardfon, John Richardfon, Richard Roadley the younger, William Skipworlh, Thomas Skip-worth, Philip Skipwortb the younger, Thomas Skip-worth the younger, John Harneis Swan, Jofeph Swan, Red-fhaw Spring, John Snell, William Edward Tomline, George Clayton Ten-nyfon Clerk, Charles Ter.nyfon, Samuel Turner, Richard Taylor, William fcfh, John Uppleby, John Uppleby the younger, Charles Appleby, Edward Wejlon, Charles Wejlon Clerk, George Whitworth, Edward Wright, William Hemfworth Wilkinfon, John Charles Walter, Stephen Timothy IVcJl,

2	and

339

4S° GEORGII III. Cap.24.

and Edward Toung, (hall be and they are hereby appointed Truftees to put the faid recited Afts and this Aft into Execution; and the Truftees hereby appointed (hall be added to and aft in conjunction with the Truftees appointed or to be appointed by virtue of the faid recited Afts, or either of them; and in cafe any of the Truftees hereby appointed (hall die, or by Writing under their refpeftive Hands decline or refufe to a £1 in the Execution of the Trulls hereb'y repofed in them, then fome other fit and proper Perfon (hall be elefted a Truftee in the Place and Stead of every Truftee fo dying, refufing, or declining to aft as aforefaid, in the Manner provided or mentioned by the faid firft recited Aft.

III.	And be it further enafted, That, from and after the palling of this Exempting Aft, no Toll (hall be demanded or received for any Horfe, Mare, Geld- ^sa^Jer* ing, Mule, or other Cattle, drawring any Carriage going for or returning ^ings from laden or unladen, having been hrtlen only with Stones, Gravel, or other Payment of Materials Tor repairing the faid Roads, or any of the Roads in the Parilhes Tolls, or Places in which the faid Roads hereby intended to be repaired or any Part thereof do or doth lie; or any Dung, Mould, Soil, or Compoft of any Kind (Chalk and Lime excepted), for the manuring of any Garden or other Land or Ground; nor (hall any Toll be taken, demanded, or received for any Carriage or Cattle going for the Purpofe of or returning from ploughing, lowing, tilling, or cultivating any Land or Ground, or going for or returning unladen, or only laden with Hay, Straw, Corn in the Straw, or Wood not fold or difpofed of, but to be laid up in the Houfes, Outhoufes, Yards, or on the Premifes of the Owner or Owners thereof; or for any Plough, Harrow, Dray, Sheep Trays or Nets, or other Implement of Hufbandry; or for any Horfe or other Bead or Cattle drawing or carrying the lame in order for the repairing thereof, or ufing the fame in Hufbandry; or for any Horfe or other Beall or Cattle going to or returning from Water or Failure, or going to be or returning from being (hoed or farried; or for any Horfes, Cattle, or Carriage of whatfoever Defcription employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Exprefles under the Authority of His Majefty’s Poftmafter General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding the fame, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for the Horfes of Soldiers on their March or on Duty, or Carriages or Horfes, or other Beads employed in carrying the Arms or Baggage of fuch Soldiers; or for any Horfe, Mare, or Gelding furnilhed by or for any Perfon belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercile, provided fuch Perfons are in the Uniform of their refpeftive Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps refpeftively, at the Time of claiming fuch Exemption; or for any Carriage, Horfe, or other Bead employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants travelling with legal Paffes; nor (hall any Toll be demanded or taken from any Inhabitant of any Parifh through which any Part of the faid Roads doth lie, w'ho (hall pafs through any of the faid Turnpikes to or from his, her, or their refpeftive Parifh Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worfhip tolerated by Law, on Sundays, or on Chrijimas Day, Good Friday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or who (hall attend the Funeral of any Perfon dying and to be buried in any of the faid Parilhes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from

vifiting

340

Statute

Labour.

4b0 GEORG 11 III. Cap. 24.

vifiting any fick Perfon, or upon other his Parochial or Miniftcrial Duty on a Sunday, or on Cbri/imas Day, Goad Friday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; nor fhail any Toll he demanded or taken for or in refped of any Horfe, Cattle, or Beall carrying any Paffenger, or drawing, any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calalh, or Chair going to or returning from any Eleftion of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to ferve in Parliament for the faid County of Lincoln, on the Day or Days of fuch Eleftion, or on the Day before or Day after fuch Eleftion fhail begin or be concluded; and if any Perfon fhail claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforefaid not being entitled to the fame, or fhail make ufe of any Fraud whatfoever, whereby the Payment of the Tolls granted and continued by the faid recited Afts arid this Aft, or any Part thereof, fhail be evaded, every fuch Perfon (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, whereof One Moiety fhail be applied to the Purpofes of the faid Afts and of this Aft, and the other Moiety to the Informer or Informers.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That all Perfons who by Law are or (hall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or (hall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the faid Roads, or any Part thereof, or any Divifion thereof, (hall (till remain liable thereto in the like Manner as heretofore; and it fhail be lawful for any Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Lincoln, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of thei», or by.their Treafurer, Clerk, or Surveyor, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work (hall every Year be done upon the faid Roads by the Inhabitants of the refpeftive Parifhes, Townfhips, or Places in which the faid Roads do lie, and alfo what Proportion of .the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of .every fuch Parilh, Townlhip, or Place, in lieu of or as a Com-pofition for fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, (hall be by him, her, or them, paid to the faid Truftees, or to their Treafurer or Treafurers; and in order thereunto it (hall be lawful for fuch Juflices from Time to Time to fummon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every fuch Parifh, Townfhip, or Place, to bring in Lifts before fuch Juflices, at fome Place to be exprefled in fuch Summons (within Ten Days after the ferving of fuch Summons), of the Names of the feveral Perfons who within fuch Parilh, Townfhip, or Place, are by Law l'ubjeft and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work, diftinguilhing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwil'e, and alfo the Amount of the refpeftive Sums to be paid; which Lifts of Names (hall be made in fuch Manner and under fuch Regulations and Reftriftions as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effeft for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of fuch'Lifts the faid Juftices (hall and may allot, appoint, and order fuch and fo many of the Perfons who (hall appear fubjeft and liable to Statute Work as aforefaid, to do fuch Number of Days Statute Work, in every Year upon the faid Roads as the faid Juftices ihall think reafonable, and the fame fhail be done at. fuch Days and at fuch Times (not being Hay Time or Harvell), and in fuch Parts of'die faid Roads, as the faid Truftees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, Ihall (mid Time to Time order, direft, and » ;r	"	5 appoint;

480 G£ORGI? til.	Cap.2 4.	34*

appoint ; and the faid Juftices fhall and may alfo order and direct the Per-fons, who by fuch Lifts (hall appear to be fubjeft and liable to the Payment of any Money In lieu of or as a Compoiition for Statute Work as aforefaid, to pay fuch Proportion thereof as the faid Julliccs (hall think proper to the faid Truftecs or their Treafurer, at fuch Time or Times as the faid Juftices (hall direft, and in Default of Payment thereof the fame, fhall and may be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattelsi of the refpeftive Perfons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the faid Acts or this Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Perfon who (hall negleft or refufe to do. fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, after Notice in Writing given tp or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their ufual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpole, by any Surveyor to the faid Truftecs, (hall for. every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horfe or Horfes,

Bead or Beads to be provided by him, her, or them, be fubjeft or liable to fuch Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as fuch Perfon or Perfons may be fubjeft or liable to by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Perfon who (hall comei to work as a Labourer, or (hall be fent with any Team or Draught to work on the faid Roads, (hall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the faid Trudges, fuch Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and difmifs the Perfon who (hall be found idle or negligent as aforefaid, and in that Cafe every fuch Perfon 11 rail be fubjeft and liable to the refpeftive Forfeitures and Payments as aforefaid, as if he had neglefted or refuted to come, or fuch Team or Draught had not been fent to work on any Part of the faid Roads; all which Forfeitures (hall be paid to the Treafurer to the faid Truftee6, and applied towards amending the faid Roads; and in cafe the faid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the faid Pariflies, Townlhips, or Places, (hall refufe or wilfully neglect to give in fuch Lifts as aforefaid, or (hall knowingly and wilfully give in falfe and imperfect Lifts, every fuch Surveyor fo offending (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

V.	And be it further enafted, That if any Money (hall be agreed or Application affeffed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchafed, °f Compcnfa. taken, or ufed by virtue of the Powers of the faid recited Afts or this Aft, tl0n wll.cn which (hall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Cor- to12001"'° poration Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Truft, Guardians, Committees,

Truftees, Femes Covert, or other incapacitated Perfon or Perfons, fuch Money (hall if the fame amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with ail convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Truftees for executing this Aft, to the Intent that fuch Money (hall be paid under the Direftion and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe of the Land Tax,

<>r Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the faid Court (hall authorize to be paid, affefting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affefting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (banding fettled to the fame or the like	*

Ufes, Intents, or Purpofes; or where fuch Money (hall not be fo ap-[Loc. & Per.]	4	R	'	pPed,

3*2	4^0E0RGIt	lit* Cap.24..

pKed1, thenfhe'Tame {hall be laid oiit arid inverted, under the like Direc-* v 5 tion and Appfbbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Mefluages, Lands, Teneriialts, or' Hereditaments, which (hall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upbn fuch and the like Ufes, Trufts, Intent3, and Purpofes, find in the fame1 Manner as the Hereditaments which {hail be fo purchafed, taken, Of ufed as aforefaid,' ftOod fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement lhall be exifting, undetermined; and capable of taking EffeiEt; and in the mean Time and until fuch Pitrchafe {hall be made, the faid Money {hall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the faid Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three per Centum Consolidated or Three per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the faid Bank Annuities (hall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the faid Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities {hall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the faid Court, to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid . Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, fo hereby directed to be purchafed, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

Application

when the Compenfa-tion is lets than 200I. and exceed* sol.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money fo agreed or affeffed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging to any Body Politick, or to any Perfon or Perfons under any Difability or Incapacity as aforefaid, {ball be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and lhall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame {hail, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and. Profits of the Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be dignified in Writing under their refpeflive Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and-with the Privity of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before direfted ; or otherwife the fame lhall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Truftees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Three or more of the faid Truftees for executing this Aft (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order ihat fuch Principal Money, and the Dividends arifing thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, fo far as the Cafe lhall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direftion or Approbation of the Court oi Chanc.-ry.

Application VII. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That when fuch Money when the f0 agreed or affeffed to be paid as herein-before mentioned lhall be lefs than Money i* lefs twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame frail be applied to than 20 .	tjje 0f t}je perfon 0r Perfons who would for the Time being have been

entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments'fo purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes of this Atl, in filth Manner as the faid Truftees, or any Three or more of them lhall think fit; or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch .Perfon and Perfons f« * - entitled refpettively.	,

'	VIII. And

4-8° GEO RG11 IU: ' Cap. 24.	343

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to In cafe of not whom any Sum or Sums of Money fhall be awarded or alfeffed for any rpiOeo* fcc Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be jmrehafed by virtue of this 1 Ad, (hall refufe to accept the fame, or {ball not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes to the. Satisfaction of the faid Tru flees; or in cafe .the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money fhall be fo awarded or affelfed as aforefaid cannot be found, or if, the-Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or difeovered, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall be lawful for the faid Truftees to order the Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded or afTeffed as aforefaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments \defcribing them], fubjeft to the Order, Controul, and Difpofition of the faid Court of Chancery; which faid Court, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, fhall be and is hereby empowered in a fummary Way of Proceeding, or otherwife as to the fame Court fhall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Diftribution thereof or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpeftive Eftate or Eftates, Title or Intereft of the Perfon or Perfons • making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court fhall feem juft and reafonable; and the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England, who fhall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall pay any fuch Sum or Sums into the Bank as aforefaid.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That where any Queftion lhall arife touching the Title of any Perfon or Perfons to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of this Aft, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Eftate, Right, or Intereft in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed in purfuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or to the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who fhall have been in Poflefiion of fuch Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Poflefiion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, lhall be deemed and taken to be lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch Poflefiion, until the contrary fhall be fhewn to the Satisfaftion of the faid Court of Chancety ; and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, fhall be paid, applied, anddifpofed of accordingly, unlefs it fhall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Polfeflion was a wrongful Poflefiion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein.

Perfons in Poflefiion fhall be deemed well entitled unlefs the contrary be fhewn.

X.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That where by reafon of The Con* any Dilability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation, may order

8	entitledreafonable

344

Expeiices of Purthafes to

he paid by the Truftecs.

How Ex-pences of the Aft to be paid.

Publick Aft.

Term of the Aft.

n C -r

4.8' GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed under the Authority of this AS, the Purchafe Money for the fame fhall be required to be paid into the laid Court and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands of Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes in pur-fuance of this Aft, it lhall be lawful for the faid Court to order the Expences of all Purchafes from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of this Aft, or fo much of fuch Expences as the Court ihall deem reafonable, together with the neceflary Coils and Charges of obtaining fuch Order, to be paid by the faid Truilees, who fhall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the laid. Court fhall direft.

XI.	And be it further enafted, That the Expences, Cofts, and Charges which fhall attend the folicidng, obtaining, and palling of this Aft, and be incurred preparatory thereto, fhall be paid and defrayed out of the firft Monies which ihall arife or be received from the Tolls to be taken upon the faid Roads or otherwife by virtue of the faid recited Afts and this Aft, or any of them, in preference to all other Payments whatfoever.

XII.	And be it further enafted. That this Aft fhall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Aft, and ihall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juilices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

XIII.	And be It further enafted, That this Aft Ihall commence upon the pairing thereof, and ihall continue and be in force and be executed for and during the Refidue now to come and unexpired of the Term granted and continued by the faid recited Afts, and from the Expiration thereof for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Sefiion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Evre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moil Excellent Majeily. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORG 11 III. REGIS.

******************************************************

Cap. 25.	.	;

An Atft to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Poweis of an A<ft of His prefent Majefty, for making and repairing a Road from the Weft End of Gaivfborough Bridge to Er.Jl Retford and to Gring-ley-uptr.-the H:!fin the County of Nottingham.

[14th April 1808.]

HEREAS an Aft was paflVd in the Twerty-fcventh Year .of the Reign of His prefent Mejefiy King Gco'ge the Third, in-t tilled, An AH for making, maintaining and repairing a Road 2; g 3. c. 71. from the TV.fi End of the Bridge inten ed to be built at or near the Ferry over the Riv.r 'I ren:, fram Gainfborough in the County of Lincoln, to the Parijh of Saunuby in the County of Nottingham, through the Jtveral Parifh.s of Saui.dby, beckingham, Bole, Noith Wheatley, Hayton, and Ciareborough, to F.alt krrtord, allfituate in the faid County of Nottingham, with a Side Branch jrorn the Boundary Gate between the faid Parijhes of Buckingham and Saunclby, thr'U«h the jaid Parifa of Berkingham and the Patijh of yringiey-or-the-Hill, in t!oe fame County, to the Town of G ingle yon-thra liill afotefaid: And wh. teas grear I’rogrefs hath been made in the Execution ot the Lid recited Aft, and .confuicrable Sums of Money have b-en borrowed on the Credit of the Toils authorized to be taken thereon,

.which (till remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off, hor ran the faid Hoads be efFcftually amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair,

{Lee. £5* Per,]	4 S	unlels

34&

Ar-‘ further ContiaLeii.

Said Aft fur-ther continued.

For appointing new

Truftces.

48°GEORGII III. Gap. 25.

unlefs the Term of the laid Aft is futther continued, and fome of the Powers thereof altered and amended, and the Tolls thereby granted in-creafed; may it therefore pleafc Your Majefty, that it may be enafted j and be itenafted by the Kirg’s moll Excellent M.ajeily, by and wiih the Advice and Confent of the L 'rds Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the lame. That the laid, recited Aft, and all ami every the Matters, Powers, Authorities, Privileges, Provifions, Articles, Rules, Penalties, and Gaults therein contained (except fuch as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and fuch as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed) fhall be and continue in full Force and Effect for and during the Term hercin-.ifter mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purpoles, as if the fame wire repeated and re enacted in the Body of this Aft, but fubjeft nevertheless to the Amendments, Alterations, and Additions herein contained, and w’nich(cxcept the Tolls herein-afeer mentioned) fhall commence and take Effcft upon the puffing of this Aft ; and this Aft, and the additional Term and Tolls hereby granted, fhall be and are hereby made funjtft and liable to the Payment of all Money now due and owing upon the Credit of the Tolls, or upon account of the faid recited Act or of this Aft, and all Interefl due or to grow due for the fame refpeftively.

II.	And be it further enafted, That Sir Charles Anderfon Baronet, William Afhton, Samuel Banker, William Barnard, ‘Thomas Btnney, Teonas Boitmcr, Henry Brumby, Thomas Brumby the younger, Cornelius Brumby, William Brumby, Hugh Blaydes, Gamaliel Capes, John Chapman, Thomas Colton, Benjamin Codd, James Cox Clerk, Samuel Crawley, James Septimus Cox, Jofph Cox, William Crofs, William Crojs the younger, both i f G inglev-upon-thr-Hill, William Crofs the younger of Buckingham, George Deal try, Thomas Lacy Dickonfon, Peter Dickonfon, Robert Duckle the yu iger, Frederic Anthony Duckle, Henry Charles Duckle, Anthony Hardolpb Eyre, Gcrvafe An-thony Eyre, John Eyre Cl^-rk, William Etherington the you- ge , Robert Flower, Francis Ferrand Foljariibe, Francis Foljambe, Jojbua Flint, James Fj-thergill Clerk, William Fretwell, Robert Fret wed, John Parley the younger, John Gamble, Gervas Gamfon, Robert Gamfon, Jam<s Gamfon the V 'unuer, John Gamfin, John Garjitt, John Gylby the younger, Thomas Heines Wil-liam Barnard Heaton, Edward Hicifon, Tom Jon Hickfon, William Hodges Clerk, Thomas Hodgkinfon, John Holmes, Richard Hutcbinfon Clerk, Henry Clarke Hutcbinfon, Thomas Jobnfon, George Kippax, John Kirke, Geo ge Maddifon Clerk, John Marfhall the younger, Beaumont Marfhc.il, Naiha-niel Mafn, George Mafon the younger, William Mafon, Morebcujc Metcalfe, Robert Moody, Charles Morehoufe the younger, Richard Morion, Jonathan Nettlejhip, John Nettlefhip, Cbrijlopher Neville, John Otter, Robert Davofon Otter, John Pajhley, George Radley, Robert Raven, Robert Raven tne younger, Francis Rayn s, George Roynes, John Rogers, Thomas Saurdby, Henry Saundby, John Seels, Thomas Slater, Jofeph Stephenfon Cleik, Geo’gt Stovin, Thomas Smith Clerk, Henry Smith, Robert Swan, Samuel Tbcrold the younger, JohnThornton the younger, John Tidd, Jofeph dorr, Thomas Torr, George (Paddington, George (Paddington the younger, Frederic Wakefield, Thomas Walfb, William Williamfon, William Williamfen the younger, Charles Williamfon, Gervas Wcodhorfe, and Abraham Youli Clerk, fhal) be added to, and joined with, the Truftees appointed in or by virtue of the faid recited Act, for putting the fame and this Aft in Ex. ccutton ■, and the Trufttes hereby nominated and appointed, and their -	7	•	e	k Succtffors,

48* GE ORGII III. Cap. 25.

S-iCceflbrs, refpeftivcly, being qualified according to the Direftioni of the laid recited Aft, are hereby empowered to act in execution of the faid Act and this Act, as fully and effcftually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if they had been appointed Truftees in or by virtue of the faid iccited Act.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enafted,,That notwithftanding any Thing in the laid recited Act contained to the contrary, it lhall and may be lawful for any Perlon named and appointed a Trullee in and by this Act, or by the laid recited Act, although fuch Pcrfon lhall have neglected to aft as a Ttuftce for the Space of Two Years fucceiTively, to act as a Trultee under the faid recited Act and this Act, during the continuance of the fame.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That all Aftions, Suits, Profecutions, Informations, Appeals, and other Proceedings whatloevcr, to be had, taken, profecuicd, or defended by or againft the laid Truftees, lhall be had, taken, profccuted, or defended in the Name of their Trrafurer or Clerk ; and that no Action, Suit, Profecution, Information, Appeal; or other Proceedings to be had, taken, profccuted, or defended by 01 ag.iinft the laid Trulle'S, or any of them, by virtue of this cr the laid recited Acr, Hull abate or be dii’continued by the Death or Removal of a^y tuch Treasurer or CInk, but that the Tre.«furer or Cletk for the Time Kciog to the laid Truftees lhall always be deemed the Plaintiff, Profecutor, lv-formanr, Appellant, Defendant, ot Respondent irr any luch Action, Suit, Prolecu.ion. Information, Appeal, or other Proceedings, as thr-Cale thall be: Provided always, that all'and ever.y fuch Treafuier or Clerk in whole Name or Names any filch. Action, Suit, Profecution, Information, Appeal, or otht r Proceeding, lbail t>e had, taken, profecuted, or defended in pul-

Tuance of this Act, lliail be fully reimburled and paid, out of the «VI .nies arjfing by vinue of this or the laid recked Act, all fitch Colts, Charges, Damages, ai <1 Expen es, as by the Event or in conlequcn e ot any fuCu Action, Suir, P ol'ccution. Information, Appeal, or other Proceedings, he or they lhall pay, bear, luftain, expend, or be put unto or become changeable with or liable for, or be Lilly entitled to, by reafon of his or then being fo made Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, Informant or I..formants. Appellant or Appellants, Rcfpondem or Rclpon-dents, as aforelaid.

V.	And be it further enacted, That in cafe any Difpnte, Suit, or Litigation lhall arilc, touching cr in any wife relating to the Tolls by this Act granted, or to any other Matter or Thing done in the Execution i f this

•or the laid recited Act, the Pctfon or P< rfons appointed to collect the laid Tolls, or any oilier Perlon or Prrfons acting by or under the Authority of the laid Truftees, lhall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any luch D.fpute, Suit, or Litigation-, by realon of his, her, or their being fo appointed to collect the faid Tolls, or acting under the Author ricy of the faid Truftees.

VI.	And whereas the Tolls granted by the faid recited Act are inade. quait to th- Purpofe of iufficicntly amending, improving, and keeping in Repair the fad Roads; be it therefore enacted. That from and after

.the Third Monday next alter the paffmg of this Act, the Tolls granted by the laid recited Act lhall be, and the fame-are hereby declared t > he

repealed;

r 347

Trultee* my

fu* and 1> r fued in the Name or the:r Trea-fu-er or Clerk.

Tnf'-B.r Keep r c mpf cut Wlt'JClSiS.

Repealing t imerTollj. ana granting new ones.

3+8

Tollj.

Double Toll cn Sundays.

T oli *H#d in the TiOf-tcet

Exemptioni. ft om Toll.

48* GEORG II III. Cap. 25.

repealed; and that inflejd thereof, the rcfpcet ve Tolls following (hall be demand d and taken by luch i’cif n ur Perfons as. ihe fa;d Truftecs, or any Five or nin e 01 them, (hall rrom Time to lime appoint to receive the iau e, bc(o;e anv H > lc < r other Cache, Cnach, Waggon, or o.her Carnage (hall be permitted co pa s thro gh anv Gare or 1 urnpike errdted or to r.c eteded in j.ur mince ot the faid leuied Aft, or this Adt; that is to lay:

For evtry Coach, Beilin, Chariot, Calafh Chaife, or Chair, drawn by Six or more Horles rr other Beads of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings :

For every Coach, Berlin, Chariot, Calafii, Chaife, or Chair, drawn by Four Horfes or other Bealls ot Draoght, ihe Sum ot Two Shillings:

For every Coach, Beilin, Cha'ior, Calafh, Chaife, or Chair, diawn by Three or Two Hurhs or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Two or more H -rfes, Mares, Geldings Mules, AITes, Oxen, Bullocks, or other.Beads drawing in any Waggon, Wain, Car, Carr, Caravan, or other Carriage, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny each:

Fur every Chaife or Chair, Waggon, Wain, Car, Cot, Caravan, cr other Ca ri ige drawn by One Hor;e or other Bead of Draught only, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Ox, Bullock or Be d, not drawing, the Sum of O e Penny Halfpenny :

For every Drove o( Oxrn, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum < f Ten-pence per Score, and fo in propnrii n :or any greats r i r Ids N. mber: A'id, For every Drove of Calves, Swine Sheep, or L mbs, rhe Sum i f 1 ivc-penct per Score, and fo in properu n for any great > or lefs Number :

And that on each and every Sunday, duru g the Continual cr ol this Aft, it fhall and may be lawful to ami for the laid Truftces, r any Five or more of them, in cale they (hall 'hink it n-redary, to cc and and take, crclufe to be demanded and taken, at the 'I un p kes or Toll Gates now erected or hereafter to be ereSt d in purluanteof the fattl tettted Afl Or this Aft, by fuch Pcrfon cr Pc Tons, to be nominated and appointed as afcrefiid, bclorc any Hoife, C attic-, or Carrirg--, lh li be permitted ro pjfs through the lame retpectiveb, Double the fcvcral lolls hereinbefore dirt fled to be taken on any ether Day cf the Week:

Which faid refpeflive Tull lliall be, and the fame are hereby vedtd in the faid Trultees, and the fan' an t every Part thereof dial! be collected, recovered, levied, paid, applied, affigned, varied, and dtfpofcd of in iuch and ihe fame Manner, and by iuch YV .ys and Mean*, and wi:h fuch Powers, Provifions, Regulations, a d Reftriciions, as are contained in tht faid recited Act, with refpect to the Tolls tnereby provided and made payable, but fuljtfl nevcrthelels to die Claufes, Ahcratons, Amend, mrnts, and Regulations, in the Bid recited Art contained, with rcipect to raifing and leifaiing the fame.

VII.	And be i: further enacted, That none cr the Tolls granted by thi* Act dull be demanded or taken at any Gate within any of the Paridies of Places wherein any Part of the laid Ko.ds doth lie for any Horfe, Cattle, or Bralt, employed only in drawing at y C-rc or Caniate from any one Pan of fuch Parilhes or Places to another, or o her Farts thereoi, laden with any Dung, Soil, or Compod of any Kind, or other Manure for the

tnanurin

349

48*GEORGlI III. Cap, 25.

manuring of any Garden or other Land or Ground fituate within the fame, not bought, fold, or difpofed of, or carried for the Purpofe of being bought, fold, or difpofed of, but pafling to be laid up or placed in the Outhoufes, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof who fhall not have bought the fame; nor (hall any Toll be demanded or taken for any Horfe,

Cattle, or Bead, employed in drawing any Cart or Carriage laden with Dung, Soil, or Compoft, from any of the Laid Parithes or Places, fo as fuch Horfe, Cattle, or Bead, be then returning, and have on the Day preceding been fubjedt to the Payment of the faid Tolls; nor (hall any Toll be demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horfes employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying on the fame Day, any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the faid Roads, or any of the Roads in the Parilhes or Places in which any Part of fuch Roads doth lie, or Play, Straw, or Corn in the Scraw, or Potatoe', Turnips, Parfnips, and Carrots, not fold or difpofed of, but pafling to be laid up or placed in the Outhoufes, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; nor for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Carriage, or Horfe, employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows,, or Implements of Huf-Oandry, or for any Thing employed in the Management of anv Farm or Lands, within any of the Parilhes or Places in which the faid Roads are fituate ; nor for any Horfes or Cattle going to or returning from Pafiufe or Watering Places, or going to or returning from being (hoed or ferried •, nor (rom any Pcrfon going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or ether Place of religious Worlhip tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Perfon who (hall die and be buried in any of the laid Pariflies; nor fpr any Clergyman going to or returning from vifiting any Tick Perfon, or upon other his Parochial or Minilterial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated ; nor for any Horfes, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatever Defcription, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Express under the Authority of His Majefty’s Poftmafter General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding fuch Mails or Exprefles, or in returning back from conveying the fame ; nor for any Horles, Carts, or Waggons, attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage, or for any Horfe, Mare, or Gelding furnilhed by or for any Perfons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Voluntetr Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Excrcife, provided that fuch Perfons are in the Uniform of their refpec-tive Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided by fuch Corps refpedtively ; at the Time of claiming fuch Exemption as aforefaid ; nor for any Horles, Carts, or Waggons, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants fent by legal ! Paffes; nor for any Horfe, Cattle, or Bealt, drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Calalh, Chair, or Paffenger on Horfeback, going to or returning from any Eledtion of a Knight or Knights of the Shite to ferve in Parliament for the faid Counties of Lincoln and Nottingham, or either of them, on the Day or Days of fuch Eledtion, or on the Day before or Day after fuch Eledtion fhall begin or be concluded; and if any Perfon or Perfons [Lee. & Per.~\	4	T	fhall

350

Statute Labour.

48* GE ORGI I. III. Cap. 25.

fhall, in any fraudulent or collufive Manner whatfoever, claim and take Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforefaid, not being entitled to the fame, every fuch Perfon (hall forfeit and pay for every luch Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof fhall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety fhall be applied for the Purpofes of the find Aft and this Aft.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That all Petfons who by Law are or fhall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or fhall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the Paid Roads, or any Part thereof, fhall dill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore ■, and it (hall be lawful for any Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the County of Nottingham, or for the Liberty of Southwell, within the fame County, and they are hereby required, and empowered, upon Application made to them by the Laid Truftees or any Five or more of them, or by their Treafurer, Clerk, Surveyor, or by their Order, yearly, to adjudge and determine what Part or Portion of the Statute Work (hall every Year be done upon the faid Roads by the Inhabitants of the n-fpeftive Parilhes or Places in which the faid Roads do lie; and alfo what Pro. portion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch Parifh or Place in lieu of or as a Compofuion for fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, fhall be by him, her, or them, paid to the faid Truftees, or to their Treafurer or Treafurtrs v and in order thereunto it (hall be lawful for fuch Juftices, from Time to Time, to fummon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every fuch Parifh or Place, to bring in Lifts before fuch Juftices ac I'ome Place to be exprefled in fuch Summons (within Ten Days after the ferving of fuch Summons) of the Names of the feveral Perfons who within fuch Parilh or Place are by Law fubjeft and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work, diftin-guilhing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwife, and alfo the Amount of the refpeftive Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names (hall be made in fuch Manner, and under fuch Regulations and Reftriftions, as are or may be direfted by any Law or Statute now in force and effeft for the Repairs of the Publick High-waos; and out of fuch Lifts the faid Juftices (hall and may allot, appoint, and order fuch and fo many of the Peifons who (hall appear fubjeft and liable to Statute Work as aforefaid, to do fuch Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the faid Roads as the faid Juftices (hall think reafonable, and the fame (hall be done at fuch Days, and at fuch Time! (not being Hay-time or Harveft) and in fuch Parts of the faid Roads, as the faid Truftees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, (hall from Time to Time order, direft, and appoint; and the faid Juflices (hall and may alfo order and direft the Perfons who, by fuch Lifts, (hall appear to be fubjeft and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition of Statute Work as aforefaid, to pay fuch Proportion thereof as the faid Juftices (hall think proper, to the faid Truftees, or to their Treafurer, at fuch Time or Times as the laid Juftices (hall direft, and in default of Payment thereof the fame (hail and may be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the refpeftive Perfons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the (aid Aft authorized or direfted to be r co ered; and each and every Perfon who (hall negleft or refufe to do fuch Statute Woik as aforefaid, after Notice in Writing given to

or

3Si

48° GEORGII III. Cap.2$-

or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their ufual Place or Places of Abode, for that Purpofc by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, (hall, for every Day of hi', her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horfe or Horfes, Bead or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be fubjed and liable to luch Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, as fuch Perfon or Pcrfons may be fubjed or liable to by any Law or Statute now in force or efftd for the Repair of the Publick Highways; and if any Perfon who (hall come to work as a Labourer, or fhall be Lnt with any Team or Draught to work on the faid Roads, (hall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the faid T'udees, fuch Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and •difmifs the Perfon who fhall be found idle or negligent as aforefaid, and in that Cafe every fuch Perfon fhall be fubjed and liable to the refpedive Forfeitures and Payments as aforefaid as if he had negleded or refuted to come, or fuch Team or Draught had not been lent to work on any Part of the faid Roads, all which Forfeitures fhall be paid to the Treafurer to the faid Truftees, and applied towards amending the faid Roads; and in cafe the faid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of tire faid Pa-rifhes or Places (hall refufe or wilfully negled to give in fuch Lifts as aforefaid, or fhall knowingly and wilfully give in T-dfe and impeded Lifts, every fuch Surveyor fo offending fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That if any Money fhall be paid, or agreed or awarded to be paid for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchafed, taken, or ufed by virtue of the Powers of the (aid Ad and this Ad, for the Purpofes thereof, which (hall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Truft, Executor, Adminiftrator, Hufband, Guardian, Committee, or other Truftee, for and on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot, Feme Covert, or othef Ceftuique Truft, or to any Perfon whufe Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are limited in ftrid or other Settlement, or to any Perfon under any other Difability or Incapacity whatfoever, fuch Money (hall, in cafe the fame (ball amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of Englandxin the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Truftees for executing the faid Ad and this Ad, to the Intent that fuch Money fhall be applied under the Diredion and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fig-nified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way, by the Perfon or Perlons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Purchafe or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the faid Court fhall authorize to be paid, affeding the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affeding other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing fettled therewith, to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents, or Purpofes, or where fuch Money (hall not be fo applied, then the fame (hall be laid out and inverted under the like Diredions and Approbations of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which (hall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trufts, Interns, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which (hall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid, ftood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the

Time

A pplicatiop of Compen-fatian if amounting to tool.

352

Application of Compcnfation if left than tool, ami exceeding aol.

Application where the Money is lefs than iol.

In caie of not making out Titles.

48° GEORG 11 111. Cap. 25.

1 ime of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement fliall be exifting undetermined, and capable of taking efteft; and in the mean Time, and until fuch Purchafe fliall be made, the faid Monty fliall by Order of the faid Court, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the faid Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities ; and in the mean Time, and until the faid Bank Annuities fliall be ordered by the laid Court to be fold for the Purports aforefaid, the Dividends and Annua) Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, fliall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the faid Court, to thePer-lon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be purchafed by virtue of the faid recited Act and this Ad, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if any Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under any Difability or Incapacity as aforefaid, (hall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and (hall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame (hall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entided to Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fo purchafed, taken, or urtd, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cart of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their re-fpeftive Hands, be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-after diretted, or otherwife the fame (hall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Truftees to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Five of the Truftees for executing the faid recited Aft and this Aft (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that fuch Principal Money, and the Dividends arifing thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before diretted, fo far as the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction and Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted. That where fuch Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned, (hall be lels than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fliall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fo purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes of the faid recited Aft and this Aft, in fuch Manner as the faid Tuftees fhall think fit, or in cafe of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then fuch Money fhall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpeftively.

XII.	And be it further enafted. That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money fhall be awarded for the Purchafe of

j t	any

353

4-8* GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

iny Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed by virtue of the faid recited Ad and this Ad, fhall refute to accept the fame, or lhall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes to the Satisfaftion of the faid Trufteti, or anv Five or more of them; or in cale fuch Perfon or Pcrfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money fhall be fo awarded as aforefaid cannot be found, or if the Perfon orPerlons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or difcovered.thenand in every fuch Cafe it (ball and may be lawful to and for the faidTruftees, or any Five or more of them, to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded as aforefaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interfiled in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [deferibing them"} fubjeft to the Order, Con-troulj and Difpofition of the faid Court of Chancerv, which faid Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Perfon or Pcrfons making Claim to fuch Sum orSums or Money, or ar.yParr thereof, by Motionor Petition, fhall be and is hereby empowered, in a fummary Way of Proceeding or other-wile as to the faid Court fhall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the publick Funds, and to order D.ftribution thereof, cr Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpeftive Eftate or Eftates, Title or lntereft, of the Perfon or Pcrfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court fhall feem juft and reafonable ; and the Cafhier or C ifhiers of the Bank cf England, who fhall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whofe Ufe the lame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforelaid.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That where any Queftion lhall arife touching the Title'of any Perfon to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of this Aft, for the PurChafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Eftate, Right, or Title in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed in purfuance of the faid recited Aft and this Aft, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or the Dividends or lntereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perlon or Perfons who lhall have been in Pofteflion of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament', at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Petfon or Perlons, or under the Poficflion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, fhall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to luch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch Pofleffion, until the contrary fhall be fhewn to the Sacisfaftion of the faid Court of Chancery ; and the Dividends or lntereft of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, lhall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it fhall be made to appear to the laid Court that fuch Pofleftion was a wrongful Pofteflion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fucli Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or lntereft therein.

XIV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That where by reafon of any Difabi

\Loc.

ttv or Incapacity of the Perfon orPerlons, or Corporation, en-Per.]	4	U	titled

or, if Perfonj cannot be found. Pur. cha e Money to be paid into the Bank;

Subjeft to the Order of the Court of Chancery on Motion or Petition.

Where any Queltion Hull ari e touching the Title to Money to be paid, the Pei Ions who (ha I be in Poiieflion of the hand, etc. at the Time of fuch Pur. chair, (lull be deemed entitled thereunto according to fuch PoflTcffion, umefs, &c-

The Court of Chancery may order le.ldn.

354

ab e Expences of Pnrchafes to be paid by the Truftee;.

K iding on Fo tpaths, e c.

Suffering Pigs to root up the Road.

Drivers of Carriages not keeping on the lefr Side the Roads when meeting other Carnages, etc.

For paying the Expences of this Aet.

Limitation of Actions.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

titled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed under the Authority of the faid recited Act and this Ad, the Purchafe Money for the fame (hall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament-, to be fettled to the like Ufes, in purfuance of the faid recited Ad and this Ad, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchafes from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of the faid Act and this Ad, or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Court (hall deem reafonable, to be paid by the faid Truft.es out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the laid Ad and this Ad, who (hail from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court (hall dired.

XV.	And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon (ball ride upon any Fo >tway adjoining to the faid Roads, or (ball drive any Horfe or other Cattle, or any S'vine, or any Care or other Carriage thereon, or (h ill ciufe any Damage to be done to fuch Footway; or it any Perfon driving any Pigs or Swine upon the faid Roads (ball fuffer the fame to rooc up and damage the lame or any Part thereof, or the Fences, Hedges, Backings, or Copfe, on either Side thereof; or if any Perfon driving any Coach, Chaife, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, upon the faid Roads, and meeting another Coach, Chaife, Waggon, Cart, or other Carnage, (hall not keep his Carriage on the left or near Side of the faid Roads; or if any Perfon (hall in any Manner wilfully prevent any other Perfon or P rlons from pafling him upon the faid Roads, or the Coach, Chaife, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage under his Care; or if any Perfon lhail make or aflift in making any Fire or Fires commonly called Bonfires, cr lhail fet fire to or let off or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent, or Firework what-foever, on any Part or Parts of the laid Roads; or if any Perfon lhail leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other fuch Carriage, longer than may be necelfary for loading or unloading the fame in, upon, or on the Side of any Part of the faid Roads, either with or without any Horfe or Bead: of Draught harneffed or yoked thereto, every Perfon fo offending (hall for every or any fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XVI.	And be it further enabled. That all the Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and pafling of this A<ft, (hall be defrayed out of the Monies already received, or to arife within or upon Account of the faid Roads, and in Preference to all other Payments whatfoever.

XVII.	Piovided always, and be it further enaffed. That no Aftion, Suit, Profecution, Appeal, or other Proceedings, (hall be commenced againff any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing done in purfuance of this or the faid recited Act, until Twenty-one Days after Notice in Writing (fuch Notice dating the Grounds of fuch A&ion, Suit, Profecution, Appeal, or other Proceeding) (hall have been given by the Perfon or Perlons aggrieved to the Perfon or Perfons againft whom fuch A&ion, Suit, Profecution, Appeal, or other Proceeding (hall be commenced, and alfo to the Treafurer or Clerk to the faid Truftees for the Time being.

6	XVIII.	And

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

XVIII.	And be it farther enacted, That this Act {hall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded,

XIX.	And be it further ena&ed, That this Act (hall commence upon the pafiing thereof, and (hall continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Refidue now to come and unexpired of the Term granted by the faid recited A6t, and from the Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Selfion of Parliament.

355

Publick Act.

Commencement and duration of the Act.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s mod Excellent Majefty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

****S****^*il^*******»***«*************** «*******«»****

Cap. 2 6.

An Aft to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Three Afts of His late and prefent Majefly, for repairing the Road from Tadcajler Bridge within the County of the City of York, to a Place called Hobmoor Lane End.

[14th April r 808.]

WHEREAS an Aft was parted in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majefly King George the Second, intituled.

An Ad to repair the Road leading from Tadcafler Bridge within 1SG.2.C.16. the County of the City of Y ork, to a Place near the faid City called Hobmoor Lane End : And whereas an Aft was parted in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty King George the Third, intituled, An Ad to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Ad made in the Eighteenth Tear of King George the Second, to repair the Iioad leading from Tadcafler Bridge within the County of the City of York, to a Place near thefaid City called Hobmoor Lane End: And whereas an Aft was parted in theThirty-fecond Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An Ad for continuing the Term and 32 enlarging the Powers of Two Ads,puffed in the Eighteenth Tear of the Reign c- ijj" of His late Majefly King George the Second, and the Eleventh Tear of the Reign of His prefent Majefly, for repairing the Road leading from Tad-carter Bridge within the County of the City of York, to a Place near the faid City called Hobmoor Lane End: And whereas the Truflees appointed Trullen f hoc. & Per.]	4 X • in der the Afts

have pro-

11 G.3.C.S3.

■G.y

35&

cceticd in the Execution thereof, but the Expences have increaf-ed, See.

Afts further continued.

Additional

Truilees.

Former Tolls repealed, and new ones granted.

Tolls.

4b# GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

in or by virtue of the faid Acts have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed feveral confiderable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted; which Money Itill remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the faid Road be effeftually amended, widened,-improved, and kept in Repair, unlefs the Term granted and continued by the faid Acts is further continued, and fome of the Powers and Provifions thereof altered, amended, and enlarged; and it is necef-fary that the Tolls thereby granted and continued (hould be increafed : May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enacted by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confer.t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid feveral recited Acts, and all and every the Powers, Provifions, Orders, Matters and Things therein contained (except fuch as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, or as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed), fhall be and the fame are hereby continued in full force, and (hall be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Aft; but fubjeft neverthelefs to the Amendments, Alterations, and Additions herein contained, and which (hall commence and take Efteft at the End of One Calendar Month next after the paffmg of this Aft, and be in Force during the Term hereby continued and granted: And this Aft and the additional Term hereby granted (hall be and are hereby declared to be fubjeft and liable to the Payment of all the refpeftive Sums of Money now due and owing upon the Credit of or on Account of the faid refpeftive Afts; and alfo of fuch other Sum and Sums of Money as (hall or may be borrowed for the Purpofes of the faid Afts or of this Aft, and of all Intereft due and to grow due for the fame refpeftively.

II.	And be it further enafted. That Sir Thomas Vavafsur, Sir Thomas Slingsby, and Sir Henry Carr Ibbetfon Baronets, William Milner, Richard Fountayne Wilfon, John Barlow, D'Arcy Prcjlon, John William Clough, James Walker, Thomas Swann, and Robert Swann Efquires, Robert Stephen Thompfon Clerk, Thomas Shann, John Fearby, and John Fearby the younger. Gentlemen, (hall be and are hereby added to and joined with the Truftees for putting the faid Afts and this Aft in Execution; and the Truftees hereby nominated and appointed, and their Succeffors, together with the Truftees appointed by or in purfuance of the faid recited Afts, (hall be and are hereby fully authorized and empowered to put the faid Afts and this Aft in Execution.

III.	And whereas the Tolls granted by the faid recited Afts of the Eighteenth Year of His late Majefty, and the Eleventh Year of His prefent Majefty, have been found infufficient; be it therefore enafted. That the fame fhall, at the End of One Calendar Month next after the palling of this Aft, be and the fame are hereby repealed, and that inftead thereof the feveral Tolls following (hall or may be demanded and taken upon the faid Road; (that is to fay),

For every Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Landau, Cala(h, Chaife, Chair, Hearfe, Phaeton, Vis-a-vis, Diligence, Caravan or Litter, drawn by Six Horfes or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings; and

drawn

48° G E ORGII III. Cap. 26.	J5.9

drawn by Four Horfes or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence ; and drawn by Three Horfes or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Four-pence ; and drawn by Two Horfes or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Chaife or Chair drawn by One Horfe or other Bead of „ Draught, the Sum of Sixpence:	r,

'**"*'■ For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other fuch Carriage, drawn by Six or more Horfes or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings ; and drawn by Five Horfes or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence; and drawn by Four Horfes or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Thr?e Elorles or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of Eight-pence ; and drawn by Two Horfes or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of Eight-pence; and drawn by One Horfe or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence :

For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule or Afs, laden or unladen and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score; and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Number : And,

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score ; and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Number:

Which faid refpeftive Tolls (hall be and the fame are hereby veded in the faid Trudees; and the fame and every Part thereof (hall or may be demanded, levied, recovered, applied, and difpofed of in the fame Manner, and to and for the fame Ufes, Intents, and Purpofes, as in and by the faid Aids is mentioned and declared with refped to the Tolls thereby granted: a Lighter to Provided always, that in computing the Tolls to be paid as aforefaid for pay as a Cart any Waggon, Wain, or other Carriage having a Cart, commonly called with Two a Lighter, behind the fame, drawn along by being fattened thereto, which 1 01 es’ fhall pafs through any Gate or Toll Bar now or hereafter to be erefted on the faid Road, the faid Cart or Lighter fhall be charged feparately and in addition to the faid Waggon, Wain, or other Carriage, and (hall be con-fidered equal to and pay fuch and the fame Sum of Money by Way of Toll as (hall be due and payable at fuch Gate or Toll Bar for a Cart or other fuch Carriage drawn by Two Horfes or other Beads of Draught.

Not more

IV.	Provided always, and it is hereby ena&ed and declared. That not than Three-

more than Three-fourth Parts of the Tolls herein-before granted (hall be	of

demanded or taken at the prefent Turnpike Gate upon the faid Road near ^ b° t3a|.eu to the Town of Tadcajler. ‘	at the prefent

Bar.

V.	And be it further enaded, That if the full Tolls herein-before autho- if tjle

rized to be taken at the faid Gale near Tadcajler (hall at any Time be taken at the deemed in the Judgement of the faid Trudees to be infufficient for the prefent Gate Purpofes of this Ad, then and in fuch Cafe it fhall be lawful for them the	m‘

faid Trudees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered at any Tndees’may Meeting of Nine, or more of them, to be held for that Purpofe (of which ereft another Meeting Ten Days previous Notice at lead diall be given in fome One or Gate-more Newfpaper or Newfpapers printed in the City of York), to order

and dired an additional Gate or Toll Bar to be built and erected upon .or acrofs the faid Road in fuch Part thereof as they (hall think mod expedient, and alfo a Toll Houfe with fuitabie Outbuildings and Conveniences

11	at

Not more than One-fourth ot the Tolls to be taken at the new Gate. Claufe in the Aft of 18 G. 2. providing that there (hall be no Turnpike Gste within Th-ee Miles of York, repealed.

Manner of Recovery of Tolls.

Two Truf-tees may ad journ a Meeting.

The Clerk to the Truftees may fign the Orders of Adjournment.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 2b.

at or near the faid Gate or Toll Bar: Provided neverthelefs, that not more than the remaining Fourth Part of the full Tolls herein-before granted fhall be demanded or taken at fuch Turnpike Gate or Bar fo to be eroded.

VI.	And whereas in and by the faid Act of the Eighteenth Year of Iiia faid late Majefty's Reigrt, it is enacted and provided, that no Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, and 'l oll Iloufe or Tell Houfes be placed nearer to the City of Turk than Three Miles : And whereas fuch Reftridtion hath been found detrimental to the faid Road; be it therefore further enadted, That the fame fhall immediately, on the palling of this Ad, be and is hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void, to all Intents and Pur-poles whatfoever.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfons, fubjed to the Payment of any of the faid Tolls, or oDany additional Tolls for narrow Wheels, or for Overweight (refpedively impofed by this Ad, or by any other Ad or Ads of Parliament concerning Turnpike Roads), fhall, after Demand thereof made either at the Gate where fuch Toll fhall be ccd-leded, or immediately after palling through the fame, ■ negled or refufe to pay the lame and every or any Part thereof, it (hall be lawful for the Barkeeper or Colledor, or his, her, or their Afliftant or Afliftants, to colled fuch Tolls by himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves, or taking fuch Affiftance as he, fhe, or they fhall find neceffary, and alfo, if neceffary, to follow after and Hop and detain the Horfe, Carriage, or Cattle for which the faid Toll fhall not have been paid, and to feme and diltrain any Horfe or Horfes, or other Cattle, together with their Bridles, Saddles, Gears, Harnefs, or Accoutrements, or a fufficient Part thereof; and if fuch Tolls, and the reafonable Charges of fuch Seizure and Diftrefs fhall not be paid within Four Days'after fuch Seizure and Diftrefs made, the Perfon or Perfons fo feizing and diftraining fhall and may fell the Horfe or Horfes, Cattle, Carriage, or other Things fo feized and diftrained, or a fufficient Part thereof, returning the Overplus of the Money ^if any be) upon Demand, and what (hall remain unfold, to the Owner thereof, after fuch Toils and the reafonable Charges occafioned by fuch Seizure, Diftrefs, and Sale, fhall be deducted; and in cafe the Driver of or Attendant upon any Carriage liable to be weighed fliall pafs any fuch Toll Bar or Gate, and the Engine eredted thereat, before fuch Carriage fhall have been weighed, then and in fuch Cafe it fhall be lawful for the faid Barkeeper or Collector, or his or their Afliftant or Afliftants (having previoufly required the fame to be weighed, and being prepared to weigh the fame), taking fuch Affiflance as he, fhe, or they fliall find neceffary, to follow after and flop fuch Carriage, and to drive and take the fame back to fuch Weighing Engine, and there to weigh the fame.

VIII.	And be it further enadted, That *Two Truftees fhall be a fufficient Number for the Purpofe only of adjourning any Meeting; and that all Orders for Adjournment only may be figned by the Clerk to the faid Truftees at any Meeting of Two or more of the faid Truftees, and when fo figned fhall be deemed and taken to be original Orders, in like Manner as if the fame were under the Hands of the faid Truftees.

IX. And

48® GEORGII III. Cap, 26.	361

IX.	And be it further enafted, That if it (hall happen that there (hall Power to the hot appear at any Meeting of the faid Truftees, to be held under or by .ClcrItw ad‘ virtue of the faid recited Afts or of this Aft, a fufficient Number of 1 'e Truftees to aft or to adjourn, or in cafe the Truftees at any Time afl’em-

bled (hall omit or negleft to adjourn themfelves, it (hall be lawful for the Clerk to the faid Truftees to adjourn fuch refpeftive Meetings; and he is hereby required, by Notice to be inferted in fome One or more Newfpaper or Newfpapers printed in the City of York, or to be affixed on every Turnpike or Toll Gate which (hall be then erefted on the faid Road, at leaft Ten Days before the next Meeting, to appoint the faid Truftees to meet at the Place where the laft Meeting of the faid Truftees was appointed to have been held, at any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month from the Day on which fuch laft Meeting was appointed to have been held, and at the fame Hour of the Day as was appointed for fuch laft Meeting.

X.	And be it further enafted, That if, after any Adjournment of the Power to

faid Truftees or of their Clerk, it (hall at any Time be thought neceffary that 0,ljmT;°)n an earlier Day of Meeting (hould be appointed than the Day appointed by	°

fuch Adjournment, in that Cafe the Clerk to the faid Truftees, upon an when ncccf-Order in Writing ftgned by Five or more of the afting Truftees, although fary.

not affembled at a Meeting, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpofe of fuch Meeting, (hall forthwith give Notice thereof in fome One or more Newfpaper or Newfpapers printed in the City of York, or by Writing to be affixed on every Turnpike or Toll Gate which (hall be then erefted on the faid Road, fuch Notice to fet forth the Time and Place which (hall be mentioned in the Order of the faid Truftees (the Time not to be lefs than Seven Days after fuch Notice), and fuch earlier Meeting (hall and may be held accordingly; and all the Proceedings of the Truftees at all fuch Meetings (hall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in cafe fuch Meeting had been held in purfuauce of Adjournment.

XI.	And whereas the Claufes or Provifions contained in the faid Aft c/ Prefcnt Ex-the Eighteenth Year of His late Majefty’s Reign, for exempting feveral emptions re-Perrons and Things from the Payment of the Tolls or Duties by the faid Pcaled*

Aft granted, have been found to be not fufficiently explicit, and therefore

liable to Mifconltruftion; be it therefore further enafted, That the federal Exemptions in the faid Aft; contained (hall be and they are hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That no Toll (hall be demanded or taken New Ex-for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horfes, employed in carry- emPtions‘ ing or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning after having been carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the fame Day, any Quantity of Stone, Brick,

Timber, Wood, Lime, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the

faid Road, or building or repairing any of the publick Bridges on the fame, or for amending any of the Highways or publick Bridges in the Panfnes or Townfhips through which any Part of the faid Road doth pal's, or in the Pariffies or Townlhips immediately adjoining upon and contiguous to fuch firft-mentioned Pariffies or Townlhips, or any of them; or going or returning for or with any Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw-only, not fold or difpofed of, but palling to be laid up in the Outhoufes or cm the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts,

Carriages, or Horfes, employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty [Lee. O’ Per.]	4 T	to

362

48® GEORGII' III. Cap. 26.

to carry or convey, or returning after having been carrying or conveying* having been employed only in carrying and conveying on the fame Day, any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Huibandry, or any Mould, Dung, Lime, Sullage, Compoft, or Manures employed in Hufbandry for manuring or improving Lands; or for any Plorfes or Cattle going to or returning from Pallure or Watering Places, or-going to or returning after having been fhoed or farried ; or from any Perfon going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worlhip tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or any Day of publick Falling or Thankfgiving appointed by Royal Proclamation ; or attending the Funeral of any Perfon that lhall die and be buried in any of the faid Parilhes; or for any Clergyman going to or returning from vifuing any fick Perfon, or upon other his Parochial or Minifterial Duty; or for any Horles, Cattle, or Carriages of whatever Defcription, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expreffes under the Authority of His Majelty’s Pollmaller General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding fuch Mails or Expreffes, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horfes, Carts, or Waggons, attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them laden with their Arms or Baggage ; or for any Horfe, Mare, or Gelding, furnilhed by or for any Perlons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place of Exercife or of permanent Duty, provided fuch Perfons are in the Uniform of their refpeclive Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps refpeClively, at the Time of claiming fuch Exemptions aforefaid; or for any Horfes, Carts, or Waggons, employed In the conveyance of Vagrants lent by legal Paffes; or for any Horfe, or any Coach, Chaife, or other Carriage, refpectively employed in the conveyance of any Perfon or Perfons who lhall be going to or returning from any Eledlion of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to ferve in Parliament for the faid County of Tork, or a Citizen or Citizens to ferve in Parliament for the faid City of Tork, on the Day or Days of Eledlion, or on the Day before or Day after fuch Eledlion fhall begin or be concluded; and if any Perfon or Perfons fhall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforefaid, or any other Exemptions from Toll granted by this Adi, not being entitled to the fame, or fhall make ufe of any Fraud whatfoever, whereby the Payment of fuch Tolls or any Part thereof fhall be evaded, every fuch Perfon fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings over and above fuch Toll.

Wa ona XIII. Provided alfo, and be it further enadled, That no Toll fliall be &c!Scar™’ing demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horfes Materials for employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or rerepairing turning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only "in carry-m1u« exem it “'g or conveying on the fame Day any Quantity of Stone, Brick, Timber, from'To™1' Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing certain Mills called the Tad-„ n, ticn cajlcr Mills, or the Dams or Weirs thereto belonging; nor for any-Horfe, of*Corn!°&:c. Beaft of Burthen, .Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage laden with or em-grouml at the ployed in carrying Com or Grift to dr from the faid Mills, or any other MilK	Mill now t ree ted or hereaftur ,to:bd erected in’ the Parifhes or To'wnfhips

through which any Part of thc faid Road doth pals, or in any Parifh or Townfhip immediately adjoining ttybn .and Uihtigmoiis to the fihne,'oFariy'

of

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.	363

cf them; Provided always, that the fame Exemption from Tolls fhall not extend to any other Cattle or Carriages than thofe laden with or employed in carrying Corn or Grift, for the Grinding whereof Hire or Moulter fhall be taken at the faid Mills refpe&ively.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further enabled and declared, That Ncttopreju-nothing in this Act contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend to, the Ear' prejudice, defeat, or interrupt tire Right or Claim of the Right Honourable mont^sToll. George Earl of Egremont, to any Toll or Duty paid or payable for or on Account of the palling of Carts and Waggons over and along the Common

or Moor called Tadcajler Low Moor, but that the fame fhall and may be received and taken in fuch Manner and for fuch Purpofes as before the pafTing of this Adt.

XV.	And be it further enadted, That all fuch Truftees as are Juftices of Truftees, be.

the Peace may adl as Juftices in the Execution of this Adi, notwithftand- ing Juftices ine their being Truftees, except only in fuch Cafes where they fhall be of die Peace, perfonally interefted.	as

XVI.	And be it further enadted, That no Mortgagee or Affignee of any Mortgagees Mortgage or other Security, or any Lender of Money upon the Credit of not deemed any of the Tolls granted by the faid former Adis or this Adi, or receiving unqualified. Intereft thereout for the fame, fhall on that Account be deemed unqualified

to adt as a Truftee in the Execution of the faid recited Adis or this Adi.

XVn. And be it further enadted, That in cafe any Difpnte, Suit, or Toll Collcc-Litigation fhall arife touching or in any wife relating to the faid Tolls, the tors compe-Perfon or Perfons appointed to colledl the fame, or any other Perfon or ^esWlt" Perfons adliiig by or under the Authority of the faid Truiieut, fhall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any fuch Difpute, Suit, or Litigation.

XVIII.	And whereas great Injury may be done to the laid Road by Penalty on Farmers or Renters of the Tolls inducing Perfons to travel on the faid Renters of Road, who would otherwife have made ule of other Roads, by receiving ^m^oundint from fuch PeTons a final! and inadequate Compofition for the Tolls of for Over" * Carriages liable to be weighed in refpect of the Tolls for Over-weights ; weight, be it further enadled. That if any Fanner or Farmers, or Renter or Renters of the Tolls of any Turnpike Gate now credted or hereafter to be eredled upon the faid Road, his or their Deputy or Deputies, Agent or Agents, ihall make any Compofition by the Year or otherwife with the Inhabitants of any Town or Place, or with any other Perfon or Perfons, for or in lieu of the Tolls of any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage liable to be weighed at the Engine or Engines eredled or to be eredled upon the faid Road, for and in refpedl of the Over-weight thereof, every fuch Farmer or Renter, Deputy or Agent fo offending, fhall on Convidlion thereof, by Confefllon or upon the Oath of One Witnefs, before any One of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the County of York, or for the City of Tork and County of the fame, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds; and every fuch Farmer or Renter fhall alfo forfeit his or their Contract for renting the Tolls, if the Truftees fhall think fit to vacate the fame, and every fuch Compofition fhall be and the fame is hereby declared to be null and void; and that One Half of every fuch

Penalty

3&4

For prevent, ing Annoyance*.

Finally for riding on Footpaths.

Prrf.ina refiling to pay Penalties, or faring no

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

Penalty or Forfeiture as aforefaid (hall be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to the Surveyor of the faid Road, to be employed towards the Repair thereof; the fame to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons lo convicted, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of fuch Juftice or Jultices as aforeiaid.

XIX.	And be it further enacted. That if any Perfon fhall, without fuf-ficient Caui'e, leave any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, longer than may be neceffary, in, upon, or on the Side of any Part of the faid Road, without ar.y Horfe or other Beaft: of Draught yoked thereto, or to draw the fame; or (hall knowingly or wilfully lay any Sort of Timber, or any Stones, Hav, Straw, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbifb, or orher Matter or Thing wbatfoever. in any Part of the (aid Road, or on the Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Perfon or Perfons (hall draw or caufe to be drawn upon any Part of the faid Road any Tree or Piece of Timber or Stone, otherwife than upon Wheeled Carriages, or (hall fuffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber which (hall be conveyed upon any Wheeled Carriage to drag or trail upon any Part of the faid Road to the Prejudice thereof; or if auy Perfon or Perfons (hall (laughter, finge, feald, or drefs any Bead, SvVine, Calf, Sheep, Lamb, or other Cattle, in or upon any Part of the faid Road; or hew or faw auy Piece of Stone, Wood, or Timber, or bind, make, or repair the Wheel of any Carriage ; or (except in Cafes of Accidents) fhoe, bleed, or fairy any Horfe or other Beaft in or upon any Part of the faid Road; every Perfon fo offending in any of the Cafes aforefaid fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding live Pounds, to be recovered and applied in fuch Manner as is herein-before directed as to the Penalty' upon Collectors of Tolls, or their Deputies or Agents compounding for the fame.

XX.	And be it further enacted. That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall at any Time or Times hereafter travel on Horfeback or in Carriages, or lead or drive any Horfe, Carriage, or Cattle upon any Foot Road or Way-now made or hereafter to be made on the Side of the faid Turnpike Road for the Accommodation of Foot Paffengers going to and from the faid City of York (except only in eroding fuch Foot Road or Way to the Lands and Grounds of any Perfon or Perfons adjoining thereto), and fhall be convicted thereof by his, her, or their own C.onfeflion, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, before any One or more of the Juflices of the Peace for the Weft Riding of the County of York, or for the ( ity of York and County of the fame City, every fuch Perfon fo offending fhall forfeit and pay fuch Sum of Money as fuch Juftice or Juftices of the Peace Hull adjudge, not exceeding Forty Shillings; the fame to be levied and recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every fuch Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of fuih Juftice or Juftices as aforefaid; fuch Forfeitures to be applied in recotnpenfing the Informer, according to the Difcretion of fuch Juftice or Juftices, and in repairing fuch Foot Road or Way; and if there fhall be any Overplus of fuch Forfeitures, the fame fhall be laid out in repairing any Part or Parts of die faid Turnpike Road. 1

XXI.	And be it further enacted, That in cafe the faid Penalties or Forfeitures, or any other Penalties or Forfeitures hereby inflifted or authorized to b« impofed, fhall not be forthwith paid, and in cafe the Perfon or

■	•	Perfon*

48° GEORG 11 lit. Cap. 26,

Perfons refpeftively offending and convicted /hall have no Goods or Chattels within the Jurifdiftion of the Juftice or Juftices of the Peace before whom fuch Conviftion fhall take place, then it fliall and may be lawful for any One or more of fuch Jultices as aforefaid, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to commit fuch Perfon or Perfons to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correction of the faid County of York, or of the City of Turk, as the Cafe may be, for any Time not exceeding the Space of One Calendar Month, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, unlefs fuch Penalty or Forfeiture and all reafonable Charges lhall be fooner paid and fatisfied.

XXII.	And be it further enafted, That upon any further Sum of Money being borrowed by the faid Truftees, at Interelt on the Credit of the Tolls arifing by virtue of this Aft, the faid Tolls, or any Part thereof, fhall and may be alligned or mortgaged by the faid Truftees (or any Nine or more of thern) to the Perfon or Perfons who fhall advance fuch further Sum or Sums of Money, by any Writing under their Hands in the following Words, or any other Words to the like Eft eft ; (that is to fay),

*	T>Y virtue of an Act, pafTed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign

‘ -*-* of His Majefty King George the Third, intituled, An Act [here ‘ fet forth the Title of this A8] we	of the Truftees for executing

‘ the faid Aft and the fcveral Afts therein mentioned, in Confideration of ‘ the Sum of	to	the	Treafurer of the faid Road in

*	Hand paid by A. B. of	do	hereby	grant,

*	bargain, fell, and demife unto the faid A. B. his Executors, Admini-‘ ftrators, and Afligns, fuch Proportion of the Tolls arifing upon the faid ‘ Road, and of the Turnpikes and Toll Houfes for collecting the fame,

*	as the faid Sum of	doth or (hall bear to the whole

‘ Sum due and owing on the Credit thereof, or charged upon the Term ‘ of the faid Aft, to be had and holden from this	Day	of

‘	in	the	Y	ear	of	our	Lord

« for and during the Continuance of the faid Aft, unlefs the fame Sum of «	with	Intereft	at the Rate of

« per Centum per Annum, fhall be fooner repaid and fatisfied.’

And Copies of all fuch Mortgages (hall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for thatPurpofe by the Clerk or Treafurer to the faid Truftees ; and all Perfons to whom any Mortgage fliall be made as aforefaid, or who fhall be poflefled of any Mortgage made by virtue of this Aft or of the faid former Afts, or who fhall be entitled to the Money thereby refpeftively fecured, may from Time to Time, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, Intereft, or Benefit in and to the faid Mortgage, and the Principal and Intereft thereby fecured, to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, by lndorfement or other-wife, in the following Words, or Words to the like Efteft ; (that is to fay),

‘ T Do transfer this Mortgage [or, a certain Mortgage, deferibing the Date

*	-*• and Particulars], with all my Right and Title to the Principal thereby

‘ fecured, and all the Intereft now due and hereafter to grow due on the « fame, unto C. D. of	his Executors, Adminiftrators,

‘ and Afligns. Dated this	Day	of

*	in the Year of our Lord

‘ Witnefs, E. F.’	‘	A.	B.'

£Lec. & Per.]

d. Z

Which

3^5

Goods whenever to levy, the fame to be committed to prifon.

Form of a

Security for Money borrowed.

Form of Security.

Mortgage* to be entered iu Books.

Transfer.

366

Old Mortgage* may be called in, and new ones granted.

Perfons liable to Statute Work chargeable with Repairs of the Road.

48* GEORGII III. Cap.26.

"Which faid Transfer (hall be produced and notified to the faid Clerk or Treafurer, who fhall caufe an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof in the before-mentioned Book or Books, containing the Numbers, Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money therein transferred; for which the faid Clerk or Treafurer (hall be paid fuch Sum as the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, fhall appoint, not exceeding the Sum of Five Shillingsand every fuch Transfer fo regiltered as aforefaid ihall then entitle luch Affignee, his, her, or their Executors, Adminiftrators, and Affigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and fuch Affignee may in like Manner affign or transfer the fame again, and fo toties quoties; and it Ihall not be in the Power of any Perfon or Perfons, except the Perfon to whom the fame fhall be laft transferred, to make void, releafe, or difeharge the original Security, or any Money thereby due, or any Part thereof; and all Perfons to whom any Mortgage or Transfer fhall be made as aforefaid fhall, in Proportion to the Sum or Sums thereby fecured, be Creditors on the Tolls by this Act granted, and on the faid Turnpikes and Toll Houfes, in equal Degree one with another, and fhall have no Preference in refpeft of the Priority of advancing their Money, or the Dates of the Securities.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Truftees, or any Nine or more of them, fhall and may, if thereunto required, receive in and cancel all or any of the Mortgages now Handing out, that were made by virtue of the faid recited A&s or any of therh, and give and execute another Mortgage or other Mortgages, inllead and in lieu thereof refpec-tively, in Manner as herein-before directed.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That all Perfons who by Law are or fhall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or fliall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the faid Road, or any Part thereof, fhall llill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it fhall be lawful for any Two or more Jullices of the Peace for the County or Place in which the faid Road fhall be fituate, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the faid ‘1 rultees, 01 any rive or more of them, or by their Treafurer, Clerk, or Surveyor, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statuie Work Ihall every Year be done upon the faid Road by the Inhabitants of the refpec-tive Parifhes, Townfhips, or Places in which the faid Road doth lie, and alfo what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch Parifh, Townfhip, or Place, in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, Hull be by him, her, or them, paid to the faid Truftees, or to their 1 reafurer or Trealurers; and in order thereunto it fhall be lawful for fuch Juftices from Time to'Time to fummon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every fuch Parifh, Townfhip, or Place, to bring in Lifts before fuch Juftices, at fome Place to be expreffed in fuch Summons (within Ten Days after the ferving of fuch Summons), of the Names of the feveral Perfons who within fuch Parifh, Townfhip, or Place, are by Law fubjeft and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work, diftinguifhing the Nature of the Work to be done, w’hether with Teams or Draughts or otherwife, and alfo the Amount of the reflective Sums to be paid; which Lifts of Names fliall be made in fuch Manner and under fuch Regulations and

Reltriclions

367

48° GEORGII III. Cap;26.

Reftri£t!o«s as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effeft for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of fuch Lifts the faid Juftices ihall and may allot, appoint, and order fuch and fo many of the Perfons who ihall appear fubjeft and liable to Statute Work as aforefaid, to do fuch Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the faid Road as the faid Juftices ihall think reafonable, and the fame ihall be done at fuch Days and at fuch Times (not being Hay Time or Harvell), and in fuch Parts of the faid Road, as the faid Truftees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, ihall from Time to Time order, direft, or appoint; and the faid Juftices ihall and may alfo order and direct the Perfons, who by fuch Lifts ihall appear to be fubjeft and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for Statute Work as aforefaid, to pay fuch Proportion thereof as the faid Juftices ihall think proper to the faid Truftees or their Treafurcr, at fuch Time or Times as the faid Juftices ihall direft ; and in Default of Payment thereof, the fame ihall and may be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the refpeftive Perfons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the faid Aft or this Aft authorized or direfted to be recovered; and each and every Perfon who ihall negleft or refufe to do fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their ufual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpofe, by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, ihall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horfe or Horfes, Beaft or Beafts to be provided by him, her, or them, be fubjeft and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as fuch Perfon or Perfons may be fubjeft or liable to by any Law or Statute in force or effeft for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Perfon who ihall come to work as a Labourer, or ihall be fent with any Team or Draught to work on the faid Road, ihall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, fuch Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and difmifs the Perfon who {hall be found idle or negligent as aforefaid ; and in that Cafe every fuch Perfon fhall be fubjeft and liable to the refpeftive Forfeitures and Payments as aforefaid, as if he had neglefted or refufed to come, or fuch Team or Draught had not been fent to work on any Part of the faid Road ; all which Forfeitures ihall be paid to the Treafurer to the faid Truftees, and applied towards amending the faid Road ; and in cafe the faid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the faid Parifhes, Townihips, or Places, ihall refufe or wilfully negleft to give in fuch Lifts as aforefaid, or ihall knowingly and wilfully give in fall'e and imperfeft Lifts, every fuch Surveyor fo offending, ihall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXV.	And be it further enafted, That if any Money ihall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchafed, taken, or ufed by virtue of the Powers of the faid recited Afts or this Aft, for the Purpofes thereof, which ihall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatiok, or Perfon or Perfons under any other Difability or Incapacity, as in the faid recited Afts or any or either of them is particularly men'ioned, fuch Money ihall, in cafe the fame ihall amount to Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Truftees

executing this faid recited Afts and this Aft, to the Intent that fuch Money

Ihall

A pplieation of Con: pt'nfa-tion where exceeding

aool.

368

48® GEORG 11 III. Cap.26.

fhall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe of the Land Tax, or towards the Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the faid Court fhall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, of affeCting other Lands or Hereditaments (landing fettled therewith to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents, or Purpofes ; or where fuch Money (hall not be fo applied, then the fame (hall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands or Hereditaments, which (hall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trufts, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Lands or Hereditaments which (hall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid, flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement (hall be exifting undetermined and capable of taking EffeCl; and in the mean Time and until fuch Purchafe (hall be made, the faid Money fhall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the faid Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Con-folidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities ; and in the mean Time and until the faid Bank Annuities (hall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the laid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities (hail from Time to Time be paid by Order of the faid Court, to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments, fo hereby directed to be purchafed, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

Application where Com-penfation is lets than lool. and exceed* no I.

XXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enaCled, That if any Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under Difabilitv or Incapacity as aforefaid, (hall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and (hail amount to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame (hall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their rcfpedive Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before direded; or otherwife the fame (hall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Truftees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Five or more of the faid Truftees (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that fuch Principal Money, and the Dividends arifing thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before direded, fo far as the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Diredion or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Applieition	XXVII. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, 1 hat where fuch Money

Moiie ^ lefi	agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned (hall be lels

369

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 26.

than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame (hall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes of the faid recited Acts and this Act, in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them (hall think fit; or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufa and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpeclively.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money {hall be awarded for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed by virtue of the faid recited Afts and this Aft, Ihall refufe to accept the fame, or fiiall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes to the Satisfaction of the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them; or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money Ihall be fo awarded as aforelaid cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled tp fuel} Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or difeovered, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhaJl and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded as aforefaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chaneery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties in-terefted in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments \defcribing tbem~\, fubjeef to the Order, Controul, and Difpofition of the faid Court of Chan-eery; which faid Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, Ihall be and Is hereby empowered in a fnmmary Way of Proceeding, or othenvife as to the faid Court Ihall feern meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Diftribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpeclive Eftate or Eftates, Title or Intereft of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the ftid Court fiiall feem juft and reafonable ; and the Cafhier or Calhiers of the Bank of England, who Ihall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum of Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to luch Perfon or Perfons as Ihall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

XXIX.	Provided always, and be it further enafled, That where any Queftion Ihall arife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of this Act, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Eftate, Right, or Intereft in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed in purfuance of the faid recited A£ts and this A£t, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who Ihall have been in Poffeflion of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Poflfeflion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, Ihall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or

[Lot. & Per.']	5	A	Herditaments,

In cafe of rtqt making out Titles;

Upon any Queftion of Title to the Money fo to be paid, Perfons then in Pofleflion to be deemed entitled thereto.

370

The Court of Clwncery may order reasonable Expences of JPurchafes to be paid by the Truftees.

Application

oi the iVjO-ney.

Publick Aft.

Commencement and Continuance of this Aft

4§*GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

Hereditaments, according to fuch PoffefTion, until the contrary (hall be Ihewn to the Satisfaction of the faid Court of Chancety; and the Dividends or Interell of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, lhall be paid, applied, and dtl’pofed of accordingly, unlefs it lhall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Pofielfion was a wrongful Polfeflion, and that fome other Perfon orPerfoas was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eflate or Interell therein.

XXX.	.Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That where, by reafon of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed under the Authority of the faid recited Acts and this Aft, the Purchafe Money for the fame fhall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes in purfuance of the faid recited Atts and this Act, it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchafes from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of the faid recited Afts and this Aft, or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Court lhall deem reafonable, to be paid by the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the faid Afts and this Aft, who lhall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court lhall direft.

XXXI.	And be it further enafted. That out of the Money already raifed upon the Credit of the faid recited Afts, or out of the firft Monies to be raifed by virtue of this Aft, the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them,, lhall in the firft Place, and in preference to all other Payments whatfoever, pay and difcharge all the Expences and Colts relative to procuring and palling this Aft, together with Interell for the lame, from the palling of this Aft to the Day of Payment thereof; and the Remainder of the Money fo raifed lhall from Time to Time be applied in putting this and the faid recitetj Afts in Execution, and in repaying the principal Monies borrowed and to be borrowed by virtue of the faid recited Afts or this Aft, and the Interell due and to grow due thereupon refpeftively.

• XXXII. And be it further enafted, That this Aft lhall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Aft, and lhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

XXXIII.	And be it further enafted, That the Term granted and continued by the faid recited Afts lhall at the End of One Calendar Month next after the palling of this Aft ceafe and determine; and that the faid Afts and this Aft (fubjeft to the Alterations, Variations, and Additions herein-before contained) lhall from thenceforth commence, continue, and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Sefiion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s inoft Excellent Majefty. 1808,

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

********* s*****************************************

Cap. 27.

An Adi for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Adis of His prcfent Majefty, for repairing and widening the Road from

Beverley by Molefcroft to Kendell Houfe, and from Molefcroft to Bainton Balky in the County of York.

[f^th April 1808.]

WHEREAS an Aft was palled in the Sixth Year of the Reign

of His prefent Majrfiy, intituled, An Ad for repairing and 6G.j. widening the Road from Beverley ly Molelcroft to Kendell Houfe, and from Molefcroft to Bainton Balk, in the County of York:

And whereas an Aft was pafled in the Twenty-feventh Year of His faid Majedy’s Reign, intituled. An A El for enlarging the Term and Powers of an AEI, paffed in the Sixth Tear of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley by Molefcroft to Kendell Houfe, and from Molefcroft to Bainton Balk, in the County of York:

And whereas the Truftees appointed in or by virtue of the faid Afts, have proceeded to put the fame in execution, for which Furpofe they have borrowed confiderable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted and continued by the faid Afts, which Money (till remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the Roads compiized in the faid {Lee. Es* Per.']	5	B	Afts

I



. c. Si.

374	4-81' GEORG 11 III. Cap. 27;

A£h be properly amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, unlefs the Term granted and continued by the (aid lAfls is further continued, and fome of the Powers and Provifions thereof altered, amended, and enlarged ; and it is neceffary tint the Tolls granted by the faid fine recited Adi (hould be increafed •, m iy it therefore pleafe Your Majelty, that it may be enaCtcd ; and be it tnadhd by the King’s moll Excellent IVkjtfty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prelent Paihament affembled, and by ftir'her*eonti Authority of the fame. That the faid Ads, patted in the Sixth and nued	Twenty-leventh	Years	of the Reign of His laid prel'enc Majrtty, and all

and every the Powers, Authorities, Provifions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufcs, Matters, and Things therein refpefbvely contained (except fuch as telateto Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and alfo except fo mu h and fuch Part or Parts thereof as are by this Act varied, aliered, or repealed) fhall be and are hereby further continued for and during the Term hcrein-after mentioned, for the Purpcfe of amending, widening, turning, altering, and keeping in Rrpair the levcral Roads comprized in the faid Afts, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpoies as if the fame were repeated and rc-enaCted in the Body of this Aft, but fubjeft neverthelefs to the Amendments, Variations, Alterations, and Additions herein contained, and which fhall commerce and take cffefl from tne patting of this A.fb, and this Aft, and the additional Term and Toils hereby granted, Hull be fubjeft and liable as well to the Payment of all Money now due and owing on the Credit of the laid Ads, or on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted and continued, and now payable at the fcveral Gates or Turnpikes now ereCted or hereafter to be erected on the faid Roads, as alfo to the Payment of all Sums of Money which ihall hereafter be borrowed for the Purpoies of this Aft, and of the Intercft due aid to grow due for the fame refpedtively.

Additional II. And be it further enafted, That the Honou1 able William Stourton, Truftees. §jr Mark fylafteman Sykes, Sir Charles Hot haw. Sir Francis Boynton, Sir Francis IVo'd Sir Henty Vavafour, Baronets, Sir George IVeod Knight, Richard Arkwright, Peter Acklom, John Bell Doftor in Divinity, Matk Bill, John Bell, Francis BeJ Clerk, Charles John Berkeley Doftor of Pi 1 yfie, Thomas Bowman Cleik, Cornelius Bowman, Robert Bowman, Richard Bethell, Christopher Beihell Clerk, James Bethel!, George BethelI Cl rk. Ifa c Broadley, Barnard Fcord B wes, Betj min Bleydes, Robert Chriftie Bwt n, William Beverley, IVilliam Buttle, William Byafs, Leonard Belt, Robert Baiker Cleik, Rewi nd Crtxtcn Clerk, Jcfeth Coitman Chile, Peter Cotes, Francis Conjlable, Francis Drake Clerk, Robert Der.i-fon, Robert Deaf on th- younger, Jjhn Der.ifn, Peter Denton, Robert Dobfcti Clerk, Henry EHifon, Ruhatd El'lijon, Andrew Eubank Clerk, George Etheringtun, John Elicrington, Robert Elis, John Fleming, Timothy Fyjhe Foord, David Bunon Fowler, John Iox the younger, Cleik, John Gdby Cleik, Henry Gill, William GomarJjaH, Samuel Hall, John Hall, George Hotbam, Thome’s Hud Dodor of Phyfic, James Hartley Clerk, Charles Grimfion, (fwaid Grimjlcn, Hemy Ejtuzide Grimjas;, John Gray, Simon Horn r. John Hart, Will.am Norland, Beaumont Plrttam, Peter JackJon, John J ckfon, Cleik, George Knowslcy, Jaemy Ljter, Richard Savage Lloyd, 7t emas Lecfon, Teavil Leefcn, DigbyLegard, TbmasLce, Robert Ler^hton,Francis Lundy i he younger, Cleik, John Lockivcod,Christopher M*c» bell, Marmaduke Conjlable Maxwell, Joftah Prickelt, Robert Raikes, William

Richardfon,

375

4-8° GEOK G11 III. Cap. 27.

Richard fen, Robert Rigby Clerk, C'brift o'er Sykes Clerk, Fatten Sykes,

Nicholas Sykes, Daniel Sykes, George Sampfon, ‘John Singleton, Lawrence Siephenfon, Nicholas Terre Clerk, James Torre the younger, Henry Meilie, Mervin Vavafour, John IVatts Clerk, Richard Watt, anti Francis Watt, bring qualifies! according to the Direflions of the laid firft recited Aft, (hall be and they are hereby appointed Truftees for executing this Aft; and they together with the Truftees appointed in or elcfted by virtue of the faid recited Afts, lhall be and are hereby declared Truftees for putting the fame and this Aft into Execution.

III.	And whereajby the faid Afts no Toll can be demanded and taken Granting *

for any Coach, Chariot, Calafli, Chail'e, Chair, or other fuch Carriage ^e^oI[^n drawn by Three Horl’es; be it therefore tnafted, That from and after the Carriage* palling of this Aft, there fliallbe demanded and taken, before any Coach,	f

Chariot, Calafh, Chail'e, Chair, or other fuch Carriage ihall be permitted to pafs through any Gate or Turnpike now erefted or hereafter

to be erefted on the faid Road or any Part thereof, fuch l olls as the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them lhall fromTime to Time appoint, not exceeding the Sums herein-afier mentioned ; (that is to fay).

For every Four wheeled Coach, Chariot, Calalh, Chaife, Chair, or other Toll.

fuch Carriage, drawn by Three Horfes, the Sum of One Shilling.

Which faid Toll hereby granted (hall be and the fame is hereby veiled in Toll veiled i* the faid Truftees for executing the faid Afts and this Aft, and the fame Truftees. and every Part thereof lhall be collected, levied, recovered, paid, applied, afligned, and difpofed of, in luch and the fame Manner, and by luch and the fame Ways and Means, and with fuch Powers, P/ovilions, Remedies, and Reftriftions, as are coritained in the faid recited Afts or either of them refpefting the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken.

IV.	And be it therefore enafted, That the faid Truftees or any Nine or p°werto re-more of them, at any Meeting to be held for that Purpofe may, and andraifcthem they are hereby authorized and empowered to leftcn or reduce the Toll again if necef-hereby granted, and to order fuch Toll fo lrffened or reduced to be col- fer}r‘ lefted and received in fuch Manner, Parts, and Proportions as they fhall

think fir, fo that fuch Reduction be no Prejudice to and be with the Confent of Five-fixth Parts in Value of the feveral Pcrfons who lhall have advanced any Money on the Credit of the faid Tolls at the Time of making fuch Reduftion ; and the faid Truftees or any Nine or more of them may and they are hereby authoiized and empowered toraife the faid Toll again or any Part thereof, fo that the lame do not exceed the Toll hcrein-before granted ; and fuch Toll fo reduced and railed again (hall be collected, levied, recovered, paid, and applied in fuch and the fame Manner as the Tolls by the laid Afts granted and continued arc direft-eu to becollcfted, levied, tecovered, paid, and applied.

V.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Truftees fhall and may Tower to con-and they are hereby authorized and empowered to continue all or any of ^ the Gates or Turnpikes now erefted in, upon, or acrofs, or by the Sides of erect \dd'u the faid Reads, and to caufe to be erefted and fet up fuch Number Hon*1 Gate*, of other Gates or Turnpikes in, upon, acrols, or by the Sides of the faid

Roads included in the faid recited Afts and this Aft, or any or either of

them,

37^	4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

them, or in, upon, or acrofs any Lane or Way leading into, out i f, or hear to the fame, and all luch Number of Toll Huufcs, with 'uitabie Ccliveniencies thereto, and to inrlole l'uch Gardens for the laid Toll Houles, as they may think fit, and to ered .fuch weighing Engines upon the Lid Hoads, as they (hall think necefiary; and from Time to T ime to caufe any of fuch Gates, T urnp.kes, Toll Houfes, Buildings, and weighing Engines to be taken down, altered, or removed, as they fhalljudgc proper, and to defray all the Expences thereof by and out of the Monies which lhaO come to the Hands of the faid Truftees by virtue of the fa id recited Adts and of this Adt.

Trufteei not VI: And be it further enadled, That no Truftte (hall adl in the Appoint-to act in the menr of any CErk, Surveyor, Colkdlor, Trealurer, or other Officer, for •6fPOH!cer7nt the Purpolcs of this or the faid recited Adis, unleis he fhall have attended who have not fome Meeting of the faid Truftees in the Execution of this Adi, and lhail Meeting	^ave	tlle Proceedings thereof	within the Space of 1 wo Y>a s next

b	before l'uch Appointment fhall from	Time to l ime be made, any Thing

in the laid recited Adis or this Adt contained to the contraiy thereof in any-wife notwithllanding.

Truftee; rhay VII: And be it further enadled. That all Actions, Suits, Profecutions, fuedhfthe	Informations, Appeals, and other	Proceedings whatfoever to be had.

Name of their	taken, profecuted, or defended by	or againlt the faid Truflees, fh ill be

Trealurer or had, taken, profecuted, or defended in the Name of their Treafurcr or Clerk-, and that no Adi on, Suit, Proceeding, Information. Appeal, or other Proceeding to be had, taken, profecuted, cr defended by or againlt the faid Trullees or any of them, by virtue of this or the faid recited Adts or any of them, lhail abate or be difcor.tinued by the Death or Removal of any luch Treafurcr or Clerk; but that the Trealurer or Clerk for the Time being to the faid Trullees lhail always be deemed the Plaintiff, Prolecutor, Informant, Appcllanr, Defendant, or Refpondent in any fuch Action, Suit, Profecution, Information, Appeal, or other Proceeding as the Cafe lhail be: Provided always, That all and every fuch Trealurer cr Clerk in whole Name or Names any fuch Adtion, Suit, Profecution, Information, Appeal or other Proceeding lhail be had, taken, profecuted, or defended in putfoance of this Adi, fhall be fully reim-burfed and paid out of the Monies arifing by virtue of this or the faid recited Adla, all furh Colts, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event or in conUquence of any luch Adtion, Suit, Profecution, Information, Appeal, or other Proceedings, he or they lhail pay, bear, fultain, expend or be put unto, or become chargeable with or liable for or be fairly entitled to by reafon of his or their being fo made Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, Informant or Informants, Appellanc or Appellants, Refpondent or Refpondents as aforefaid.

Vlil. And be it further enadled, That in cate any Difpute, Suit, or Litigation fhall arile touching or in anywife relating to the faid Tolls or to any other Matter or Thing done in the Execution of this or the faid recited Adis, the Perfon or Ptrfons appointed to collcdl the faid Tolls, or any other Ptrfon or Ptrfons adting by or under the Authority of the faid Truftees, lhail not be incompetent to give Evidence in any luch Difpute, Suit, or Litigation, by reafon of his, her, or their being fo appointed to colledl the faid Tolls, or adling under tbe Authority ot the faid Truftees.

Toll Bar Keepers competent Wlt-neffes-

4

IX. And

480 GEORG 11 III. Cap. 27.	377

IX. And be it further enafted, That from and after the pafling of this 5e,’nr;i'ion3 Aft, all the Exemptions granted and continued by the Lid recited Afts **einp ‘ " (hall ceafe and determine, and that no Toll fhall be demanded tr taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriage', or Horfes, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having betn employed only in carrying or conveying on the fame Day any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the laid Road, or any of the Roads in the Townfl.ips or Parilhes in which any Part of fuch Roads doth lie; or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not fold or difpofed of, but pafling to be laid up or placed in the OuLhoufes, or on ti e Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Waggons, Waits, Carts, Carriages, or Horfes, employed in carrying cr conveying, or g ong empty to carry or convey, or Returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Hufbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Rape, Dull, Soor, Comport, or Manure employed in Hulbandry, for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands ; or for any Hoifes or Cattle going to or returning from Parture cr Watering Pkces, or going to be or returning from being Ihoed or far-ried } or from any Perl’on going to or returning from his proper Parochial Church,Chapel, or other Place i f religious Wortbip, tolerated by Law on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Perfon that (hall die and be buiied in any of the Parilhes in which the faid Roads lie, or from any Clergyman going to or returning from vifiting any fick Perfon, or upon ether his Parochial or Minilterial Duty, on a Sunday, cr on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated ; or for any Horfes, Cattle, or Carnages of whatfoever Defcription, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Exprefles under the Authority of His Majelty’s Port Mafter General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding fuch Mails or Exprefles, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horfes, Carts, or Waggons attending any Soldiers upon their March, or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them ladtn with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Hoifc, Mare, or Gelding fu niflted by or for any Perfors belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry, or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning f om the Place of Exercifr, provided fuch Ptrfons are in the Uniform of their repeftive Corps, and have their Arms, Furnituie, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps refpeftively, at the Time or claiming fuch Exemp nn as aforelaid; or for anv Hoif s. Carts, or Waggons employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants fent by legal Palles; or for any Horle, Cattle, or Beaft drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot,

Calafh, Chair, or Paflfcnger on Horleback going to or returning from any Eltftion of a Knight or Knights of the Shite to ferve in Parliament for the faid County of York, or of a Burgtfs or Burgelfes to lerve in Parliament for thcBorccghof Btvirley, on the Day or Days of fuch Eltftion, cr on the Day before or Day after fuch Eltftion (ball begin or be concluded ; and if any Perfon or Perfons fhall in any fraudulent or colluftve Mannerwhaift'everclaim and takethc Benefit of any of the Exmptionsafore-faid, not beingentitlrd to the fame, every fuch Petfofi fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence ary Sum not exceed>ng Forty Shillings, One \Lcc. Per-2	5	C	Mo	ety

378

Statute Labour.

48° GEORGII ni. Cap.27.

Moiety whereof lhall go to the Inform-r, and the other Moiety (hall be applied to the Purpofes of the faid Adis and this Act.

X. And be it Further enacted. That all Perfons who by Law are or (hall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or (hall be chargeable towards repairing or amending the Roads comprized in the faid Adis or any Part thereof, (hall (till remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it (hall be lawful for any Two or mote Juftices of the Peace for the Town and Liberties of Beverley aforefaid, or for the Eaft Riding of the County of Tor k refptdlively, (the faid refpedlive Juftices aiding only with-in their feparate Jurifdittions) and they ate hereby requited and empowered, upon Application made to them by the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, or by their Trcafurer, Clerk, Surveyor, or by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work (hall every Year be done upon the faid Roads by the Inhabitants of the refpedl ve Parifhcs or Places in which the faid Roads lie, and alfo what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every luch Parilh or Place in lieu of or as a Compofitiun for fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, (hall be by him, her, or them paid to the faid Truftees, or to their Trealurer or Treafurers; and in order thereunto, it (hall be lawful for fuch Juftices from Time to Time to iummon rhe Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch Parilh or Place, to bring in Lifts before fuch Juftices, at fome Place to be exprefied in fuch Summons, (within Ten Days after the ferving of fuch Summons) of the Names of the feveral Perfons who within fuch Parilh or Place are by Law fubjcdl and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work, diftinguifhing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otnerwife, and alio the Amount of the refpedl've Sums to be paid ; which Lifts of Names (hall be made in fuch Manner, and under fuch Regulations and Rcftridlions as are, or may be diredled by any Law or Statute in force and effcdl for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of fuch Lifts the laid Juftices (hall and may allot, appoint, and order fuch and fo many of the Perlons who (hall appear lubjedt and liable to do Statute Work as aforefaid, to do fuch Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the faid Road, as the faid Juftices (hall think reafonable; and the fame (hall be done on fuch Days and at fuch Times (not being Hay-time or Harvcft), and in fuch Paits of the faid Roads as the faid Truftees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors (hall from Time to Time order, diredl, and appoint; and the faid Juftices (hail and may alfo Older and diredl the Perfons who by fuch Lifts (hall appear to be fubjedl and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for Statute Work as aforefaid, to pay fuch Proportion thereof as the faid Juftices (hall think proper to the faid Truftees or their Trealurer, at loch Time or Times as the faid Juftices fhall diredl; and in Default of Payment thereof, the fame (hall ar.d mav be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the refptdlive Perfons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the faid Adis authorized or dirtdled to be recovered; and each and every Perfcn who (hall neglcdt or refule to do fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, afterNotice in Writing given to or left tor him, her, cr them, at his, her, or their lad or ulual Place or Places of Abode for thac Purpole, by any Surveyor to the laid Truftees, (hall for every Day of his,

*	her,

379

4-8d GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

her, 6r their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers,

Team or Team'-, Draught or Draughts, Horfe or IlorfcS, Bead or Beafts to be provided by him, her, cr them, be fubjedl and liable to fuch Pains,

Penalties, and Forfeitures as fuch Perfon or Perfons may be I'ubjedt and liable to by any Law or Statute in force or tffeft for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Perfon who lhall come to work as a Labourer, or lhall befenc with any Team or Draught to wotk on the faid Roads, lhall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, fuch Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and difmifs the Perfon who lhall be found idle or negligent as aforefaid ; and in that Cafe every fuch Perfon lhall be fubjcft and liable to the refpeflive Forfeitures and Pavmt nts as aforefaid, as if he had neglected or refufed to come, or filch Team or Draught had not been lent to work on any Part of the faid Roids; all which Forfeitures lhall be paid to the Treafurer to the laid Truftees, ard applied towards amending the laid Road; and in cafe the faid Surveyor or Surveyors cf the Highways for any of the faid Parilhes or Piacec, (hall rrfufe or wilfully negledl to give in fuch L'lts as afo^era'id, or lhall knowingly and wilfully give in falfe and impelled Lifts, every fuch Snfveyor I'o otfendmg (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XL And be it further enabled, That if any Money Hull be paid oragreeu Application Or awarded to be paid lor the Purchafe of any Land', Tenements, or Harrditaments, purch fed, taken, or ufed by virtue of ihePowers of the cecjin/xool. L x A ds and ih s Ad, for the Purpofes thereof, which lhall belong to any B. dy Politick, Corpura e or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Truft,

Execut'd!-; Adiiiiniftrator, Hufband, Guardian, Committee, or other Truft.-e fc- 'afid on Behalf of any 'Infanr, Lunatick, Idiot, Feme Covert,

‘or uth’d Ccftuique T uft, pr to any Pcrlons whole Lands, Tenements, or Tfefeditaniciits are limited in ftrid or other Settlement, or to any Perfon under any Diiability or Incapacity whatfoever, luch Money (hall, in cate ihe fame (hall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds,

With all donvenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General cf the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, ex paiti the Truftees for executing the faid Ads and this Ad, to the Intent that fuch Money fhrll be applied, under the Diredion and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be figntfied by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a fummary Way by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Dil-charge of any Debt or Debts, or fucti other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the faid Court (hall authorize to be paid, affedwg the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affeding other Land', Tenements, or Hereditaments {landing fettled therewith, to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents or Purpofes; or where fuch Money fhall not be fo applied, then the fame fhall be laid out and invefted under the like Direction and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which lhall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon Tech and the like Ufes, Trulls, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the lame Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which lhall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid, flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement lhall be cxifling, undetermined, and capable of taking Effe£l;

and

.3®°	48*	GEORGII	III.	Cap.	27.

and in the mean Time, and until fuch Purchafe (hall be made, the faid Money (hall, by Order of the faid Court, upon Application thereto be inverted by the faid Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the faid Bank Annuities (hall be ordered by the (aid Court to be fold for the Purpcfes aforefaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities (hall, from Time to Time, be paid, by Order of the.faid Court, to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be purchafed by virtue cf the faid recited Acts and this Act, in cafe fuch Putchafe or S.ttlemenc were made.

AppHcatioiy XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if any Money, tion inef" 1 f° agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Here-than »ool. ditaments purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purports aforefaid, and “j| eXce'dlng belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforefaid, (hall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and fhall exreed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Carts the fame (ball, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons, for the Time being, entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken,or ufed,or of his, htr, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy, IJiotcy, or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpeftive Hands, be paid into theBank of £»j>7a»i,iniheName and with the Privity of the Lid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereimbefjre direfttd ; or otherwife the fame (hall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Truftees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Five ot the Truftees for executing the faid recited Afts and this Aft, (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in o der that fuch Principal Money, and the Dividends arifing thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before direfted, fo far as the Cafe may be applicable, without obtaining, or bting required to obtain, the Direftion and Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Application XIII. Provided alfo, and be it enafted, That where fuch Money, fo UoififTtfs"1*	agTeccl or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, fha 1 be lefs than

thaa »oi.	Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cales, ihe fame (hall be applied to

the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and 1'iofits of the Lards, Tenement', cr Heiediiannms fo purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofcs or the laid recited Afts and this Aft, in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees (hall ihink fit; or in cafe of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then fuch Money flidl be paid to his, hrr, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and tor the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refptftivcly.

In cafe of not XIV. And be it further enafted. That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons making out	t0 whom any Sum or Sums of Money (hall be awarded for the lJu>-

llt,es’	chafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed by

virtue of the faid recited Afts and this Ail, (hall refute to accept the fame, or fna.'l not be able to make a good Title to the Premiles, to the

Satisfaction

3»i

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 27.

Satisfaftion of th faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them; or in calc fuch Perlon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money (hall be lb awarded as aforefaid cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons enorled to fuch Lands, Tenement', or Hereditaments, be not known or difeovered, then and in every fuch Cafe, it fhal) and miy be lawful to and for the laid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, to order the laid Sum or S"tns of Money fo awarded as aforefaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Piivityof the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the C edit of the Parties interefted in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, \_defcr\bing them] fubjrft to the Order, Controsl, and Difpofttion of the laid Court of Chancery; which faid Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to lech Sum or Sums of Money, or any Parc thereof, by Motion or Petition, (hall be, and is hereoy empowered, in a fumrnary Way of Proceeding, or otherwife, as to the lame Court fhall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and invefted in the Publick Funds, and to order D ftribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according co the relpeftive Eltate or Eftates, Title or Intereft of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court (hall feem juft and reafonable j and the Calhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England who (hall receive fuch Su,m or Sums of Money is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipt for luch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whole Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perlon or Perfons as (hall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That where any Qneftion (hall arife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be pan) into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Pr.vity of the Accoumaut General of the Court of Chancery, in purfu-ance of this Aft, for the Purchafeof any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament', or of any Eltate, Right or Intereft in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchaku in puriuance of the faid recited Afts and this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or the Dividends or Intereft of any luch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Pci Ions who fhall have been in the Poffeflion of fuch Lands, Tenements, 01 Hereditaments at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perlons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perlons, or under the Poffeflion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, fhall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch Pofleflion, until the contrary (hall be fh*wn to the Satisfaction of the faid Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, lhall be paid, applied and difpofed of accordingly, unicls it lhall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Poffeflion was a wrongful Puffrffion, and that fume other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to luch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to lome Eftate and Intereft therein.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That where, by reafon of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation e .titled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed under

[Loe. & Per.']	5	D	the

Where any Queftiou (hall arife as to tb* Title, the Perfon in Pof-fetlion lhall be deemed entitled to the pm chafe Money.

The Court of Chaeery may-order reaf na-ble Fxpence* of Purchalcs to be paid.

jC2	48*	GEORGII III. Cap.27.

the Authority of the faid recited Acts and this Adt, the Purchafe Money for the fame (hall be requiied to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to he applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be fr ttled to the like U(Vs in purfuance of the laid recired Adis and this Act, it (hall and may be lawful to and lor the Lid Court of Chancery to order the Expenecs of all Pureh-Ues from Time to Time to be made in purluance of the faid Adis, and this Act, or fo much of luch Expei'ces as the faid Court (hall deem reafonable, to be paid by the laid Truftets, or any I-'ive or more of them, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the laid Acts and this Adt, who fhali from Time to Tunc pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpoles as the laid Court lhall direct.

theVx1 ences 3CVJI. And be it further enadled, That all the Charges and Expenccs of this Act. incident to and attending the obtaining and palling cf this Act, lhall be defrayed out of the Monies already received, or the Fiift Monies which fhali arife or be received by virtue of the laid Adts or of this Adt, in preference to all other Payments whatfoever ; and that after Payment thereof the Tolls authorized to be colledfed by the faid recited Acts and this Adt fhali during the Continuance of the Term hereby granted be and remain iubjedt and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing, and which fhali cr may hereafter be burrowed and become due on the Credit of the faid Tolls, and of all Intereft due and to grow due reipectively.

publickAct.	XVIII. And be it further enadled, That this Adi lhall be deemed and

taken to be a Publick Adi, and fhali be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpeciaily pleaded.

Commerce XIX. And be it further enacted. That the Term granted and con-ment ami tinued by the faid recited Adis (ball upon the parting of this Adi of°ActUanCe cea^c an^ dettrnfine, and that the faid Adis (fubject to the Alterations and Additions herein-before contained) and this Adi, lhall from thence-fonh continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Seffion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majefly. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*********************************** ***********«****'#*

Cap. 28.

An Ad for continuing the Term and altering the Powers of feveral Ads, for repairing the Road from Carlijle to Penriths and from Penrith to Eamont Bridge, in the County of Cumberland.

[14th April 1808.]

WHEREAS an Aft was made in the Twenty-fixth Year of the Reign of His late Majefly King George the Second, intituled.

An An for repairing the Roads from the City of Carlifle to isG. 3. c. 40. the ’Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, and from the faid Town ^Penrith to Eamont Bridge, which divides the Counties of Cumbeiland and Weftmorland: And whereas another Aft was made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An Adi for continuing *9 G. 3-c 9? the Term and altering the Powers of an Atl made in the Twenty-fixth Tear of the Reign of bis late Majefty, for repairing the Road from the City of Carlifle to the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, and from the faid Town of Penrith to Eamont Bridge, which divides the Counti.s of Cumberland and Weftmorland : And whereas another Aft was made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His faid Majefty’s Reign, intituled. An Atl for 33 g. 3. c isj continuing for Twenty-one Tears,0 and from thence to the End of the then next Sejfton of Parliament, the Term. and altering and enlarging the Powers of the Two Adis made in the Twenty-fixth Tear of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Nineteenth l'ear of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the [Lee. (ft Per. J	5	E	Road

3S6

Tei m of former Acts

Continued-

Additional

Truftces.

48° GEORGII III. Cap, 28.

Road from the City cf Carl: Qe to the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, and from the J,aid Town of Penrith, to Eamont Bridge, which divides the Counties of Cumberland and Weftmorland : And whereas the Truftees for the Care of the faid Roads have proceeded in the Execution of the faid Adis, and have borrowed feveral Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted ; which ftill remain due and cannot be paid off, and the faid Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unlefs the Term of the faid Acts be further continued, and fome of the Powers thereof altered and enlarged ; may it therefore pleafe Your Ma-jefty, that it may be enadled; and be it enadted by the King’s molt Excellent Majefly, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority cf the fame. That the faid recited Afts, and thtf feveral Claufes, Tolls, Powers, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things, therein contained, and which are now in force (except fuch as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and alfu fuch as are hereby varied or altered) and alfo this prefent Aft, fhall be and are hereby declared to be in full Force and Effedt, and (hall have Continuance for and during the further Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effeftually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame were herein particularly in-ferted, repeated, and re-enafted, but fubjeft neverthelefs to the Amendments, Alterations, Variations, and Additions herein contained ; and that this Aft, and the additional Term hereby granted, (hall be fubjeft and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing, or which thall be borrowed on the Credit of the faid recited Afts and this prefent Aft, and of all Intereft due and to grow due thereon rtfpeftively.

II.	And be it further enafted, That John Armstrong Clerk, Matthew

Atkinfon, John Beck, Jofeph Bell, William Birbeck of Penrith, Robert Bird, Edmond Blair, IVilliam Bleaymirc, Thomas Dobfon Bleaymire, George B/eay-mire, Thomas Bonsfidd, John Bowman, Thomas Brougham, James Brougham, Robert Carmalt, Joj'epb Cooper, George Dixon of Calthwaitc, George Dixon of Humphrey Clcfe, Jofeph Dykes, Balantine Dykes, Richard Ellwood, Jonathan Fallcwfield, James Graham of Edmond Caftle, Thomas Graham and William Graham alio cf Edmond Caftle, James Graham of Barrack Lodge, Samuel Hall, John Lawrence Iiarrifon, Thomas Harrijon, Anthony Harrifon, John Hindfon, John Hodgfon, Thomas Hutton, John Jamefon, Richard Jamefon junior, Solomon Lewthwaite Clerk, Richard Lowrey, John Martin-dale, Jofeph Martindale, George Martindole, Chdjtopher Marie /, John Marvell, Robert Mounfey, George Stephenfon Mcurrfey, Thomas Murtbwaite, Humphrey Nelfon, Henry Oliphant, John Powley, Anthony Pr Jlon, Thomas Ramjhay, John Rebanks, George Remington, Jackfon Roper, James Sal nond, James Clarke Salter tbwaite, Thomas Scott, Wilt am Sijjon, Leonard Smith, John Stagg, Jofeph S udholme, WilliamThompjon, Edmond Wallis Clerk, Roger IValmeJley, John Wells, John Wells junior, John Wordfworth, and Richard Wordfworth (being qualified according to the Direftions of the faid recited Afts) (hall be, and they are hereby appointed Truftees, and (hall be added to and joined with the Truftees appointed by or in purfuance tf .he faid recited Afts fo" putting the faid recited Afts and. this Ad into Execution, as fully and efteftually, to ail Intents and Purpofes, as if they had been originally appointed Truftees in and by the laid recittd Afts, or any of them.

III. And

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

III.	And be it further enadled, That it (hall and be lawful for the faid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and required to caufe to be built and eredled Four Toll Houles, and like-wife Four Turnpike or Toll Gates, upon and acrofs the laid Road, One of fuch Toll Houfes and Toll Gates IhaM be eredted at the Foot of Bot-ckergate* another about the Center of the Road at fuch Place as the Ma-jority of the Truftees, who (hall be prefcnt at a publick Meeting to be held for that Purpofe at llejlittt, (in purfuance of a Notice to be affixed upon the Turnpike or Toll Gates which (hall be then (landing upon the laid Road, and be advertifed in fome Newfpaper, printed and publilhed at Carhjle or Wbitebavnat lead Twenty-one Days before fuch Meeting) (hall think fit; another Toll Houle and Turnpike or Toll Gate at Penrith Town Head ; and another at any Place between Eamont Bridge afore-faid and the Road leading to the Village of Carlelan.

IV.	And be it further enadted, That from and after the building the fi,id Toll Houles and Toll Gates, the Tolls granted by the laid recited Ads p fled in the Twenty-fixth Ye.tr of the Reign of his late Majclly King George the Second, and the Nineteenth and Thirty-eighth Years of His prelent Majefty’s Reign, (hall be and the fame arc hereby repealed.

V.	And be it further cnaded. That from and after the building and ereding the faid Four Toll Houfes and Toll Gates, it (hall and may be law'ul to and for the faid Truftees and their Succeflbrs, or any Seven or more of them, or fuch Perlon or Perfons as they or any Seven or more ot them (hail authorize and appoint, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to demand and take at the Toll Gates to be ereded by virtue of this Ad, the Tolls and Duties hereafter mentioned, before any Horfe, Cattle, or Carriage, lhall be permitted to pafs through the fame, the feve-ral Sums at the refpedive Gates following, (that is to (ay);

At the Toll Gate to be ereded about the Centre of the Road:

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaife, Hearfe, or Calalh, drawn by Six Horfes or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings:

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaife, Cala(h, Chair, or Hearfe, drawn by Four Horfes or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence :

For every Coach, Charior, Lant’au, Berlin, Chaife, Calafb, Chair or Hearle, drawn by Two or Three Horfes or other Beads ot Draughr, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Chaife, Calafli, or Chair, drawn by One Horfe, Mare, Gel-ding, or Mule, the Sum of Sixpence :

For every Waggon, Wain, Carr, or Carriage (other than and except fuch as are here'm-before otherwile rated or provided for) drawn by Four Horfes or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence :

For every Hcrfe or other Bead of Draught above Four, drawing therein relptdively, the additional Sum of Sixpence each:

For every Cart or other Wheel Carriage (except as be fore-mentioned) drawn by Three Horfes or Bealls of Draught, the Sum of One Shiilirg, for every fuch Carriage drawn by Two Horfes or Bealls of Draught the

Sun}

^7

T urnpile Gates where to be ere:ted.

Tolls granted by ,6 G. i- Sc 19 ft 38 G j. repealed.

Tolls. *

At the Gate ill the Centre of the Read.

388

At Botcher-gate and Penrith Town, head Gates.

At Eamrnt Bridge and C arleton Gate.

*8* GEORGII III. Gap. 28.

Sum of Eight-pence, and for every fuch Carriage drawn by One Horfe of other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence:

tor every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence :

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten* pence per Score, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, or Swine, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs Number.

At the Toll Gate to be erefted at the Foot of Botchergate, and alfo at the Toll Gate to be erefted at Penrith Tow/ibead.

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaife, Hearfe, or Calafh, drawn by Six Iiorfes cr other Beads of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaife, Hearfe, or Calafh, drawn by Four Horfes or other Beads of Draughr, the Sum of Nine-pence : For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaife, Calafh, or Hearfe, drawn by Two or Three Horfes or other Beads of Draught, the Sum

of Sixpence:

For every Chaife, Calafh, or Chair, drawn by One Hoife, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of Three-pence :

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart or Carriage (other than and except fuch as ate herein-before otherwife rated or provided for) drawn by Four Horfes or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence :

For every Horfe or other Bead of Draught above Four drawing therein refpedively, the additional Sum of Three-pence each :

For every Cart or other Wheel Carriage (except as before-mentioned) drawn by Three Horfes or Beads of Draught, the Sum cf Sixpence:

For every fuch Carriage drawn by Two Horfes or Beads of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every fuch Carriage drawn by One Horfe or Bead of Draught, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen and not drawing, the Sum of One-penny :	<

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs Number : And For every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, or Swine, the Sum of Twopence Halfpenny per Score, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs Number:

And at the Toll Gate to be erefted between Eamont Bridge and the Road leading to the Village of Cjrieton:

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaife, Hearfe, or Calafh, drawn by Six Horfes or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaife, Calafh, or Hearfe, drawn by Four Horfes or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny :

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaife, Calafh, or Hearfe, drawn by Two op Three Horfes or cthtr Beads of Draught, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Chaife, Calafh, or Chair, drawn by One Horfe, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny :

For every Waggon, Wain, Carr, or Carriage (other than and except fuch as are herein-before otherwife rated or provided for) drawn by Four

Horles

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 28.

389

Horles or other Be-fts of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny :

For every Ilorfe or other Bead of Draught above Four drawing therein, refpeftivcly, the additional Sum of One Penny Halfpenny each:

For every Cart or other Wheel Carriage (except as before mentioned) drawn by Three Horfes or Beads of Draughr, the Sum of Three-pence ; and for every fuch Carriage drawn by Two Horfes or Beafts of Draught, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every luch Carriage drawn by One Horfe or Bead of Draught, the Sum of One Penny :

For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Halfpenny:

For eveiy Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Twopence Halfpenny per Score, and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, or Swine, the Sum of One Penny Farthing per Score, and fo in proportion for a greater or lefs

Number:

Which faid refpeftive Sum and Sums of Money fhall be demanded and taken in the Name of or as Tells or Duties; and the Money fo to be railed and collected as afcrtfaid fhall be and is hereby veded in the faid Trudees; and the fame and every Part thereof fhall be paid, applied, and difpefed of, in fuch and the fame Manner, and for fuch and the fame Ufes, Intents, and Purpofes, as the Tolls direfted to be raifed and paid by the faid firft-recited Aft ait directed to be paid, applied, and difpofed of; and the faid Trudees, or any Seven or more of them, fhall and may ufe and exercife all and every the Powers and Authorities for the recovering and levying the Tolls and Duties hereby granted, and every Part thereof, as are given and authorized in and by die faid recited Afts or either of them.

VI.	And be it further enafled, That from and after the- palling of this General Aft the Exemptions granted by the faid recited Afts fhall be repealed ; Exemption*, and that no Toll fhall be demanded cr taken for any Waggons, Wains,

Carts, Carriages, or Horfes employed in carrying or conveying only, or going empty to carry or convey only, cr returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been em; loyed only in carrying or conveying on the fame Day, any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials, for repairing the laid Roads, or any of the Roads in the Town-fhips or Parishes in which any Part of the laid Roads lie,or any Hay,Straw, or Corn in the Sttaw only, not fold or difpofed of, but palling to be laid up or placed in the Oudtoufes, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Waggons, Wains, Carrs, Carriages, or Horfes, employed in carrying or conveying only, or going empty to carry or convey only, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Huf-bandry, or any Mould, Dang, Lime, Marl, Sullage, Comport, or other Manure, employed in Hufbindry for manuring or improving Land, or any Stone, Bricks, or other Materials for draining Land, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Land, or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horfes employed in carry-

[Lcr. Cs? Per.']

SF

mg

39©

ill T

Carriage* re turning with Coala to be Toll free.

4.8* GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

iog qr conveying only* Or going empty to carry or convey only, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Brick, L;me, Stone, Piaifter, Timber, or other Materials to be uJ'ed for building or repairing any Church, Chapel, Houle, Outhoufe, Barn, Stable, or Hovel, within the lame Parilh where fuchBricks,Lime,Stone^Plaifter,Timber,cr other Materials, fhall be made, got, or cut down y or for any Hoyles or Cattle going to or returning from Pallure or Watering Places, or for any Horfes going to be or returning from being Ihod i or from any Perfon going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Wor-fhip tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Peifdn that Ihall die and be buried in any of the laid Parilhes \ or from any Clergyman going to or returning from vtliting any lick Perfon, or upon other his Parochial or Minifterial Duty on a Sunday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated ; or lor any Horfes, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatever Delcrip-tion, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expreffes under the Authority of His Majefty’s Poftmaliei General, cither when employed in conveying, guarding, or fetching fuch Mails or Ex-prefies, or in returning back from conveying the fame ; or for any Hor.es, Carts, or Waggons, attending upon Soldiets upon their March or upon Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage, or for any Horfes fumilbed by or for any Perfons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for or on the Days of nxer-cife, provided that fuch Perfons be dreffl-d in the Uniform of their refpec-tive Corps, and have the Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps refpeSively at the Time of claiming fuch Exemption ; or for any Horlcs, Carts, Waggons, or other Carriages, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants lent by legal Paffes; or for any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calalh, Chair, or other Carriage, or for any Horfe or other Bealt conveying any Perfon or Perfons to or from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to ferve in Parliament for the County of Cumberland, during the Time of fuch Election, or on the Day before or Day after fuch Eledion fhall begin or be concludedj and if any Perfon or Perfons lhall, in any fraudulent or collufive Manner whatfoever, claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Aft granted, not being entitled to the fame, every fuch Perfon fhall forfeit and pay, for any fuch Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof lhall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety lhall be applied to the Purpofes of this Aft.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That the Owner or Driver of any Cart, Wain, Waggon, or other Carriage, going from the Town of Penrith and the Neighbourhood thereof, for the Purpofe of fetching Coals for the Ufe of the Inhabitants of the Paid Town and Neighbourhood, fhall, on producing a Ticket, fignifying his having paid Tall the preceding Day for the fame Cart, Wain, Waggon, or other Carriage, be permitted tore-pafs with fuch Carriage through each of the laid Turnpikes or Toll Gates upon the Paid Road Toll-free.

Villi And

7

4S* GE0RG1I III. Gap. a8.

VIII.	And be it further enadled, That all Pcrfon and Perfons who fhali carriages carpal's or repals through the faid Turnpike or Toll Gate to be eredled at the ny "f on°Mar-Foot of Botchergate, on Carlijle Maiket Days, on Horfebatk, or with a kctmysto Cart or Carts, and carrying Provifions only, to Carlijle Marker, and who ex*cropVfaw» fhali not travel more than One Mile upon the faid Turnpike Road ; and Tolls.

atfo all Perfon and Perfons who (hall pafs and rep.fs through (he faid Turnpikes or Toll Gates to be eredled at Penrith Townhtad, and between Earnout Bridge and the Road leading to the Village of Carlcton, upon Horfeback, or with a Cart or Carts, and carrying Provifions only to Pen* ritb Marker, and who (hall not travel more than One Mile upon the faid Turnpike Road, (hall not be charged with or liable to pay any of the Tolls or Duties aforelaid, f jr any fuch Horfes or Carts •, and it is hereby declared that Saturday and tVednefday only in each Week (hall be copfidered or allowed to be Carlijle Maiket Days, and Tuefday and Saturday only in each Week Penrith Market Days.

IX.	And be it further enadled, That all Meetings of the faid Truftees, Meeting* of for the Purpofe of carrying this Adi and the laid recited Adis into theTruitee*. Execution, (hall be held at Carlijle and Penrith alternately and in rotation.

X.	And be it further enadled, That the Claufe in the faid recited Adi claufein paffed in the Twentytfixth Year of the Reign of His late Majefly King repealed, George the Second, which directs, that it (hall and may be lawful to and

for the faid Truftees to eredl One or more Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, Toll Houle or Toll lioufes, on the Side or Sides of the faid Roads, and acrofs any Lane or Way leading out of the fame, and fo as no fuch Side Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, be eredled within One Mile of the faid City of Carlijle, or within One Mile of the faid Town of Penrith, (hall be and the fame are hereby repealed.

XI.	And be it futther enadled. That it (hall and may be lawful for the Turnpikes to Tiullees appointed by virtue and in purfuance of the faid recited Adis [heSdes0^ and of this Adi, or any Nine or more of them, and they are hereby au- Roads, tnorized and required to caufe fuch Turnpike or Toll Gates to be eredled

upon the Sides of the faid Roads, acrols any Lints or Ways leading into the fame, as they (hall think proper, and alfo aTollHoufe adjoining or near to every fuch Turnpike, and from Time to Time to remove or alter the fame, as they (hall think meet or expedient; and fuch Tolls (hall be demanded and taken at fuch refpedlive Side Gates, before any Horfe,

Cattle, or Carriage, (hall be permitted to pafs through the fame, as are hereinbefore diredted to be demanded and taken at the Toll Gates to be eredled at Botchergate and Penrith Tcwnbiad.

XII.	And be it further enadled. That from and after the palling of this Leafi:*

Adt all Demifes, Lcafes, and Agreements for Leafes of the Tolls granted vacated, by the faid recited Adis, (hall ceafc and be void •, and the faid Truftees,

or any Nine or more of them, (hall and may, and they are hereby required to make a fair and juft Compenlation and Satisfadlion to the prelent Lfcffee or Ltffees of the laid Tolls for the Lofs or Damage which he, (he, or they (hall luftain thereby ; and fuch Compensation and Satisfaction (hall and may be recovered by fuch Leffce or Ltffees from the faid Truftees, in cafe of Refufal to make tne fame on Demand made to their Clerk or Treafurer,

392

Powerto fence off Parts of

Koad leading over open Oiound.

Power to pur-chafe Lands.

Purchafes may be made of Bodies Politic and others, difabled from conveying.

Value of Land »o be aleer-tained by a

Ju.y.

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap.18.

by Ailion of Debt or on the Cafe, in any of Hfs Majeftv’s Courts of Record at fVeftminfUr.

XIII.	And whereas fome Pans of the faid Road lead over open

Grounds, and the Payment of the Toils hereby granted, may by reafon of the Width thereof be avoided j be it therefore ensiled, That the faid Truftees, or anv Nine or more of them, hi ll and may caufe to be fenad and ditched off fuch Parrs of the laid Open Grounds ts they (hall think neceflary, in order to prevent the Payment of the faid Trails being avoided.	*	«

XIV.	And be it further enailed, That for the Purnofe of widening, turning, diverting, altering, and improving the faid Road», it (hall be lawful for the Lid T’uftees, or any Nine or more of them, to contrail and agree with the Owners and Proprietors and other Perfons intertlKd in any Lands or Grounds lying convenient lor that Purpofe, for the Pur. chafe of fuch Lands or Grounds, or for the Damage which may be fuf-tained by luch widening, turning, diverting, or altering any Parr of fuch Roads, and to pay for the fame, and the Exptnces of fuch Purchafe and Agreements, out of the Tolls bv this Ait granted, or out of any Money to be borrowed on the Credit thereof.

XV.	And whereas it may happen that fome Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Tail, or for any other particular Eftate or Interett, Femes Covert, Truk tees, Guardians, Feofftes in Trull, Committees, Executors, Admmiftra-tors or others, who are or may be frifed or pofleffed of Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments, which may by the faid Trultees be thought neceflary or proper to be taken in and added to the faid Roads, for turning, widening, diverting, altering, or improving the fame; be it therefore furrher enailed, That it lhall and may be lawful to and for all B.idles Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Tail, or for any other particular Eftate or Intereft in Poffeflion, Femes Covert, and their Hulbands, Truftees, Guardians, and Feoffees in Trull, Executors, Adminiftrarors, Committees, and Tiuftees whatfo-ever, not only for and on Behalt of themfelves, their Heirs, and Succef-fors, but alfo for and on Behalf of any In'ants, Lunatic*, or Ctjiuique Trulls, and for all and every Perfon or Pirlons whomfoevrr who are or lhall be feiled or pofftfied of or ir.terefted in any fuch Lands, Grounds, or Hiredicaments, to trear, contrail, and agre with the faid Trull-e*, or any Nine or more of them, for the Sale of fuch Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, for the Purpoles afortfaid, and to fell and convey the lame as Occafion lhall be or require ; and all Con-trails. Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances which lhall be f;> made, (hall be valid to all Intents and Purpofcs, any Law\ Statute, Ulage, or any other Matter or Thing to the contrary thereof in anywile noiwith-ltanding.

XVI.	And be it further entiled. That if any fuch Body Politic or Corporate, or other Owners of or Perfon or Perlons interrfted i i any fuch Lands or Grounds as afore faid, or any futh Feoffees in Trull, Executors, Adminillrators, Guardians, or other Truftees, lhall refufeto trear, or lhall not agree for the Sale of any fuch Lands or Grounds, or for their Inter eft

therein,

393

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 28.

therein, o' by reafon of Abfence fball be prevented from treating, the faid Truftees (hall, within Ten Days at lead before any General Quarter Sef-fions of the Peacfc to be holden for the faid County of Cumberland, caufe Notice in Writing to be given to fuch Owners or Perfons interefted, Feoffees, Executois, Admmiilrators or Guardians, and other Truftees r< fptft.vrly, or to the piincipal Officer of any fuch Body Politic or Corporate, 01 to be left at the Houfe of the Tenant in Poffrffion of the Lands or Giounds intended to be purchafed, purporting that the Value thereof will be adjuftrd and letded by a Jury at the faid Seflions, then and in every fuch Cafe the Judices at luch Seflions, upon Proof made to them of fuch Notice having bem given or left as aforefiid, are hereby authorized and required to cnarge the Jury which (hall attend at fuch Seflions, or fome other Jury ot Twelve honed Men to be there impannelled and returned by the Sheriff of the laid County, whhout Fee or Reward, and caufe them to be Iworn well and truly on their Oaths to afiefs the Value ot the Linds or Grounds mentioned or deferibed in the faid Notice, and the Damages or Recompence to be given for the fame, or fuch Part or Parts thereof as fhall be inten led to be taken and ufed for the Purpofes of this Aft, to the refpeftive Owners and Perfons intereded, according to their refpedtive Interefts therein; and the faidTrudees and all Perlons intereded fball have their lawful Challenges againd any of the faid Jury when they come to be Iworn ; and the faid Jury being fofworn and charged as afoiefaid, and after proper Evidence on Oath to them given (which Oath, and alio the Oaths to the faid Jury, the faid Judices are hereby authorized and required to admmider) concerning the Nature, Quantity, and Value of fuch Lands or Grounds, or iucli Part or Parts thereof as aforefaid, and alfo after having viewed the Place in queftion (if judged necedary by the faid judices in Sedions aflembled, on the Application of the faid Truftees, or any of the Parties interefted) (lull by their Verdift aflefs, declare, and afeertain the Quantum of the Damages and Recompence to be given for the fame to luch refpefti e Owners and Perfons, according to their refpeftive Intercfts therein; and fuch Verdift of the laid Jury fhall be final, binding, and conclulive to the faid Truftees, and to all Perfons and Parties interefted in the faid Lands or Giounds, and the faid Juftices fhall and may award Cofts to cither Party, as in their Difcretion fhall feem mder.

XVII.	And he it further enacted. That all Sums oF Money fo affeffed as aforefaid (hall be and the fame are hereby charged upon the Monies which (hill be collefted or railed by virtue of this Aft, and lhall be paid thereout accordingly by the faid Truftees, or by their Treafurer, to the Perfons refpeftively entitled thereto, or to their Agents; and upon Payment thereof to fuch Perfons or their Agents, or in cafe of Refufal to accept the fame after Tender thereof, then upon leaving the fame in the Flands of the Freafurer to the faid T.uftees, for the Life of fuch Perfons whole Lands or Grounds as aforefaid fhall be laid into and made Part of the faid Road, and (hall to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, become and be deemed and taken to be a Public and Common Highway, and be from thenceforth Parc of the faid Roads for ever, and (hall be repaired and kept in Repair by fuch Ways, Means, and Methods, and in all Rtlpefts in fuch Manner as the High Roads within theParifh or Place where luch Lands or Grounds are fituate ate by Law and this Aft to be kept in Repair; and all Parties and Perfons fhall for ever thereafter be diveftedof [ Lot. Per.]	5	G	all

On Payment of the Pur-chafe Money Lands may be made ufe of.

394

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

all Right end Title to fuch Lands or Grounds; and after any fuch new Road (hall be completed in lieu of any old Road, the Ground conftituting the former Road (unlefs leading to fume Village, Town, or Place to which luch new Road doth not lead) (hall be vetted in and (hall and may be fold and conveyed by the (aid Truftees for the heft Price that can be gotten for the lame; and the Money arifing by fuch Sale (hall be applied to the Repairs of the Road hereby intended to be repaired ; and the Per-fon or Perfons over whole Lands or Grounds fuch new Road (hall be made in lieu of any old Road, (hall have the Preference in Purchafe of the old Road lo to be lold as aforclaid •, and the Conveyance to be made of fuch Ground, being executed by any Rive or more of the faid Truftees, and inrolled with the Cleik of the Peace for the faid County, (hall be good and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purpofcs; and the Lords of the refpe&ive Manors lhall have the fame Intereft and Property in fuch new Road, as they were poffcffed of or entitled 'o in the former Road in lieu whereof fuch Road lhall be made: Provided always, that in widening, turning, or altering the Courle of any Part of the faio Ruad, nothing (hall be done which (hall or may in anywile damage or injure any Dwelling-Houfe, or other Building, or any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, planted Walk or Avenue to a Houfe, or Plantation or Nurfery planted with Trees, on or before the Firft Day of January One the ufand eight hundred and feven, unltfs the Owner or Proprietor thereof (hall confent in Writing thereto.

Application of XVIII. And be it further enafted, That if any Monty (hall be agreed whTre'eiual0" or awar^ec' ,0 Pa'd f°r anV Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, toacol. purchafcd, taken, or ufed, by virtue of the Powers of this Aft, forthePur-pofes thereof, which fliall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covcrr, Infant, Lunatic, or Perfon or Perfons onder any Dilability or Incapacity, as in this Aft particularly mentioned, fuch Money lhall, in cafe the fame (hall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the Hi^h Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Truftees for executing this Aft, to the Intent that fuch Money (hall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Cider made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe of the Land Tax, or towards the Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the faid Court (hall authorize to be paid afFedling the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affefling any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (landing fettled therewith, to the fame nr the like Ufes, Intents, or Purpofcs; or where fuch Money fliall not be fo applied, then the fame fliall be laid out and inverted under the like Direflion ana Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which (hall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trufts, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which (hall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefai I, flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement (hall be exifting, undetermined, and capable of taking Effed; and, in the mean Time, and until fuch Purchafe (hall be made, the faid Money (hall.

395

4-8* GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

by O der of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the faid Accountant-General, in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Conlolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bmk Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the laid Bank Annuities lliall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold, for the Purpoles aforc-faid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bmk Annuities (hall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the laid Court to the Perfon or Perfons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, fo hereby directed to be purchafed in ca!e luch Pur-chale or Settlement were made.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That if any Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpoles aforefaid, and belonging to any Corporati in, or to any Perlon or Perfons under Difability or Incapacity as aforefaid, fhall be Jefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and fhall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall (at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being enrirled to the Kents ahd Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fo purchafed. token, or uied, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their re-fpedtive Hands) be paid into the Bank in the Name, and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, aud be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before diredted; or othtrwife the fame fhall be paid at the like Option to Two Tiuftees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perlons making fuch Option, and approved of by Five or more of the fau. Truflees for executing this Act, (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing, under tne Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that fuch principal Money and the Dividends arifing thereon may be applied in Manner herein-before diredled, fo far as the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XX.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That where fuch Monry fo agreed or awarded to be paid as next bdore mentioned, fhall be lefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in ail fuch Cafes the fame fhall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would fur the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, for the Purpofes of this Adf, in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, fhall think fit; or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committee0, to and for the Ufc and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpedlively.

XXI.	And be it further enadkd, That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money fhall be fo ordered to be paid as aforefaid, fhall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes to the Satif-fadtion of the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, or (hall reiule to execute fuch Conveyance or Conveyances, or in cafe fuch Perfon or

,	Perfons

Application of Compenia-tioii if lei* than aoo I. and exceeding iol.

Application ot Compenla* cion if lei* th.m sol •

Mohey allow* ed for Lands, v c.purchaled, how to be charged and tendered, ficc.

396	48*GEORGII IH. Cap. 28.

Perfcns to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money fhall be fo ordered to be paid as aforefaid cannot be found, or if the Perlon or Ptrfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Heieditaments, be not known or difcovered, then and in every luch Cafe it fhall be lawful fur the faid Truftees, or any Fiveormoie of them, to order ’.he faid Sum or Sums fo awarded to be prtid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Piivity of the Accountant-Gene, al or the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties intereftcd in the faid Linds, Tenements, or Hereditaments [defcribing tbem~\ tubjeifl to the Order, Controul, and D.fpofition of the Lid Court; which laid Coutt, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part th reof, by Motion or Petirion, (hall be and is hereby empowered. in a fummary Way of Proceeding, or otherwife as to the (aid Court (hall Ice.; meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, or to 'order Ditiribution thereof, or Payment ot the D.vidends thereof, according to the refpedlivc Elfate or Eftates, Title or Interert, of the Perfon or Pcrions making Claim thereunto,* and to make fuch other Order in the Piemiles as to the faid Courr (ball feem juft and rrafunable; and the Cathier or Caftiiers of the Bank of England who fhall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are heteby icquired to give a Receipt or Receipts for loch eum or Sums, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whofe Ufe the lame is or are received, to fuch Peif -n or fons as fhall pay any luch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

Refpeaing XXII. Provided	always and be it further enafted, That where	any

•S'1	Queftion (ha 1 arife	touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money ts	be

paid into the Bank	of England in the Name and with the Privity of	the

Accountant-General of tne Court of Chancery in purfuance of this AS, for the Pur chafe of any Lands, Tenements, cr Hereditaments, or of any Eftate, Right, ot Interert in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purehafed in puiluancetheieof, or to any Bank Annuities to be pur-chafed with any fuct. Money, or to the Dividends or Interert of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Peifons who (hall have been in Pt (hellion of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of fuch Pur-chate, ar.d all Periods claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Pcfleffi. n ot fuch Period or Perfons, (Vail be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch PortefEon, until the contrary fhall be (hewn to the Satisfaction of the faid Court cf Chancery ; and the Dividends or Luereft of the Bank Annuities to be purehafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, fhall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlefsit (hall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Puffcflion was a wrongful PoffefTion, and that feme other Perlon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lmds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to lome Eftate or Interert therein.

Court of	XXIII. Provided alfo and be it furih r enafled. That wheie by reafon

todin&ythe of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons or Corporation, Payment of entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purehafed under Expences.	the Authority of this Act, the Purchafe Money for the fame (hall be

required to be paid into the faid Court, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes in purfuance of this A<ft> it (hall be lawful for the faid Court to order

5	the

397

48*GfiORGII III. Cap. 28.

tlieExpences of'all Purch.ifts from Time to Time to be made in purfu-ance of this Adt, or to much of fuch Expences as (he laid Court fh.ill deem reasonable, together with the ntccflary Colls and Charges of obtaining fuch Order, to be paid by the laid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, who fliall from Time 10 Time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofesas thefaid Court lhall diredL

XXIV. And be it further enadted, That fo much of the faicl recited Statute Work. Afls as rtlate t > the Performance of Statute Labour on the faid Roads, lhall be and the fame is hereby repealed ; and that all Perfons who by Law are or lhall be liable to do Statute Wotk, or are and (bail be changeable towards repairing and amending the Roads herrhy directed to be made, widened, or rcp.ft ed, or any Parc thereof, lhall ftill remain liable thereto as heretofore; and it lhall and maybe lawful for any Two or more Juftices of the Peace for ihe faid County of Cumberland, and shey are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to tiiemby the faid Truftees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, or by their O der, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part 01 Proportion of the Statute Work lhall every Year be done upon ihe faid Roads by the Inhabitants of the refpedlive Parilhcs or Places in which the faid Roads lie; and alfo what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every luch Parilh or Place, in lieu of or as a Compofitiun for fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, lhall be by him or them paid to the faid Truliees, or to their Treal'urer or Treafurers; and in order thereunto, it lhall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juftices, from Time to Time, to fummon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every fuch Parilh or Place to bring in Lifts betoie fuch Juftices at fome Place to be exprefled in fuch Summons (within Ten Days after the ferving of fuch Summons) of the Names of the feveral Perfons who within fuch Parilh or Place are by Law fubjedt to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment okany Money in lieu of or as a Compofuion for fuch Staiute Work, dillinguifhing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or with Draughts, or otherwife, and alfo the Amount of the refpedlive Sums to be p^id, which Lifts of Names lhall be made in luch Manner and under luch Regulations and Reftridlions as are or may be diredleJ by any Law or Statute in force and tffedl for the Repairs of the Public Highways ; and out of fuch Lifts the faid Juftices lhall and may allot, appoint, and order fuih and fo many of the Pci Ions who lhall appear to be lubjedl and liable to do Statute Work as aforefaid, to do fuch Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the faid Roads as the faid Juftices lhall think reafonable; and the fame fliall be done at fuch Days and at fuch Times (noc being Hay Time or Harveft) and in fuch Parts of the faid Roads as the laid Truftce«, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, fliall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the Lid Juftices lhall and may alfo order and diiedt the Perfons who by fuch Lifts lhall appear to be fubjedl and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compo-fition for Statute Work as aforefaid, to p ry fuch Proportion thereof as the faid Juftices lhall think proper, to the laid Truftees or their Treal'urer, at fuch Time 01 Times as ihey the faid Juftices lhall diredl; and in dclault of Payment thereof, the fame lhall and may be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the rtfpdlive Perfons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalties by the faid recked Adis are authorized or diredled to be recovered; and each and every Pcrlon who [Loc.&Pcr.]	s H	Ih-il

398

Expence of the Act to he paid ont of the Toils.

Publi; Aet.

Comintn'c. xnent and Tei m of the

Act.

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 28.

(hall negled or refufe to do fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, after Node® in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their ufual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpofe, by any Surveyor of the laid Truftees, lhall fcr every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horfe or Horfes, Bead or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, befubjed and liable tofuch Pains, Penalties, and Fotftitures, as luch Perfon or Perfons may be fubjed or liable to by any Law < r Statute in force or cffc£t for the Repair of the public Highways; or if any Perlon who (hall come to work as a Labourer, or (hall be lent with any Team or Draught to work on the Laid Roads, (hall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor of the Laid Truftees, Rich Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Petlon who (hall be (o found idle or negligent as aforefaid, and in that Cafe every Rich Perfon fhall be fubjed and liable to the refpedive Forfeitures and Payments as aforefaid, as if he had negleded or tefufed to come, or fuch Team or Draught had not been fent to work on any Part of the faid Roads all which Forfeitures lhall be paid to the Trtafurerto the faid Truftees for the Time being, and applied towards amending the faid Roads; and in cafe the faid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the faid Parifhes or Places (hall refufe or wilfully negled to give in furh Lifts as aforefaid, or (hall knowingly or wilfully give in falfe or impeded Lifts, every fuch Surveyor lo offending lhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXV.	And be it further enaded, That the Colts, Charges, and Ex-pences incident to and attending the obtaining and palling of this Aft, together with lawful Intereft from the Time of advancing the fame to the Time of Payment, fhall be paid by the faid Truftees or any Seven or more of them, out of the Money already collected or borrowed, or to be col-lrdled or borrowed, by virtue of the laid recited Ads and this Aft, in preference to any other Payment whatfoever.

XXVI.	And be it further enaded. That this Aft lhall be deemed and taken to be a Pubi c Ad, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

XXVII.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad (hall commence and take place upon the Third IVednefday next after the palling thereof, and, together with fo much of the Rid recited Ads as by this Ad is not varied or altered, (hall continue in force for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next S'.flion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's moft Excellent Maiefty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III.

REGIS.

********************************** ***»*********-**

Cap. 29.

An A<£1 for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from New Chappel in the County of Surrey, to Ditcheling Bojl Hills in the County of Sujfex; and for amending the Road from Ditcheling Bojl Hills to Brigbtbelmjlone in the County of Sujfex.

[ 14th April 1 808.]

WHEREAS an Aft was made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of

His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Ad for repairing-, widening, 10 G. 3. and keeping in Repair, the Road from New Chappel in the County of Surrey, over Copthorn in the County of Suflex, through Lind-field to the Town of Ditchling, up to the Top of Ditchling Bolt Hills in the faid County of Suflex: And whereas another Aft was made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An Ad for 30 G. 3. continuing the Term and enlarging, altering, and amending the Powers of an Ad, made in the Tenth Tear of His prefent Majejly, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from New Chappel in she County ■ [Loc. Iff Per.]	5	/	of

402

Former A£U continued.

Xmpowering the Truftees to make the new Piece of Road.

48* GEORG 11 III. Cap.29.

of Surrey, ovor Copthorn in the Count" of Suffex, through LindflelJ to the Town of Ditchling, up to the Top of Diich'irig Boft Hills in the fetid County , of Sufi ox : And vhegeas-tbc TrulfCes aiding in the Execution of the faid Afts have borrowed feveral considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which (till remain due, and cannot be repaid, nor the faid Road effectually amended and kept in Repair, unlefs the Term of the faid Acts be further continued, the Tolls increafed, and fome of the Powers thereof altered and enlarged : And whereas the Road leading from the Top of Ditchcling Boji Hills to the Town of Brighthelm-Jlone is much out of Repair, incommodious and dangerous for Travellers, and cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Courfe of Law, and it would be a great Accommodation to the Neighbourhood, and of publick Utility, if the fame were to be repaired, and put under the Care and Management of the Trultees for executing the laid recited Afts and this Aft: May it therefore pleafe Your Majelly that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid recited Afts, and all the C laufes. Powers, Authorities, Provifions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things therein contained (except fuch Parts thereof as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and alfo fuch as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed), fhall be and remain in full Force and Effeft, and, together with this prefent Aft, fhall be put in Execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as well for the Purpofe of amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the Road included in the faid recited Afts, as for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from the Top of the faid Hills, called Ditcheling Boji Hills, to the Town of Brighthelwjlone, as fully and effeftually in all Refpefts, and to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the faid Afts, and the Claufes, Powers, and Provifions therein refpeftivcly contained, were exprefsly repeated and re-enafted in the Body of this prefent Aft, and as if the faid additional Road had been Part of the Road included in the faid Afts; but fubjeft neverihelefs to the Alterations and Amendments herein contained, and which fhall commence and take Effeft upon the pafiing of this Aft; and that this Aft, and the Term and Powers hereby granted, fhall be and are hereby declared to be fubjeft and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing, or which fhall or may hereafter be borrowed and become due on the Credit of the faid recited Afts and of this prefent Aft, or any of them, and all Intereft due and to become Sue for the fame refpeftively.

II	And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and-for the faid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, or for fuch Perfons as they, or any Seven or more of them, fhall employ for that Purpofe, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered, to enter into and upon the Lands and Grounds of any Perfon or Perfons, in or through which the faid new Piece of Road is intended to pals, to fet out, form, make, and complete the fame, from the 'Fop of Ditcheling Boji Hills to the Town of Brighthelmjione aforefaid, and to cut and make fuch Drains, Gutters, and 'Funnels, for draining the Lands adjoining or near fuch Road, as fhall be 6	by

403

4Se GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

by them thought neceffary or proper for draining the Water from fuch Road, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft, doing as little Damage as may be in the Execution of the Powers to them hereby granted, and making reafonable Satisfaftion to the Owners or Proprietors of, and all Perfons interefted in the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for all Damages which fhall be fuftained by executing the Powers and Authorities hereby given ; and in cafe any Difference concerning the fame fhall arife between the faid Truftees and fuch Owners or Proprietors and Perfons interefted as aforefaid, that then it fhall and may be lawful for the Juft ices of the Peace, or the major Parr of them affembled, at the next General Quarter Seftion of the Peace for the faid County of Snjfex, or at the Second General Quarter Seffion of the Peace there, to fettle, adjudge, and determine what Recompence fliall be made to fuch Owners or Proprietors and Perfons interefted, for the Damages they fhall have fuftained as ai'ore-faid; which Determination fhall be final: Provided always, that nothing herein contained fhall authorize or empower the faid Truftees, or any Perfon or Perfons afting by or under their Authority, to take, ufe, injure, or damage, for the Purpofes of the faid Road, or any the Purpofes aforefaid, any Houfe or other Building, or any Land or Ground fet apart or ufed as a Garden, Orchard, Park, or planted Avenue to a Houfe, without the Confent of the Owner or Owners thereof.

III.	And whereas a Map or Plan defevibing the Line of the faid new Piece of Road, and the Lands through which the fame is to be carried, together with a Book of Reference containing a Lift of the Names of the Owners and Occupiers of fuch Lands, have been depofited at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Sufex, be it therefore enafted, That the faid Map or Plan and Book of Reference fhall remain in the Cuftody of the Clerk of the Peace for the faid County, to the End that all Perfons may at any feafonable limes have Liberty to infpeft and perufe the lame, and to take Copies or Extrafts thereof at their Will and Plea-fure, paying the Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every fuch Infpefticn, and at the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words of fuch Copies or Extrafts of the faid Map or Plan and Book of Reference; and that the faid Truftees in making the faid new Piece of Road fhall not deviate more than One hundred Yards of Three Feet each from the Line deferibed in the faid Map or Plan, wi.hout the Confent and Approbation in Writing of the Perfon or Perfons, Body Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, through whole Lands or Grounds fuch Deviation Ihall be made.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the laid Truftees to rriake the faid new Piece of Road into, through, acrofs, or over the feveral Lands or Grounds of any Perfon or Perfons who is or are, or may be Owner or Owners of Land, over which the fame is fet out and deferibed in the faid Map or Plan as aforelaid, although the Name or Names of fuch Perfon or Perfons may happen to be omitted in the faid Book of Reference, in cafe it Ihall appear to any Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the laid County, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that fuch Error or Omiffion proceeded from Miftake.

For retraining the Truftees from deviating beyond a certain Dif-tance of the JLine deferibed in the Plan, &c.

Truftees may make Road through Grounds although the Owners Names are not in the Book of Reference,

V. And

«®4-

and to ere A

Turnpike

there.

No Turnpike Gate to be erected within One Mile of Brighton.

For repealing the pre» font Tolls, and granting new ones.

Tolls.

48°GE0RG1I III. Cap. £9.

V.	And be it further enacted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, or fuch Perfon or Fer-fons as they or any Seven or more of them (hall appoint, when and fo foon as the laid intended Road from the Top of Ditcbeling Bojl Hills to the faid Town of Brighthelmjlone fhall be made and completed, to erect and fet up, or caufe to be erefted and fet up. One Gate or Turnpike upon or acrofs the faid Road, and alfo a Toll Houle with fuitable Outbuildings thereto, and alfo to take in and inclofe from the faid Road a Garden Spot fuitable and convenient for fuch 'loll Houle, and pull down and remove the fame, as they the faid Truftees, or any Seven Gr more of them,. fhall judge proper; and One Half of the Tolls hereby granted and made payable, at the feveral Gates or Turnpikes between New Chappel and Ditcbeling Bejl Hills aforefaid, fhall be demanded and taken before any Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Als, Beall or other Cattle, Coach, Waggon, Cart or other Carriage whatfoever, fhall be permitted to pafs through the faid Gate or Turnpike to be erected and fet up between the Top of Ditche* ling Bojl Hills and the faid Town of Brightbelmjltne.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That it fhall not be lawful for the laid Trultees to erect fuch Gate or Turnpike upon the laid new Piece of Road between Ditcbeling Bojl Hills and Brigbtbelmjlor.e, within One Mile of the faid 'Town of Brighthelmjlone.

VII.	And whereas the Tolls granted by the faid recited A£ts have been found infufficient for amending and keeping the faid Road from New Cbappel to the Top of Ditcbeling Bojl Hills aforefaid in gopd Repair, and for executing the feveral other Purpofes of the faid Acts, be it therefore further enadted, That from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September next, the Tolls payable in and by the faid recited Adis fhall ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid; and that in lieu thereof the following Tolls fhall be demanded and taken, before any Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Beall or other Cattle, Coach, Waggon, Cart or other Carriage whatfoever, be permitted to pafs through any Turnpike or Toll Gate, Side Bar or Side Gate, eredled or to be eredted by virtue of the faid recited Adis or this Adi, upon or acrofs the faid Road between New Chappel and the Top of Ditcbeling Bojl Hills aforefaid, or upon or acrols any Lane or Way leading into the fame; (that is to fay).

For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Bead, drawing in any Carriage of whatfoever Defcription, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horle, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Afs or other Bead of Burthen, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One-penny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and fo in Proportion for any lefs Number: And,

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and fo in Proportion for any lefs Number:

And that Double the faid refpcdtive Tolls fhall be demanded aud taken on every Sunday during the Continuance of this Act:

Which

ij.80 GEORGII lit. Cap* 29.	4°5

Which fa'id refpeftive Tolls or Ditties {hall be and are hereby declared to be veiled in the Truflees appointed or to be appointed for the Purpofes of the faid recited Afts or this prerent Aft; and that it lhall and may be lawful for the faid Truflees to demand and take, or caufe to be demanded and taken, the faid Tolls at the refpeftive Gates erefted or to be erefted acrofs Or near the faid Road between New Cbappel and the Top of Ditcbeling Bof Hills aforefaid ; and One Half of the laid Tolls at the Gate to be erefted between the Top of Ditcbeling Bojl Hilts and the faid Town of Bright hclm/lone; and they the faid_ Truflees, or'fuch Perfun or Perfons as they Until authorize and appoint for that Purpofe, lhall have fuch and the fame Powers, Authorities, and Remedies for collefting, demanding, recovering, levying, alligning, transferring, leafhg, reducing; advancing, and compounding for the Tolls and Duties hereby granted or made payable, as are in and by the faid recited Afts or either of them given and expreffed with refpeft to the Tolls thereby granted or made payable, fo that fuch Advancement of the faid Tolls or any of them, after the faid Tolls or any of them lhall have been reduced, do not exceed the Tolls hereby granted ; but Twenty-one Days Notice thereof at leafl lhall be given upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes which lhall be therr Handing upon the faid Roads, previous to any fuch Alterations in the faid Tolls; and that the faid Tolls and Duties hereby granted and made payable lhall be paid, applied, and difpofed of, to and for fuch Ufes, Intents, and Purpofes, as are in the faid recited Afts and this Aft directed and appointed in that Behalf.

VIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted and declared, Tog*taken That all and every of the faid lolls and Duties, being paid at any One

of the faid Gates or Turnpikes erefted or to be erefted by virtue of the be an Exemp-

faid Afts or either of them, or this Aft, on any Part of the faid Road tion fr«m

by the faid Afts direfted to be repaired between New Chap pci and the Payment at

Town of Lindfield, lhall not be looked upon or deemed to be an Exerrip- othcr Gatcs*

tion from the Payment of the like Tolls and Duties at any oilier of the

faid Gates or Turnpikes erefted or to be erefted between the faid Town

of Lindfield and the Top of Ditcbeling Bojl Hills, but that the fame Tolls

lhall be paid Twice between New Cbappel and the Top of Ditcbeling Bojl

Hills aforefaid for all Horfes, Cattle, Bealls, and Carriages, that is to

fay. Once between New Cbappel and the Town of Lindfield aforefaid, and

Once between the faid Town of Lindfeld and the Top of Ditcbeling Bof

Hills aforefaid; any Thing in the faid recited Afts or either of them, or

in this Aft contained to the contrary thereof notwithflanding.

IX.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted, That no more That Perfoni than Two Tolls in the Whole lhall be demanded or taken from any Perfon f*®»gTwic* for Once palling and rcpalling the fame Day, to be computed from Twelve Day'ifiatt* of the Clock in One Night to Twelve of the Clock in the fucceeding onlypay Night, with the fame Horfes, Cattle, Bealls, and Carriages, through all One Toil bc-the laid Toll Gates or Turnpikes erefted or to be erefted by virtue of the ^een ^e"’ faid recited Afts or either of them, or of this Aft, between New Cbappel OiuheUn^ and the Top of Ditcbeling Bof Hills aforefaid, but that all and every Per- Boll Hills; fon and Perfons, having paid the faid 'I wo Tolls in the Whole, between but if more Nm Cbappel and Ditcbeling Bof Hi'ds aforefaid, and producing a Note or addi-braT’

ILoc. & Per.J	5 K	Ticket,	Tolll'Tbe

taken.

406	48°	GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

Ticket, Notes or Tickets, denoting the Payment of fuch Tolls (which Notes or Tickets the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to give gratis on Receipt of the Toll), fhall Once pafs and repafs the fame Day, with the fame Horfes, Cattle, Beads, and Carriages, Toll-free through all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates erefted or to be erected on the faid Road between New Cbappel and Ditcbeling Bofl Hills aforefaid; but if any Perfon or Perfons fhall pafs through any fuch Gate or Turnpike a Third Time with the fame Horfes, Cattle, Beads, or Carriages, then and in that Cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall again be liable to pay the faid Toll, and fo toties quoties for every Third Time the faid Perfon or Perfons fhall pafs the fame Day through the fame Gate or Turnpike on the laid Roads with the fame Ilorfes, Cattle, Beads, or Carriages as aforefaid.

X.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enafted, That no more than One Toll fhall be demanded or taken from any Perfon or Perfons for Once palling and repaffing the fame Day with the fame Horfes, Cattle, Beads, or Carriages, through all the faid Gates or Turnpikes erected or to be erected on any Part of the faid Road by the faid recited Ads, or either of them, Twice in the direfted to be repaired, between New Cbappel and the Town of I.indjield; fame Dav, nor fhall any more than One Toll be demanded or taken from any Perfon and only Half or Perfons for Once parting and reparting the fame Day with the fame 3 (n°" nr. Horfes, Cattle, Beads, and Carriages through all the faid Gates or Turn-but'if’monT ’ P>kes erected or to be erected between the Town of Lindfeld and Ditcbeling than Twice, Bofl Hills aforefaid ; nor fhall any more than One Half Toll be demandtd additional or taken from any Perfon or Perfons for Once parting and repaffing the Toll to be faille Day with the fame Horfes, Cattle, Bealls, and Carriages, through the faid Gate or Turnpike to be erected between Ditcbeling Bojl Hills aforefaid and the faid Town of Brighthelmstone; but that all and every Perfon and Perfons, having paid fuch refpeftive Tolls, and producing a Note or Ticket, or Notes or Tickets as aforefaid, fhall Once pafs and repafs the fame Day with the fame Horfes, Cattle, Beads, and Carriages, Toll-free through all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates erefted or to be erected on the faid Roads between the refpeftive Places aforefaid ; but if any Perfon or Perfons fhall pafs through any Gate or Turnpike between the refpeftive Places aforefaid a Third Time with the fame Horfes, Cattle, Beads, or Carriages, then and in that Cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall again be liable to pay the faid Toll, and fo toties quoties for every Third Time the faid Perfon fhall pafs the fame Day through the fame Gate or Turnpike on the faid Roads, between the refpeftive Places aforefaid, with fuch Horfes, Cattle, Beads, or Carriages as aforefaid : Provided always, that nothing in this A<d contained fhall authorize the faid Truflees, or the Collectors of the faid Tolls, to demand or take from any Perfon or Perfons parting or repaffing with the fame Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other Cattle, and not drawing in any Carriage upon the faid Roads, more than One Toll in any One Day, to be computed as aforefaid, between the respective Places aforefaid.

For repealing XI. And whereas by the faid lafl recited Aft it is enafted. That all and a Claufe in every Carriage laden with Chalk, Timber, Timber in Boards, Plank or Afts°«fpeft- Scantlings, Guns or other Iron, Mine Ore, Hay or Straw, for Sale, Bricks, ing Double Tiles, Sand, Stone, Flints, Marl, Coal, Firewood, Faggots, Hop-poles, or

One Toll

only to be taken, between New Cnappcl and XaindHeld for pafllng

48° G EORGTI III. Cap.29.

Hoops, pa/IIng through any of the Gates or Turnpikes then or thereafter to be erected by virtue of the faid recited A&s, between the Firft Day of November and the Firft Day of April in every Year during the Continuance of the faid Afts, fhould pay the Sum of Four Shillings for each Time every fuch Carriage fhould pals through any fuch Gate or Turnpike, fo laden as aforefaid : And whereas fuch Part of the faid laft recited Act impofing the fame Toll on Carts as on Waggons has been found inconvenient and prejudicial to the Publick, be it therefore enacted. That fo much of the faid laft recited Aft fhall be and the fame is hereby repealed ; and that from and after the Commencement of this Aft all and every Carriage and Carriages whatfoever laden with Chalk, Timber, Timber in Boards, Plank or Scantling, Guns or other Iron, Mine Ore, Hay or Straw for Sale, Bricks, Tiles, Sand, Stone, Flints, Marl, Chalk Marl, Coals, Kite-wood, Faggots, Hop-poles, or Hoops, palling through any of the Gates or Turnpikes now erefted or hereafter to be erefted by virtue of the faid recited Afts or this Aft, between the Twentieth Day of Oclober in each Year and the Firft Day of April in every fucceeding Year, during the Continuance of this Aft, fhall pay Double the Tolls or Duties hereby granted at each Gate or Turnpike through which fuch Carriage or Carriages fo laden (hall pafs; any Thing in the faid recited Afts or either of them, or this Aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XII.	And, in order to prevent the Mifconduft of the Perfons employed as Colleftors of the faid Tolls, be it further enacted, That every Perfon employed to colleft any of the Tolls hereby granted and made payable, fhall affix his or her Chriftian and Surname on a Board on lome confpi-cuous Part of the Toll Houfe at which he or fhe fhall be appointed to colleft the faid Tolls, on each and every Day that he or fhe fhall continue in fuch Colleftion, under the Penalty of any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every Negleft thereof; and if any fuch Colleftor fhall wilfully mifbehave hiinfelf or herfelf in the Colleftion of the faid Tolls, or fhall make ufe of any opprobrious or improper Language to any Perfon or Perfons palling through any of the Turnpikes already erefted or hereafter to be erefted, by virtue of the faid recited Afts or either of them, or of this Aft, and fhall be thereof convifted on his or her own Confeflion, or on the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, before One or more of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the faid Counties of Surrey or Sujfex (where the Offence {hall be committed), he or (lie fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and in Default of Payment thereof {hall be committed to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correftion, for any Time not exceeding One Month.

XIII.	And be it further enafted, That no Toll fhall be demanded or taken for any Horfe, Cattle, or Beaft, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the fame Day any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or oiher Materials, for repairing of the faid Roads, or any of the Roads in the Townfhips or Parifhes in which any Part of fuch Roads lie; or Hay, Straw, or Com in the Straw only, not fold or difpofed of, but pafting to be laid up or placed in the

&	Outhoufes

4C7

Tolls on certain Carriages, and for taking other Tolls in lieu thereof.

For preventing Mrfcon-duA in Collectors.

Exemptions from Toll.

4o8

Application of Compenfa-tion Money when amounting to 2C0l.



4-8* GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

OuthoUfes or on the Lands of the Owners, for the Purpofe of threfhing out fuch Corn, or of feeding out fuch May or Straw; or for any Horfe, Cattle, or Beall, employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to cany or convey, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Hufbandry, Corn for feeding the Ground, or any Dung, Com poll, or Manure employed in Hulbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands (Chalk, Chalk Marl, Ditchcling Sandy Mould and Lime excepted); or for any Hoi fcs or Cattle going to or returning from Pad ere or Watering Places, or going to be or reluming from being (hoed or far-ried ; or from any Perfon going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worlhip tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or upon any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Perfon that fhall die and be buried in any of the faid Tovvnlhips or Parilhes; or from any Clergyman going lo or returning from vifiting any lick Perfon, or going to or returning from other his Parochial or Minifterial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated ; or for any Horfe, Cattle, or Carriage, of whatever Defcription, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Exprcffes under the Authority of His Majefty’s Pollmalter General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guardiijg fuch Mails or Expreffes, or in returning back from conveying the fame ; or for any Horfe, Cattle, or Bead, attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horfe, Cart, Cattle, or Bead, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants fent by legal PalVes, or returning therefrom ; or for any Horfe, Cattle, or Bead, carrying or conveying any Perfon or Perfons going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to ferve in Parliament for the Counties of Surrey or Suffix, on the Day or Days of fuch Election, or cn the Day before or Day after fuch Election (hall begin or be concluded; and that no Toll (hall be demanded or taken for any Horfe, Mare, or Gelding, furnilhed by or for any Perfons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry, or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercife, provided that fuch Perfons (hall be dreffed in the Uniform of their refpeftive Corps, and have their Anns, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps refpeftively, at the Time of claiming fuch Exemption as aforefaid ; and if any Perlon or Perfons fhall, in any fraudulent or collufive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Aft granted, not being entitled to the fame, every fuch Perfon fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof fhall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety fhall be applied for the Purpofes of this Aft.

XIV.	And be it further enafted-. That if any Money fhall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands,Tenements, or Hereditaments purchafed, taken, or ufed by virtue of the Powers of the laid recited Afts and this Aft, for the Purpofes thereof, which fhall belong to any Corporation, Feme

Covert,

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 29.	409

Covett, Infant, Lunatick, or Perfon or Perfons under any Difability or In. capacity, as in the faid firft recited Aft particularly mentioned, fuch Money fhall, in cafe the fame lhall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the faid Afts and this Aft, to the Intent that fuch Money lhall be applied, under die Direftion and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fum-mary Way by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe of the Land Tax, or towards the Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the faid Court lhall authorize to be paid, affefting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affefting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing fettled therewith to the fame or the like Ufes, Trulls, Intents, or Purpofes; or where fuch Money lhall not be fo applied, then the fame lhall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direftion and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

.which lhall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trulls, Intents, and Purpgfes, and in the fame Manner as the Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments which lhall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid. Hood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance or Settlement lhall be exifting undetermined and capable of taking Eflfeft ; and in the mean Time and until fuch Purchafe lhall.be made, the faid Money lhall, by Order of the faid Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the faid Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Con-folidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities ; and in the mean Time and until the faid Bank Annuities lhall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, lhall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the faid Court, to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by the faid recited Afts or this Aft direfted to be purchafed, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money fo Application agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments "here th_e . purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging to any i3°ctf thaV°n Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under Difability or Incapacity as 200I. and aforefaid, lhall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and lhall more than amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch 2o1-Cafes the fame fhall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or.

Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpeftive Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account \Lec. fa* /V.J	5	L	as

4*0	48eGEORGII III. Cap. 29.

as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before direfted; of otherwife the fame /hall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Truftees, to be nominated by the Perlon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Seven or more of the faid Truftees for executing the faid recited Acts and this Aft (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that fuch Principal Money, and the Dividends arifing thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, fo far as the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

wKereThe0'1 XVI. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That where fuch Money Money is left a£ree<i or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned fhall be lefs than 20I. than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes of the faid Afts and this Aft, in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, fhall think fit; or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpeftively.

In cafe of not XVII. And be it further enafted, That in cafe the Perfon or Perlons to making out whom any gum or Sums of Money fhall be awarded for the Purchafe of chafe'koney anY Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed by virtue of to be paid the faid recited Afts or this Aft, /hall refufe to accept the fame, or /hall into the not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes to the Satisfaftion of the to’ the*	Truftees	;	or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons, to whom fuch Sum or

Order of ^he Sums of Money /hall be fo awarded as aforefaid, cannot be found ; or if Court of the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-Cbancery on ments, be not known or difcovered, then and in every fuch Cafe it /hall Petition °r	an^ ma)’ Lwful t0 for the faid Truftees, or any Seven or more of

c ° ' them, to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded as aforefaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [deferibing them"], fubjeft to the Order, Controul, and Difpofition of the faid Court of Chancery ; which faid Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, fhall be and is hereby empowered in a fummary Way of Proceeding, or other-wife as to the laid Court /hall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Diftribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpeftive Eftate or F.rtates, Title or Intereft of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court /hall feem juft and reafonable; and the Ca/hier or Ca/hiers of the Bank of England, who fliall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received,

to

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

to fuch Ptrfon or Perfons as fhall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforcfaid.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaQed, That where any Queftion fhall arife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of the faid recited Ads or this Ad, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Eflate, Right, or Interefl in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed in purfuance of the laid recited Ads or this Ad, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or to the Dividends or Interefl of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who fhall have been in Poffeflion of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Poffeffion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, fhall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch Poffeffion, until the contrary fhall be fhewn to the Satisfadion of the faid Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interefl of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities fhall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it fhall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Poffeffion was a wrongful Polfeflion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eflate or Interefl therein.

XIX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That where, by reafon of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed under the Authority of the faid recited Ads or this Ad, the Purchafe Money for the lame fhall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes in purfuance of the faid recited Ads and this Ad, it fhall be lawful for the faid Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchafes from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of the faid recited Ads or this Ad. or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Court fhall deem reafonable, together with the necelfary Colts and Charges of obtaining fuch Order, to be paid by the faid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, who fhall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court fhall dired.

XX.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That all Perfons who by Law are or fhall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or fhall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the faid Roads, or any Part thereof, fhall flill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore ; and it fhall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Juflices of the Peace for the faid Counties of Surrey and Suffix, and they are hereby empowered and required, upon Application made to them by the faid Truftees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work fhall every Year be done upon the laid Roads by the Inhabitants of the refpective Parifhes or

9	Places



Relpefting

difputed

Titles.

The Court

may order reafonable Expences of Purchafes to be paid by the Truftees.

Perfons chargeable to Statute Work to continue fo.

Juftices to determine Differences touching Statute Work.

4-12

48° GEORGII III. Cap..2C).

Places in which the faid Roads lie, and alfo what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch Parifh or Place, in lieu of or as a Coinpofition for fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, fhall be by him, her, or them, paid to the faid Truftees, or to theirTrealurer; and in order thereunto it fhall and maybe lawful to and for fuch Juftices from Time to Time to fummon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every fuch Parifh or Place to bring in Lifts before fuch Juftices, at fome Place to be expreftfed in fuch Summons (within Five Days after the tirving of fuch Summons), of the Names of the feveral Perfons who within fuch Parifh or Place are by Law fubjed and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Competition for fuch Statute Work, diftinguifhing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or othenvife, and alfo the Amount of the refpedive Sums to be paid; which Lids of Names fhall be made in fuch Manner and under fuch Regulations and Reftrid'ons as is, are, or may be direded by any Law or Statute in force and effed for the Repair of the pubiick Highways; and out of fuch lifts the faid Juftices fhall and may allot, appoint, and order fuch and fo many of the Perfons who fhall appear to be fubjed and liable to Statute Work as aforefaid, to do fuch Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the faid Roads as the faid Juftices fhall think reafonable, and the fame fhall be done on fuch Days and at fuch Times (not being Hay Time or Harveft), and in fuch Parts of the faid Roads, as the faid Truftees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, fhall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the faid Juftices fhall and may alfo order and dired the Perfons, who by fuch Lifts fhall appear to be fubjed and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Competition for Statute Work as aforefaid, to pay fuch Proportion thereof as the faid Juftices fhall think proper to the faid Truftees or their Trcafurer, at fuch Time or Times as they the faid Juftices fhall dired; and in Default of Payment thereof, the fame fhall and may be recovered by Diflrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the refpedive Perfons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the faid recited Ads authorized or direded to be recovered ; and each and every Perfon who fhall negled or refufe to do fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their laft or ufual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpofe, by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, fhall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horfe or Horfes, Beaft or Bealls to be provided by him, her, or them, be fubjed and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as fuch Perfon or Perfons may be fubjed or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effed for the Repair of the pubiick Highways; and if any Perfon who fhall come to work as a Labourer, or fhall be fent with any Team or Draught to work on the faid Roads, fhall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, fuch Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Perfon who fhall be found idle or negligent as aforefaid ; and in that Cafe every fuch Perfon fhall fee fubjed and liable to the refpedive Forfeitures and Payments aforefaid, as if he had negleded or refuled to come, or fuch Team or Draught had not been fent to work on any Part of the faid Roads; all which Forfeitures fhall be paid to the Treafurer to thc

faid

4-13

48u GEORGII III.	Cap.29.

Lid Truftees, and applied towards the amending the f.iid Roads; and in cafe the faid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the laid Parilhes or Places {hail refine or wilfully n eg left to give in inch Lilts as aforefaid, or lhall knowingly or wilfully give in fali'e and imperfect Lilts, every fuch Surveyor fo offending, lhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXI.	And be it further enaded, That it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Trultees to compound and agree with any Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Statute Work to be by them done on the faid Roads, or any Part thereof, and alfo with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of and in all or any the Parilhes or Places in which the faid Roads are fituate, for a certain Sum of Money by the Year or otherwife, as the faid Truftees lhall think reafonable, in lieu of the Whole or of any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the faid Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the faid Roads; which Compofition Money lhall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Parilh, or by the Perfon or Perfons fo compounding, to the Treafurer to the faid Truftees in Advance, on or befoie the Twenty-ninth Day of September in each and every Year, or otherwife the Inhabitants and Occupiers of fuch Parilh or Place lhall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

XXII.	And be it further enacted. That the feveral Perfons who have fubferibed, or who lhall hereafter fubferibe, to advance any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purpofes of paying the Expences of this Ad, and for paying for Land which may be neceffary to be purchafed for making and completing the faid new Branch of Road, {hall and they are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums of Money by them refpedively fubferibed, or fuch Part or Parts thereof as lhall from Time to Time be called for by the faid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, by an Order in Writing to be made and fubferibed by them, at any publick Meeting or Meetings to be held for the Purpofes of this Ad, to be paid to their Treafurer at fuch Time or Times, Place or Places, as they lhall in and by fuch Order dired or appoint; and in cafe any Perfon or Perfons lhall negled or refufe to pay the fame at the Time and in Manner required as aforefaid for that Purpofe, it lhall and may be lawful for the faid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby empowered, in the Name of their Treafurer for the Time being, to fue for and recover the fame by an Adion or Adions of Debt on this Ad in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Law at Wejlminjier.

XXIII.	And be it further enaded. That the Colls, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the procuring and obtaining this Ad, together with lawful Intereft from the Time of advancing the fame till the Time of Payment, (hall be paid and fatisfied by the faid Truftees; and that it lhall be lawful for the faid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby di reded and required to order and dired the Payment of the faid Charges and Expences, with Intereft as aforefaid, out of the Firfl Monies that lhall be colleded, borrowed, or received, by virtue of the faid recited Ads ahd this Ad, in preference to all other Payments and Difburfements whatfoever.

5 M

Truftees may compound for Statute Work.

To compel the Payment of Subfcrip-tions.

For paying the Expences of the A&.

[I«. Pgr.]

XXIV. And

414

Publiek Aft.

Term and Continuance of the Aft

48° GEORGII III. Cap.29,

XXIV.	And be it further enabled, That this Aft fhall be deemed and taken to be a Publiek Aft, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

XXV.	And be it further enafted. That the Term granted by the faid recited Aft fhall, on the pafljng of this Aft, ceafe and determine; and

the faid recited Afts (fubjeft to the Alterations, Variations, and Additions herein-before contained) and this Aft fhall from thenceforth commence, continue, and be in force, and be executed for and during the Tenn of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Seffion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majelty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

•**********»**##**HMH»**H|t*** ***#***»**♦• «*••*«•*******

Cap. 30.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts, paffed in the Seventh and Eleventh Years of His prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the Road from Spernal Ajh, in the County of Warwick, through Studley, to the Town of Birmingham .	[	14th April 1808.3

WHEREAS an Ad was parted in the Seventh Year of the Reign

of His prefent Majefty King George the Third, intituled. An 7g,j. c. 77. Act for repairing and widening the Road from Spernal A(b, in the County of Warwick, through S udley to a Street called Digbeth, in the Town ^Birmingham: And whereas another Ad was parted in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majerty, intituled, An Altfor enlarging u G. j. c, 61. the Term and Powers of an Acl made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the Road from Spernal A(h in the County of Warwick, to a Street called Digbeth, in the Town of Birmingham : And whereas the Truftees appointed in or by virtue of the faid Ads have proceeded to pur the fame in execution, far which Purpofe they have borrowed confiderablc Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted; which ftill remain due, and cannot be repaid, nor can the fiid Road be properly amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unleft the Term of the faid Ads be continued, and fome of the Powers and Provifions of the faid Ads, altered and enlarged; May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King’s mod: Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advr.e and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prelcin Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid Ads parted in the Seventh and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His prefent continued ILoe. & Arv]	'	5	N	Majefty,

418

Truftees for executing the faid *cts to execute this.

Truftees may fue and be fued in the Name of tbeir Clerk.

Clerk to be reimburfed Kxpeucct.

Exemption* from Toll.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 2o.

Majefty, and all and every the Authorities, Powers, Privileges, Provifions, Penalties, and Claufes therein contained (except fuch as relate toExemp. tion from Stamp Duties, and fuch as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed) (hall be and continue in full force, and be executed tor and during the Term hereinafter mentioned, as fully and effcdually to all Intents and l'urpofes as if the fame were herein particularly repeated and re-ena&cd, butfubjeCt neverthelefsto the Amendments, Variations, Alterations, and Additions, herein contained, and which (hall commence and take effedt upon the pafling of this Act; and this Adt, and the additional Term hereby granted, (hall be fubjedt and liable to the Payment of all Monty now due and owing upon the Credit or on Account of the faid former Adt.% or which may hereafter be borrowed or become due and owing on the Credit of the faid former Afts, and this Act, and of all Intereft due and to grow due for the fame refpedtively.

II.	And be it further enadted, That the Truftees named in or appointed in purfuance of the faid recited Adts or either of them, (hall be and are hereby appointed Truftees for putting in execution this Adt, and (hall continue to meet and adjourn from Time to Time, according to the Diredtions of the faid recited Adts.

III.	And be it further enadted. That the faid Truftees may fue and be fued in the Name of their Clerk ; and that no Adlion to be brought or commenced by or againft the faid Truftees, or any Five or mere of them, by virtue or on account of the faid recited Acts or this Act, or either of them, in the Name of their Clerk, (hall abate or be difcontrnued by the Death or Removal of fuch Clerk, or by the Adt of fuch Clerk without the Confent of the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, but the Clerk for the Time being to the faid Truftees (h -.H always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in fuch Adtion, as the Cafe may be: Provided always, that every fuch Clerk in whole Name any Adtion or Suit lhall be commenced, profecuted, or defended, in purfuance of the faid recited Adts or of this Adt, (hall always be reimburfed and paid, out of the Monies to arife by virtue of the faid Adt-. and this Adt, all fuch Cofts, Charges, and Expences, as by the Event of any fuch Proceeding he (hall pay, bear, expend, or be put unto or become chargeable w ith by Realon of his having been fo made Plaintiff or Defendant therein as aforefaid.

IV.	And be it further enadted, That no Toll (hall be demanded or taken at any Toll Gate, for any Cattle or Cairiage folcly employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from tarrying or conveying, anyMatciialsfor repairing the faid Road, or of any Lime, Dung, Mould, Soil, or Compoft of any Kind for the manuri g of any Garden, or other Land or Ground, in any of the Pariities through which the laid Road leads, or which are next adjoining to the faid Road, or for any Horfe or other Cattle emploved in the ploughing, lowing, tilling, or cultivating of any Land or Grounds in any fuch Parifhes j or for any Cattle cr Carriages employed in Harvelt Work or Hufbandry, or in the Carriage ot any Hay, Srravv, or Corn in the Straw not tor Sale; or fiom the Owners or Occupiers of any Lands, or their Servants, going to or from their rtfjxS'iVe Lands, on the Bufinefs only of looking after fuch Land,', or the Stock upon the lame; or for any Horfe or other

Cattle

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 30.	4

Cattle drawing or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Hufbandry, in order for the repairing thereof, or uling the fame in Hufbandry, or any UtenGl that (ball be ufcd or employed in Hufbandry, or tilling or manuring of Land; or for any Horles, Cattle, Sheep, Swine or Hogs, going to or palling from Water or Palture in any of the Parifhes through which the laid Road leads, or which are next adjoining to the faid Hoad ; or for any Horfe, Mare, or Gelding, going to be or returning from being fhod or tarried; or for any Sheep going to or returning from any Walh, Dike, River, or other Place ulcd for the walhing of Sheep in any fuch Parifhes, or for any Sheep going to or returning from any Place ufed for the clipping of Sheep in any fuch Parilhes ; or for any Horfesor Carriages of whatioever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expteffes under the Authority of His Majefly’s Poftmafter General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding fuch Mails or ExprtlTes, or in returning therefrom, or for any Horfe belonging to any Officers or Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or for any Horles, Cattle, or Carriage, employed in carrying or conveying, or returning from carrying or conveying, the Arms or Baggage of any fuch Officers or Soldiers; or for any Horfe, Mare or Gelding, furnifhed by or for any Perfons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days ofExercife, provided always, that fuch Perfons are in the Uniform of their refpidive Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps refpedively, at the Time of claiming fuch Exemption as afurefaid; or for any Horfes or other Cattle or Carriage employed in conveying Vagrants fent with lawful Palfes; or for any Horfe or other Cattle that (hall be going to or returning from any Eledion of a Knight or Knights of the Shire, to ferve in Parliament for the refpedive Counties of Warwick and Worcejltr, on the Day of fuch Eledion or Elcdions, or on the Day before or on the Day after fuch Election lhall begin or be concluded; nor lhall any Tull be taken or demanded of or from anv Redor, Vicar, or Curate, going to or returning from his own Parifh Church, or other Place of Divine Worlhip, or vifiting his fick Parilhioners, or upon any Other Ecclrliaftical Duty; nor from any Perfon going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worlhip, tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Perfon who fhall die and be buried in any of the faid Parilhes ; and if any Perfon or Perfons (hail claim or take the Benefit of any fuch Exemption, not being entitled to the fame, every fuch Perfon lhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Puuncls, to be recovered and applied in fuch and the lame Manner as any Penalties or Forfeitures are by the laid iirll-mcntioned Act directed to be recovered and applied.

V.	And be it further enaded, That all Perfons who by Law are or Sfatute lhall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or lhall be chargeable towards Work, repairing and amending the laid Road or any Pait thereof, lhall Hill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it fhall be lawful for any Two or more Jullices ot the Peace fur the laid refpedive Counties of Warwick and Worctftcr, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the laid 3	Trulkes,

420

48° GEORGII III. Cap.30.

Truftees, or by their Clerk, or Surveyor, or by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work fhall every Year be done upon the faid Road, by the Inhabitants of the refpedlive Parillies or Places in which the faid Road doth lie, and alfo what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch Parifh or Place in lieu of or as a Com-pofition for fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, fhall be by him, her, or them, paid to the faid Truftees, or their Treaiurer or Treafurers j and in order thereunto, it fhall be lawful for fuch Juftices from Time to Time to fummon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every fuch Parifh or Place, to bring in Lifts before fuch Juftices, at fome Place to be expreffed in fuch Summons, (within Ten Days after the ferving of fuch Summons) of the Names of the feveral Pcrfons who within fuch Parifh or Place are by Law fubjedt and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work, diftinguifhing the Nature of the Workto be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otnerwife, and alio the Amount of the refpedlive Sums to be paid ; which Lifts of Names lhali be made in fuch Manner, and under fuch Regulations and Rtftridions as are, or may be diredted by any Law or Statute in force and effedt for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of fuch Lifts the faid Juftices fhall and may allot, appoint, and order fuch and fo many of the Pcrfons who fhall appear fubjedl: and liable to Statute Work as aforefaid, to do fuch Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the faid Road, as the faid Juftices fhall think reafonable; and the fame fhall be done at fuch Days and at fuch Times (not being Hay-time or Harveft), and in fuch Parts of the faid Road as the faid Truftees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, fhall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the faid Juftices fhall and may alfo order and diredt the Perfons who by fuch Lifts fhall appear to be fubjedl and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for Statute Work as aforefaid, to pay fuch Proportion thereof as the faid Juftices (hall think proper, to the faid Truftees or their Treafurer, at fuch Time or Times as they the faid Juftices fhall diredt; and in Default of Puyment thereof, the fame thill and mav be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the refpedtive Perfons liable to the Payment thereof, m like Manner as any Penalty is by the faid recited Adts authorized or diredted to be recovered ; and each and every Perlon who fhall negledt or refufe to do fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left tor him, her, or than, at his, her, or their ufual Place or Fiat es of Abode, for that Purpofe, by any Surveyor of the laid Truftees, fhall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horfe or IIoifcs, Read or Beafts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be fubjedl and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties, and forfeitures, as fuch Perlon or Perfons may be lubjedt or liable to by any Law or Statute in force or tffc& for the Repair of the publick Highways; and it a;iy Pcrfon who lhall come to work as a Labourer, or fhall be fent with any Team or Draught to work on the faid Road, fhall be found idle or negligent by any Survtyor to the faid Truftees, fuch Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Pcrfon wno fhall bt found role or negligent as aforefaid ; and in that Cafe eveiy Rich Perlon fhall be fubjedl and liable 10 the refpedlive Foifeitures and Payments as aforefaid, as if he had neglected or refufed to come, or fuch Team or Dt aught had not been lent to work on any Part of the faid

Read;

421

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

Road; all which. Forfeitures fhall be paid to the Treafarer to the faid Tfruftees, ard applied towards amending ciie flid Road; and in cafe the f„id Surveyor or Surveyors of (he faid blighwaysfor any of ihe faid Parifhes Of Places, (hall refufeor wilfully negledt togivcinfich L'ftsas afu'daid, or fhall kndwlngly and wilfully give in falle or imperfeft L (Vs, every fuch Surveyor footfending (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum net exceeding Forty Shillings.

VI.	And be it further enabled, That if any Money fh II be agreed AppL-at °n 01 awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, tion »hen"e*. purchafed, taken, or ufed by virtue of the Powers of the faid recited reeling mol. Afts and this Aft, for the Purpofes thereof, which fhall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Perfon or Per-fons under any Difability or Incapacity, as in the faid fhft recited Aft particularly mentioned, fuch Money fhall, in cafe the fame (hall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity ot the Accountant-General cf the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, ex parti the Trultees for executing the faid recited Afts and this Aft, to the Intent that fuch Money fhall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Pecitkn, tu be preferred in a fummary Way by the Perfon or Perlons who would have been entitled to the Rrnts and Profits of the Lid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe of the Land Tax, or towards the Dil-charge of any Debt or Debts, or fucb other Incumbrances, or Par thereof, as the Lid Court fhall authorize to be paid, affefting the fame Linds,

Tenements, or Hered taments, or affefting any other Land5, Tenement5, or Hereditaments Handing fettled therewith, to the fame or the like Ufes, Trults, Intents or Purpofes; or where fuch Money (hall not be fo applied, then the fame fhall be laid out and invefted under the like Direction and Approbation cf the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, which fhall be conveyed and fettled to, far, and upon fuch and the like Ules, Trulls, Intents, and Pu'pofes, and in the fame Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which fhall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid, Hood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the l ime ot making the Conveyance and Settlement fhall be exiting, undetermined, and capable of taking Effeft ; and in the mean Time, and until fuch Purchafe (hall be made, the faid Money fhall, by Order of the Lid Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invefted by the laid Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in toe mean Time, and until the faid Bank Annuities fhall be ordered by the (aid Courc to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities (hall, from Time to Time, be paid, by Order of the laid Court, to the Perfon or Perfons who Would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Piofits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments,• fo hereby dnefted to be purchafed in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

[Lee. 6? Per.-]

50

VII. Pro.

422

Application of C'> n pen ration if lefs than 100L an-i exceeding sol.

Application of Compcnfa-tion if lefs than aoL

In cafe of not making out Titles;

or if Perfons cannot be found, Pur- * chafe Money to bepaid into the Bank.

48“ GEORGII III. Cap. 3o.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if any Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofts aforelaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Pcrfon or Perfons under any Disability or Incapacity, fhall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and fhall amount to or exceed theSum|of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons, for the Time being, entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken,or ufed,or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy, or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpeftivc Hands, be paid into the B ink with the Privity, and in the Name of the laid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order tobeapplied in theMannerherein-before direfted ; or otherwife the fame (hall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Truflees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Five or more of the Truftees for executing the laid Tecited Afts and this Aft, (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that fuch Principal Money, and the Dividends arifing thereon, be applied in any Manner herein-before direfted, fo far as the Cafe may be applicable, without obtaining, or bt ing required to obtain, the Direction and Approbation of the laid Court of Chancery.

VIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, Thar when fuch Money, fo agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, fhall be lefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cales, the fame (hall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would tor the Time being, have been entitled to the Rtnts and Profits of the Lands, Tenement-, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes of the Lid Acts and this Aft, infuch Manner as the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, fhall think fit ; or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpeftivcly.

IX.	And be it further enafted. That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to whom any Sum or Sums cf Money fhall be awarded for the Pur-chafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed by virtue of the faid Afts or this Aft, for the Purpoles of the faid Road, (ball refufc to accept the fame, or (hail not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes, to the Satisfaction o£ the faid Truftees, or in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to whom any fuch Sum or Sums ot Money (hall be fo awarded as aforefaid cannot be found, cr if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or difeovered, then and in every fuch Cafe, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the laid Truftees, cr any Five or more of them, to order the Sum and Sums of Money fo awarded as aforelaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties intcrefted in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, \_dejcriling them~\ fubjeft to the Order, Controul, and Difpofuion of the laid Court of Chancery; which laid Court of Chan-

ccry.

4S°GEORGII III. Cap, 30.	423

eery, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum and Sums of Money, or any Parc thereof, by Motion or Petition, fhall be, and is hereby empowered, in a fumrnary Way of Proceeding, or ocherwife, as to the lame Court (hall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and invefted in the Publick Funds, and to order D ftribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpedive Eftate or Eftates, Title or Interelh, of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court (hall feem juft and reafonable; and the Cafhier or Calhiers of the Bank of England who (hall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perlon or Perfons as lhall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as afotd'aid.

X.	And be it further enaded, That where any Queftion (hall arife R fpKt'ng touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of the faid Ads or this Ad, for the Ufe of the faid Read, for the Purchal’e of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Eftate, Right or Intereft in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafcd in puriuance thereof, or to any Sank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money» or to the Dividends or Intereft of any (uch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Peifons who fhall have been in PoflclTion of the Land?, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of luch Purchale, and all Perlons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perlons, or under the Poffeflion of lush Perfon or Perfons, fhall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch Polleflion, until the contrary fhall be fhewn to the Satisfaction of the faid Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, lhall be paid, applied and dilpofed of accordingly, unlefs it lhall be made appear to the laid Court that fuch Pofteffton was a wrongful One, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein.

XI.	Provided alwavs, and be it further enaded, That where, by reafon courtof of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation Chancery t© entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed under ment'of the Authority of the faid Acts cr this Ad, the Purchafe Money for fence., the lame fhall be requited to be paid into the faid Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, robe failed to the like Ufes in purfuance of the laid ACls and this Ad, it lhall be lawful lor the laid Court to order the Expencts of all Purchafes from Time io Time to be made in purfuance of the faid Ads, or this Ad, or lb much of fuch Espences a. the faid Court lhall deem reafonablr, together with the necdLry Colts and Charges of obtaining! fuch Order, to be paid by the laid Trufttes, or any Five or nit re of tlum who ftiali trum Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpoles as the laid Court ftiali dirtd.

XII. And

4*o* GEORGII III. Cap.30.

XII.	And be it further enaffed, That the Charges and Expences incurred in and about the obtaining and palling of this Aft, together with lawful Intereft for all Money which (hall be advanced from Time to Time for that Purpole, fhall be paid out of anv Money already raifed by virtue of the laid recited Afts, or out of the Firft Monies which (ball be raifed or borrowed upon the Credit of the laid recited Afls and this Aft, in preference to all other Payments whatfoever.

PublickAct. XIII. And be it further enafled, That this Aft (hall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Aft, and be judicially taken; Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

XIV.	And be it further enafled, That the faid recited Afts (fubjeft to Commerce, the Alterations, Additions, and Amendments in this Aft contained) and Continuance Aft, lhall continue and be in force and be executed for and during the •f the Act.	Refidue now to come of the Term granted and continued by the faid

recited Acts, and from the Expiration thereof for and during the further Termof Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Stdion of Parliament*

424

For paving the F.xpenccs of this Act.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s mod Excellent Majefty. 1808.

I

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.



Cap, 31,

An A6t for making and maintaining a Road from the JVirkfworth Turnpike Road, in the Hamlet of Ideridgehay, to the Town of Duffidd, in the County of Derby.	[14th	April 1808.]

WHEREAS the making, maintaining, and keeping in Repair a Turnpike Road from and out of the prefent Turnpike Road from the Crofs o'th' Hands on Hulland IVard to Wirkfworth at or near a Field in the Hamlet of Ideridgehay, the Property of William Allfop, and from thence through theTownlhips of Shottle, Po/lern, Hazle-wood, Windlcy, and Duff eld, to the Town or Village of Duffield, all in the County of Derby, will be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the adjacent Country ; and by opening a nearer and more convenient Communication between the Towns of Derby and Wirkfworth aforefaid, will be of great publick Utility: May it therefore pleale Your Majefly that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s moil Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aifembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the Right Honourable Lord George Augujlus Henry Anpo;ntment Cavendifh, the Honourable Nathaniel Curzon, the Honourable David ofTruftees. Francis Curzon Clerk, Sir Robert Wilmot of Chaddefdon, Baronet, the Mayor of the Borough of Derby for the Time being, Richard Arkwright,

Richard Arkwright the younger, Robert Arkwright, Peter Arkwright,

'John Adfetts, William Alfop, Robert Alfop, William Alfop thr younger,

Richard Bakeman, John Balguy, John Balguy the younger, Brian Balguy,

Charles Broadhurjl, Francis Bradjhaw Clerk, William Barber Clerk,

Thomas Barber, Francis Bruckfeld, John Blackwali, Robert Blackwull,

[Lee. is* Per.J	5	P	William

426

for appoirtt-ini' re* Truftec*.

48® GEORG 11 III. Cap. 31.

William Bradjbaw, William Brittlebank, Thomas Brace, John Bennett, George Bownlcr, Nathaniel Bowmer, Henry Brown, Thomas Brown, 'James Bellairs, John Bower, William Cavendifh, Daniel Parker Coke, John Crompton, John Bell Crompton, Gilbert Crompton, John Chaloner Clerk, Edward Cox, John Cox, Thomas Cox, Rodger Cox, John Curxon, Thomas Chamber-lain, Robert Creffwell, John Chatterton, Jofeph Collinfon, Paul Calton, John Drewry, Robert Dannah, Thomas Evans, Edmund Evans, Walter Evans, Nathaniel Edwards, William Eaton, Richard Forrejler Forrejlcr, Thomas Foulki, William Fox, Walter Ford, John Ford, Philip Gell of Hopton, Philip Gell of Wirkfworth, William Gell, Philip Gell Clerk, Thomas Gell Clerk, Benjamin Gell, John Charles Girardott, William Greaves, Anthony Goodwin, Francis Green Goodwin, Benjamin Granger, Thomas Ley Greaves, Thomas Gray/bn, George Garratt, Thomas Gamble, Edward Griffin, Jcjhua Gregory, David Gregory, Francis Hurt, Charles Hurt, Charles Hurt the younger, Richard Hurt, Nathan Hubberjly Clerk, Charles Stead Hope Clerk; John Hope, Robert Hope, John Heaton, Stephen Hall, Thomas Hall, John Harrifon, Henry Philip Hadley, Richard Holden, Nathaniel Hill, Thomas Hough, George Hen, Edmund Hodgkinfon, John Horrocts, Jofeph Handford, John Heap, Edward Hajlam, Richard Paul Joddrell, Rickards hice, Francis Jffop, James Northage James, Walter Jeffop, Charles Johnfon, Edward Jackfon, Matthew Johnfon, Thomas Knowlton, Adam Killer, Michael Kean, William Jeffery Lockett, Richard Leaper, William Longsdon, Thomas Lowe, Henry Lowe, Thomas Thomas, William Lane, Edward Miller Mundy, Francis Noel Clark Mundy, Francis Mundy, Thomas Mather of Bonfall, Edward Mather, Thomas Mather, Jofeph Mather, John Madkin, John Milward, Robert Millington, George Storer Mansfield, Thomas Mar-Jhall, John Leaper Newton, Robert Newton, William Newton, James Norman, John Nuttall, George Nuttall, Samuel Nuttall, William Nuttall, Thomas Newton, George Oldham, James Oakes, George Oakley, Henry Peach Cleric, George Pearfon, James Poyzer, Peter Peal, Samuel Richardfon Radford, Henry Richardfon, Samuel Richardfon, Benjamin Rickards, Thomas Roebuck, Samuel Rowland, George Benfon Strut, Henry Strut, William Strut, William Snowden, Jofeph Sandars, Jofeph Sandars junior, John Sandars, Robert Sykes, James Swettenham, Robert Simpfon, John Simpfon, William Slat bam, William Statham the younger, Ifiac Statham,Thomas Saxelby, Richard Smith, JohnSmith,William Sherwin, JobnSmedley, Thomas Stnedley, William Smedlcy, Francis Smedley, Samuel Saint, Richard Smith of Stone Bridge, John Snib-fon, Thomas Swinburne, John Toplis, Ralph Toplis, William Taylor, William Toplis, John Tempejl, Jarvis Turner, Henry Turner, Jervis ‘Turner the younger, Thomas i urner, Charles Upton, John Udall, Thomas Udall, Thomas Vickers, Edward Ward, Adam Wolley, Robert Wood, William Winrow, Charles Wright, Francis Walker, John Wright, William Wright, Jofeph Wil-jhaw, William While, Humphrey Winfon, John Witliamfon, Samuel WiUiamfon, James Teomans, and their Succedors, to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, (hall be and are hereby appointed Truftees for making, maintaining, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the faid Road, and for carrying this Ad into Execution ; and that when and as often as any of the laid Truftees herein-betbre named, or to be eleded in Manner herein-after mentioned, (hall die, or by Writing under their Hands (hall refufe to ad in the Execution of this Act, it (hall be lawful for the furviving or remaining Truftees from l ime to Time to eled fome fit Eerfon to be a 'l’ruftee in the room of every Truftee dying or refufing to ad as aforeiaid ( Ten Days publick Notice of meeting for every l'uch Elediou

427

48° GEORGII III. Cdp.^i: ; \

being given in fome Newfpaper publiffied or circulated in the faid County, and alfo upon the fevcral Turnpikes or Toll Gates which (hall be then Handing acfofs or upon the faid Road-) and every Perfon who ftiall be fo elefted a Truftee fhall be joined with the furviving or remaining Truftees, and is hereby empowered to aft in the Execution of this Aft to all Intents and Purpofes as if he had been appointed a Truftee in and by this Aft.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That no Perfon Ihall be Qualification capable of afting as a Truftee in the Execution of this Aft who Ihall keep 01 ru any Viftualling Houfe or Houfe of publick Entertainment, or hold any Place of Profit under this Aft, nor in any particular Cafe wherein he Ihall be perfonally interefted ; nor fhall any Perfon be qualified to aft as a Truftee unle s he fhall at the Time of his afting be in his own Right or in the Right oi his Wife in the aftual PofTeflion and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in the County of Derby, of the clear Yearly Value of Fifty Pounds above Reprifes, or fhall be Heir Apparent to a Perfon having fuch Eftate of the clear Yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, or be poffefled of or entitled to a Perfonal Eftate to the Amount of One thoufand Pounds, nor (except in adminiftering the Oath or Affirmation following, and giving Notice of the Firft Meeting of the Truftees herein-after mentioned) until he fhall have taken and fub-fcribed before any Two or more of the faid Truftees (who are hereby authorized to adminifter the fame) an Oath or Affirmation in the Words or to the Effeft following, as the Cafe may require, that is to fay,

4 T	do fwear [or, being One of the People called Quakers, do

*	A folemnly affirm] that I truly and bond fide am in my own Right [or,

4 in Right of my Wife] in the aftual PofTeflion and Enjoyment [or,

4 Receipt] of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-

*	ments in the County of Derby, of the clear Yearly Value of Fifty Pounds

*	above Reprifes, or am poffefled of or entitled to a Perfonal Eftate of the

*	Value of One thoufand Pounds, or am the Heir Apparent of who

*	to the belt of my Knowledge is feifed of a Real Eftate of Lands, Tene-4 ments or Hereditaments in the County of Derby, of the clear Yearly 4 Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprifes. 4 So help me GOD/

And if any Perfon not being qualified as aforefaid, fhall neverthelefs pre- Penalty on fume to aft, every fuch Perfon fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay	not

the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Perfon or Perfons who fliall inform or fue ‘ for the fame, to be recovered in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wefiminficr, by Aftion of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Efioign, Proteftion, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance fhall be allowed ; and the Perfon fo profecuted fhall prove that he is fo qualified, or otherwife fhall pay the faid Penalty without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Profecutor than that fuch Perfon hath afted as a Truftee in the Execution of this Aft ; provided neverthelefs that fuch Afts and Proceedings as fhall have been done done and performed by any fuch Perfon, touching the Execution of this before Con-Aft, previous to his being convifted of the Offence before mentioned, 10 be fliall notwithftanding fuch Conviction be as valid and effeftual as if fuch Perfon had been qualified according to the Directions of this Aft : Provi- Mortgagee! ded always, that any Mortgagee or Aflignee of any Mortgage or other miy atU Security, or any Lender of Money upon the Credit of any of the Tolls 3	granted

428

Truftees in Cemmiffien of the Peace may act as Jufticcs;

Trnfteei may fue or be filed in the Name of their Clerk.

Clerk to be repaid his Expences.

Time and

JPace of Firft Alerting of Truftees.

Truftees to

bear their oven Excuses,

48° GEORG II III. Cap.it.

granted by this Aft, or receiving Intereft thereout for the fame* fhall not on that Account be deemed unqualified to aft as a Truftee ; and that fuch J ruftees as arc or (hall be in the Commiffion of the Peace for the faid County of Derby may aft as Juft ices of the Peace in the Execution of this Aft notwithftanding their being Truftees

III.	And be it further enafted. That the faid Truftees may fue and be fued in the Name of their Clerk or Treafurer, or in the Name of any one of the faid Truftees, and that no fuch Aftion (hall abate or be difcou-tinued by the Death or Removal of the Perfon in whofe Name or againft whom the fame fhall be brought, or by the Aft or Default of fuch Perfon, without the Confent of the faid Truftees at a Meeting to be held for that Purpofe ; and fuch Clerk, Treafurer, or Truftee fhall be reimburfed and paid out of the Monies to be raifed by virtue of this Aft, all fuch Cods, Damages, and Charges as by the Event of every fuch Proceeding he fhall be put to or become chargeable with by Occafion of his being fo made Plaintiff or Defendant.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Truftees or any Three or more of them fhall meet at the Red Lion Inn in Wirkfwortb aforefaid, as foon after this Aft fhall have received the Royal AfTent as conveniently may be, between the Hours of Ten of the Clod; in the Forenoon and One of the Clock in the Afternoon, of which Meeting Notice fhall be given in fome Newlpaper circulated in the faid County of Derby, at leait Seven Days before fuch Meeting, by One or more of the faid Truftees, at which Time and Place the faid iYuftees fhall proceed to the Election of Clerk, and to the Execution of this Aft, and adjourn themfelves from Time to Time, and afterwards meet there or at any other Place upon or within Five Miles from fome Part of the faid Road, as the faid Truftees attending the faid Meeting' fhall think mod convenient, as often as it fhall be neceffary for putting this Aft into Execution ; and if it (hall happen that there fhall not appear at any Meeting a fufficient Number of Truftees to aft or to adjourn to another Day ( Two Truftees being deemed fufficient for the Purpofe of Adjournment only) or in cafe the faid Truftees at any Time affem-bled fhall omit or negleft to adjourn themfelves, the Clerk to the Truftees fhall by Notice in Writing to be affixed on all the Toll Gales or Turnpikes then erefted on the faid Road, and to beinferted in fome New fpaper circulated in the faid County at leaft 'l'en Days before the next Meeting, appoint the Truftees to meet at the Place where the laft Meeting was held or was appointed to be held, or at fome other convenient Houfe within the Diflance above mentioned from the faid Road, on that Day Three Weeks from the Day on which fuch Meeting was held or W'as appointed to have been held ; and in cafe the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Truftees fhall negleft or refufe to give fuch Notice or by any Means fhall be prevented from giving Notice as aforefaid, it fhall be lawful for any Three or more of the faid , j ruftees (although not a (Tumbled at a Meeting) at any Time or'limes after the Space of Ten Days after fuch Refufal or Negleft or Prevention of fuch C.lerk or Clerks, by Notice in Writing under their Hands, to be affixed and inferred in Manner aforefaid, to appoint the faid Truftees to meet at fome convenient Houfe in or near the faid Road, upon that,Dav Three Weeks after the Date of fuch laft mentioned Notice, and that the laid Trfif-tees at all their Meetings fhall defray their own F.xpsnccs: Provided always, that no Aft, Order, . or Proceeding of die laid Truftees

+ 29

48° GEORG II III. Cap. 31.

/hall be deemed to be valid unlefs done, made, or had, at a Meeting to be held in purfuance of this Act (except in Cafes herein provided for), and that no fuch Aft, Order, or Proceeding fhall be done, made, or had, unlefs a Majority of the Truftees prefent fhall concur therein ; and that all Afts, Orders, and Proceedings fo done, made, or had, (hall have the fame force and effeft as if the fame were done, made, or had by or before all the Truftees ; nor fhall any Order or Appointment made at a Meeting of the faid Truftees be revoked or altered at any fubfequent Meeting, unlefs Notice in Writing fpecifving the Revocation or Alteration intended to be made, be affixed upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes then erefted by virtue of this Aft, and alfo inferted as aforefaid, at leaft Fifteen Days before fuch fubfequent Meeting, nor unlefs a Majority of Three-fourths of the Truftees prefent at fuch Meeting (hall decide in Favour of fuch Revo* cation or Alteration.

V.	And be it further enafted. That if after any Adjournment of the faid Truftees, it (hall at any Time be thought neceflary by any Three of more of them that an earlier Day cf Meeting (hould be appointed than the Day to which fuch Meeting (hall have been adjourned, the faid Clerk by an Order in Writing, figned by Three or more of the faid Truftees, although not afiembled at a Meeting, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpofe of fuch Meeting, (hall forthwith give Notice of fuch earlier Meeting in the Manner before direfted (fuch Time not being lefs than Seven Days after fuch Notice); and all Proceedings of the Truftees at fuch Meeting (hall be as valid as they would have been in cafe the Truftees had met in purfuance of an Adjournment.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That all the Orders and Proceedings of the faid Truftees (hall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by the Clerk for that Purpofe, and figned by all or the major Part of the Truftees prefent at the Meeting at which each refpeftive Order or Proceeding (hall be made or had, or by their Chairman or Clerk by their Order, and that every fuch Book (hall be open at all feafonable Times to the Infpec-tion of any of the faid Truftees, who (hall be at Liberty to take Copies thereof or Extrafls therefrom without Fee or Reward ; which faid Entries duly figned as aforefaid (hall be deemed Originals, and the fame or true Copies thereof (hall be read and admitted as Evidence in Cafes of Appeal, and in all Suits and Aftions in any Court whatfoever, touching any thing done in purfuance of this Aft.

VII.	And be it further enafted. That the faid Truftees (hall and may by Writing under their Hands nominate and appoint one or more (it Perlbn or Perions to be a Clerk or Clerks, Treafureror Treafurers, Colleftor or Colleftors of the Tolls, Surveyor or Surveyors of the laid Road, and alfo fuch other Officers as they (hall think neceflary to employ in the Execution of this Aft, and (hall take fuch Security for the Execution of their refpeftive Offices as they the faid Truftees (hall deem requilitc; and the faid Truftees alfo may from Time to Time remove any fuch Clerk, Treafurer, Receiver, Colleftor, Surveyor, and other Officers as they (hall fce Occafion, and appoint others in cafe of fuch Removal or of Death; and that out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Aft, fuch Allowances and ConTpenfations (hall be made to the feveral Officers to be appointed as aforefaid, and to fuch other Perfons as (hall be a (Tilling m

[Lee. S3* Per.J	5	Q	and

Meet»ftgs on

Emergencies.

Ord* rs and Proceedings to be entered in Books, and lie admitted a a Evidence,

Truftees may

appoint

blfictrs.

430

Officers to ac ount on Oath.

48* G E ORG11 III. Cap. 2 r.

and about the Execution cf this Aft, as to the faid Truftees fliall feem proper.

VIII.	And be it further enafted. That all fuch Officers and all other Perfons fnall from Time to Time, when thereunto required by the faid Trultees, deliver to fuch Truflees or to fuch Perfon or Peifons as they fliall for that Purpofe appoint, a true and perfeft Account in Writing under their refpeftive Hands, of all Monies which ffiall have been by them refpftively had, collected, or received by virtue or in confcqucrxe of this Aft, and how and to whom and for what Purpofe the fame or any Part thereof hath been difpofed of, together with proper Vouchers and Receipts for fuch Payments, and ffiall verify the Accounts upon Oath ; and fuch Officers and Perfons ffiall and they are hereby refpeftively required to pay all fuch Monies as upon the Balance ot fuch Account or Accounts ffiall appear to be in their Hands, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Truftees ffiall appoint to receive the lame ; and if any of the faid Officers or Perfons ffiall rclufe or negleft to render or give fuch Accounts as afore faid, or to produce or deliver up the Vouchers and Receipts relating to the fame, or to verify the Articles thereof on Oath (which Oath the faid Truftees or any One or more of them is or are hereby authorized and empowered to adminilter) or to pay the Balance remaining in their Hands when thereunto required in Manner aforefaid, or if any fuch Officers or Perfons fliall refuie or negleft to deliver up to the faid Truftees, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they ffiall appoint, within Four Days after being thereunto required by the faid Truftees, all Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings in their relpective Cuftody or Power in anywil'e relating to the Execution of this Aft or to the faid Road, and Complaint ffiall be made of any fuch Negleft or Refufal to any Juftice of the Peace for the faid County of Derby, by any One or more of the faid 1 ruftees, or by any Perfon or Perfons on their Behalf, fuch Juftice may and is hereby authorized and required by Warrant or Warrants to caufe fuch Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons to be brought before him, and upon his, her, or their appearing or not appearing (except for fome reafonable Excufe, and having been firft duly fummoned) to hear and determine the Matter of fuch Complaint in a fummary Way, and to fettle the faid Account or Accounts, if produced, in fuch Manner as the fold Truftees might have done; and if upon the Settlement of fuch Account or Accounts, or upon the Confeffion of the Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons againft whom any fuch Complaint ffiall be made, or by the Oath or Oaths of any credible Witnefs or Witneffes, it fliall appear to fuch Juftice that any of the Monies which ffiall have been collected or received fliall be in the Hands of fuch Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons, fuch Juftice may and he is hereby authorized and required upon Non-payment thereof, by a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to caufe fuch Money to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons refpeftively ; and if Goods or Chattels fliall not be found fufficient to anfwer and fatisfy the laid Money, and the Charges of luch Diftrefs and Sale, or if fuch Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons fliall not appear before the faid Juftice at the Time and Place by him appointed for that Purpofe (except as aforefaid) or appearing fliall refufe or negleft to give and deliver to the faid Juftice an Account or Accounts of ihe Receipts and Payments as aforefaid, or to verify the Truth of any fuch Accounts, or of the Articles thereof upon

Oath

431

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

Oath as aforefaid, or to produce and deliver to the laid Juflice the feveral Vouchers and Receipts relating to fuch Accounts refpeftively, or the Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings in his, her, or their Cuftody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Aft or to the Road in anywife, then and in either of the Cafes aforefaid, the faid jullice may and is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to commit fuch Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons to the Common Gaol of the repeftive County or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he, (he, or they fliall have delivered in and fettled his, her, or their Accounts, and have verified the fame upon Oath, and ffiall have delivered up the Vouchers and Receipts relating thereto, and ffiall have paid the Money which ffiall appear to be in his, her, or their refpeftive Hands, and the reafonable Charges of fuch Diltrefs and Sale as fhall in that refpeft have been made ; or until he, fhe, or they ffiall have compounded with the faid Trultees for the fame, and paid the Compofition Money to the faid Trultees or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they ffiall appoint to receive the fame (and which Compofition the laid Trultees are hereby in fuch Cafe empowered to make) or until he, (he, or they fliall deliver up fuch Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings as aforefaid, or have given Satisfaction in refpeft thereof to the faid Trultees: Provided always, that no Perfon ffiall be committed for want of fufficient Diltrefs for any longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That upon the Death, Incapacity, Trultees to Abfconding, Milbehaviour, or Abfence of any Colleftor or Receiver of the Jf.arJorarv Tolls, any Five or more of the faid Trultees, though not at a Meeting ot Collector,, the faid Trultees appointed by virtue of this Aft, fliall and may lawfully difeharge fuch Colleftor or Receiver who ffiall become incapable, abfeond, miffiehave, or abfent himfelf as aforefaid, and nominate and appoint a proper Perfon to be a Colleftor or Receiver of the faid Tolls in the Head of fuch Colleftor or Receiver fo dying, abfconding, or being difeharged as aforefaid, and to continue until the next Meeting of the faid Trultees, which Perfon fo nominated and appointed fliall have the like Power and Authority, and be anfwerable and accountable in the fame Manner in all refpefts as the Perfon who fliall die, abfeond, or be difeharged would have had or been fubjeft to ; and that if any Colleftor or Receiver of the Tolls who ffiall at any Time be difeharged from his faid Office by the Trultees by virtue of this Aft, or the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children,

Family, or other Reprefentatives of any Colleftor or Receiver who ffiall die, abfeond, abfent himfelf, or be difeharged, or any other Perfon ffiall refufe or negleft to deliver up the Polfeffion of any Toll Houfe or Building to be erefted or fet up by virtue of this Aft, or the Garden or other Appurtenances belonging thereto, for the Space of Four Days after Demand thereof made, and Notice in Writing given or left on the Pre-jnifes for that Purpofe, by or under the Hands of any Three or more of the faid Trultees or their Clerk or Treafurer, the. and in any of the faid Cafes it ffiall be lawful for any Juftice or Jullices of the Peace for the faid County of Derby, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to order any Conltable or other Peace Officer within the faid County, with fuch Affillance as ffiall be neceffary, to enter fuch Houfe or Building in the Day Time, and to remove the Perfon or Perfons who ffiall be found therein and the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, together with his or their Goods, our of the fame, and to put the faid Trultees, or any of

6	them,

432

Power to -reft Tin npiko. and Toll Uoufci.

Tulls.

Sunday Tull.

Manner of Recovery.

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 3.1.

them, or their Clerk or their new appointed Officer, into the Poffeflion thereof with the Appurtenances.

X.	And be it further enabled, That the faid Truflees fhall and may ereft and fet up or caufe to be ere&ed and fet up Two or more Toll Gates or Turnpikes in, upon, and acrof> the faid Road, provided that One Toll only be taken thereat (except as herein-after mentioned) and all'o may eredl and fet up or caufe to be erefled and fet up acrofs or on the Sides or Side of any Part of the faid Road, and alfo acrofs aiy Lane or Way leading into the fame, as many Side Gates or Turnpikes as they (hall think proper, with a Toll Houfe and proper neceflary Buildings, Gardens, Conveniences, and Fences near to each fuch Gate or Turnpike, whether acrofs the faid Road or on the Side thereof (except alfo as herein-after mentioned) and that the refpedtive Tolls following (hall be demanded and taken by fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Trullees fhall from '1 ime to Time appoint, at each of the faid Gates or Turnpikes ; that is to fay.

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Sociable, Chariot, Curricle, Calafh, Hearfe, Chaife, Phaeton, Whifky, or Chair, drawn by more than Two Horfes or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by Two Horfes or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling ; or drawn by One Horfe or other Beall of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence.

And for every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other fuch Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Six Inches, and drawn by One or more Horfe or Horfes or other Beall or Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Three-pence per Horfe :

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other fuch Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of a lefs Breadth than Six Inches, and drawn by One or more Horfe or Horfes or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence per Horfe :

And for every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Three Halfpence:

And for every Score of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score ; and fo in proportion for any lefs Number:

And for every Score of Calves, Swine, Sheep or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score; and fo in proportion for any lefs Number.

XI.	And be it further enadted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the refpedlive Toll Gatherers or Colledlors on the faid Road and they are hereby authorized and required, on each and every Su day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock on the Saturday Night to Twelve of the Clock on the Sunday Night) throughout the Year, to demand and take for every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other Beall, drawing or not drawing, and for every Drove of Oxen, Cows, Neat Cattle, Calves, Sheep, Lambs, Hogs or Swine, Double the Toll or Sum which may be demanded or taken for the fame refpedlively on any other Dav by virtue of this A cl; which faid refpeclive Tolls fhall be and are hereby veiled in the faid Trullees ; and if any Perfon or Perfons fubjedl to the Payment of any of the faid Tolls fhall, after Demand thereof made, negledt or refufe to pay the fame or any Part thereof, it fhall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons appointed to colledl the faid Tolls, by himlelf, herfelf, or them-felves, or taking fuch Affiflance as he, fhe, or they fhall think neceflary.

433

4.8* GEORG II III. Cap.ill

to feize or d 1ftrain any Horfc or Ilorfes, or other Beafts or Cattle upon which fuch f Toll is. by this Aft impofed, together with their Bridles, Baddies, Geers, ITamefs, or Accoutrements; and if fuch Tolls and the rcafonable Charges of fuch Seizure and Diftrefs lhall not be paid within the Space of Four Days next after fuch Seizure and Diftrefs made, the Per-fon or Perfons fo leizing and diftraining (hall and may fell the Iiorfe or liorfes, Cattle or Things fo feized or diftrained, or a fufUcient Part thereof, returning the Overplus (if any be) and-what lhall remain unfold on Demand to the Owner thereof, after fuqh Tolls and the reafonable Charges occafioned by fuch Seizure and Diftrefs fhall be dedufted and paid ; and that all the Tolls and Monies fo to be collefted and levied, and the Money borrowed or to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, and all other Monies arifing by virtue thereof, fhall be paid, applied, and difpofed of to and for the feveral Ufes, Intents and Purpofes, and in fuch Manner as is herein mentioned.

XII.	Provided always, and be it. further enafted. That if any Difpute lhall happen about the Quantity of Tolls due, or the Charges of keeping any Diftrefs or Diftreffes, it (hail be lawful fpr the Collector or Perfon dif-training to retain the fame, or the Money arifing by Sale thereof, as the Cafe may happen, until the Quantity of Tills due, and Charges of Seizure, diftraining, keeping, and felling fuch Diftrefs or Diftreffes, fhall be afcer-taincd by fome Jultice of the Peace for the laid County, who upon Application made to him for that Purpofe (hall examine the faid Matter on Oath of the Parties, or any credible Wirncfp or Witneffes, and determine the Quantity of the Tolls due, and all els the Charges of fuch Seizure, Diftrefs, Keeping, and Sale, and glGa of the Collector's Attendance for that Purpofe on the faid Juftice, all,which,.Sums fo determined or affefled (hall be paid to the faid Colleftor or other Perfon' before he (hall be obliged to return any Diftrefs or the Overplus Money after the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof,

XIII.	And be it further enafted. That in Cafe any Difpute, Suit, or Litigation lhall arife, touching or in anywile relating to the faid Tolls or any of them, or to the Execution of any of the Powers of this Aft, the Perfon or Perfons appointed to col left the laid Tolls, or any other Perfon or Perfons afting by or under the Authority of the faid Truftees, (hall not be deemed to be incompetent to give Evidence in any fuch Difpute, Suit, or Litigation, by reafon of their being fo appointed.

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That every Colleftor or Receiver of the Tolls on the (aid Road (hall and is hereby required to place his Chriftian and Surname, painted on a Board in White Letters on a Black Ground in fair legible Charafters, of luch Size as the faid Truftees (hall direft, in the Front of the Toll Houfe where he (hall be ftationed to collect the faid Tolls, immediately on his coming on Duty, and (hall continue the fame fo placed during the whole Time he (hall be upon fuch Duty; and if any Colleftor or Receiver of the faid Toiis lhall not place fuch Board as aforefaid in the Manner and during the Time aforefaid, or lhall demand or take a greater Toll from any Perfon than he lhall be authorized to do by virtue of this Aft, or (hall refute to permit or fuffer, or in any wife hinder any Perfon or Perfons from reading fuch Chriftian or Surname when placed up % aforefaid, or lhall refule to tell his Chriftian or Surnafne to

ffi'per.2	5	R	any

Dilutes concerning Tolls to be lcttled by a Juftice.

Collectors of Tolls comp-tent Witneffes-

Collectors of Tolls to p"t their Names Front ofthe Toll Houfes.

434

Application of the Money.

Trfl's to be taken but once for paffing and rcpaDir.g.

Tolls may be ^impounded

Truitees may letlen the Tolls and raife them again if necef-fcry.

Penalty for difpoftng of Tickets to avoid the Tolls.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

any Perfon or Perfons who fhall demand the fame upon having paid the faid Tolls, or (hall give a falfe Name upon fuch Demand, every fuch Collector or Receiver fhall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every fuch Offence.

XV.	And be it further enabled. That out of the Monies to be received by virtue or to be borrowed on the Credit of this Aft, the faid Truftees fhall firfl pay and difeharge the Expences of procuring and paffing this Aft, and the Remainder of fuch Monies fhall from Time to Time be applied in erefting Toll Gates or Turnpikes and Toll Houfes, and in making, repairing, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the faid Road and Works, and in defraying the neceffary Expences attending the Execution of this Aft, and in paying the Intereft and Principal of any Money to be borrowed by virtue hereof, and to no other Ufe or Purpofe what-foever, except as herein-after mentioned.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That no Perfon who fhall have paid One whole Toll for paffing through any Toll Gate or Turnpike, to be erefted by virtue of this Aft, fhall be fubjeft to any Toll for returning through fuch Toll Gate'or Turnpike once on the fame Day before Twelve of the Clock at Night, but fhall fo return Toll-free.

XVII.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Truftees may and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time, as they fhall fee convenient, to compound and agree for any Term not exceeding One Year at any one Time, with all or any of the Inhabitants of the feveral Towns, Parilhes, Hamlets, or Places near to or through which the faid Road hereby directed to be made and repaired doth lead for the paffing of their Horfes and other Beafts or Cattle through all or any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes to be erefted by virtue of this Aft, which Compofition Money fhall be paid in advance, and in Default thereof the Compofition or Agreement with the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Default fhall be void.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted. That the faid Truftees at any Meeting to be held for that Purpofe (whereof Twenty-one Days Notice fhall be fixed in Writing upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes then erefted by virtue of this Aft) may and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time to reduce all or any of the faid Tolls hereby granted, and to order fuch Tolls fo reduced to be collefted and received in fuch Manner, Parts, and Proportions as they fhall think fit, fo as fuch Reduction be no Prejudice to and be with the Confent of Three-fourth Parts in Value of the feveral Perfons who fhall be entitled to the Money then due on the Credit of the faid Tolls at the Time of fuch Reduftion; and the faid Trutlees may and they are hereby empowered to raife the faid Tolls again or any Part thereof, fo as the fame do not exceed the refpeftivc Rates hcrein-before granted; and fuch Tolls fo reduced and raifed again refpeftively, fhall be collefted, recovered, and applied in the lame Manner as the Tolls herein-before granted are direfted to be collefted, recovered, and applied.

XIX.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall difpofe or offer to dipofe of 2ny 'Ticket to any Perfon or Perfons in order to evade the Payment of any of the faid Tolls, any fuch Perfon or Perfons receiving and making ufe of the fame, fhall refpeftively forfeit any Sum

•	,	i	not

435

48° GEGRGII III. Cap. 31.

not exceeding Forty Shillings whereof One Moiety fhall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety ftiall be applied towards the Purpofes of this Ad.

XX.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded and declared. That no Exemption* Toll (hall be demanded or taken for any Cattle or Carriages employed in from r°n‘ carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the lame Day, Stone, Brick, Gravel, or other Materials for making or repairing the faid Road, or for repairing the Highways in any Pariflit or Place through which any Part of the faid Road leads, or laden only with Dung, Marl, Soil, or other Manure (except Lime from the Thirty-firft Day of Oiiober to the Thirtieth Day of April) to be ufed in manuring any Lands or Grounds, cr with Corn going to be ground or returning from being ground at Pojlern Mill for the private Ufeofthe Occupiers of Farms and Lands in Shottls and Poftcrn aforefaid, and not for Sale, or with any Grafs, Hay, Santfoin, Fodder, Straw, or Corn in the Straw, to be laid up in any of the Iloufes, Outhoufes, Barns, Yards, or Premifes of the Owners thereof for their own private Ufe and Confumption only, and not for Sale; nor for any Cattle drawing or Carriage going empty* or returning empty after being laden only with any Plough, Harrow, or other Implements of Hufbandry; nor for any Horfe or Horfes or other Cattle going to or from Water, Plough, Paflure, or other Work in Hufbandry, or from being (hoed or farried ; nor (hall any Toll be demanded or taken of or from any Reclor, Vicar, or Curate going to or returning from his own private Church or other Place of Divine Wurlhip, or vifit-ing his ftck Parifhioners, or of or from any Perfon or Perfons in any of the faid Parifhes or Places for pafling through any of the faid Toll Gates or Turnpikes on Sundays, or on any other Day on which Divine Worlhip is ordered by Authority to be celebrated to or from his, her, or their re-fpeclive Parilh Church or other ufual Place of Religious Worlhip licenfed according to Law, for the Purpofe of attending or after having attended Divine Service thereat; or for any Cattle or Carriage conveying the Corpfe or attending the Funeral of any Perfon to be interred in any of the faid Parities or Places, or for any Horfes or Carriages of whatever Defcription employed or to be employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding Mails of Letters and Exprcfies under the Authority of His Majelly's Poll Mailer General, or in returning back from conveying or guarding the fame; or for the Horfes of Soldiers upon their March or upon Duty, or for Horfes,

Cattle, or Carriages attending them, or laden only with their Arms or Baggage, or employed in conveying any ftck, wounded, or difabled Officers or Soldiers ; or for Horfes or Carriages travelling with Vagrants fent by legal Paffes, or for any Coaches, Berlins, Landaus. Sociables, Chariots,

Curricles, Calalhes, Ckaifes, Phaetons, Whifkies, Chairs, or other Carriages, or Paffengers on Horfeback going to or returning from any Election of any Knight or Knights of the Shire to lerve in Parliament for the faid County or Borough of Derby, on the Day or Days of fuch Election, or on the Day before or Day after fuch Eleftion (hall begin or be concluded ; and that no Toll (hall be demanded or taken for any Horfe, Mare, or Gelding furnilhed by or for any Perfon belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, rode in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Day* of Exercife, provided that fuch Perfons fhaH be dreffed in the Uniform of their refpeclive Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps refpe&ively, at the Time of claiming fuch Ex-7	emption

436

Truftees may let the Tolls,

For letting Weighing Engine s.

Fnnbling the Tru(tee« to take Pofief-fio» »f the Toll Houfes when let to farm.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 31-

emption as aforefaid; and if any Perfon (hall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Ad granted from the whole or any Part of the feveral Tolls hereby authorized to be taken, not being entitled to the fame, fuch Perfon fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXI.	And be it further enacted, That it fhall be lawful for the faid Truftees at any Meeting whereof Twenty-one Days Notice fhall have been given in Writing affixed upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes then ereded by virtue of this Ad, and inferted in fome Newfpaper circulated in .the Neighbourhood of the faid Road, from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands, to let and demile or agree to let and demife the Tolls arifing by virtue of this Ad, or any Part or Parts thereof, for any Term not exceeding Five Years, upon publick Bidding to the higheft Bidder, and for the belt Price that can be gotten for the fame, payable at fuch Times and to fuch Perfon or Perfons, and under fuch Conditions and Agreements, and with fuch Sureties for the Payment thereof a3 the faid Truftees fhall think fit; and the Money arifing thereby fhall be applied in fuch Manner as the Tolls fo leafed are direded to be applied.

XXII.	And be it further enaded. That it fhall be lawful for the faid Truftees at any Meeting after fuch Notice, to let to farm either with or without the Tolls by this Ad authorized to be taken, the Weighing Engines which may be ereded by virtue of the faid Ad parted in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, and the additional Tolls and Duties granted and made payable thereat, for any Carriage which with its Loading fhall weigh more than the Weight allowed by Law, provided that the faid additional Tolls be let in the fame Manner as the Tolls arifing at the Toll Gates or Turnpikes are by this Ad direded or preferibed to be let.

XXIII.	And be it further enaded. That in cafe any of the faid feveral and refpedive Tolls fhall at any Time or Times during the Continuance of this Ad be demifed or let to farm to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, and the Leffee or Leffees, Farmer or Farmers thereof, fhall negled or re-fufe to perform the Terms and Conditions on which the fame fhall be fo demifed or let, or in cafe the Rent or Rents agreed to be paid by fuch Leffee or Leffees, or Farmer or Farmers, fhall be in arrear, by the Space of Ten Days on which the fame ought to be paid purfuant to the Agreement for letting the fame, then and in either of thofe Cafes, the faid Truftees or any Three or more of them, although not affembled at a Meeting, or their Clerk or Treafurer or other Perfon authorized by Writing under the Hands of any Three or more of them as aforefaid, fhall be at Liberty and they are hereby authorized to enter into and upon the Pofleffion ot the Toll Houfe or Toll Houfes, with the Buildings, Gates, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, fo let as aforefaid, and to remove fuch Leffee or Leffees, Farmer or Farmers from the Pofleffion thereof, and from the Colledion of the Tolls there payable; and that thereupon it fhall be lawful for the faid Truftees (if they fhall think fit) to vacate and determine the Contradf or Agreement for leafing or letting the faid Tolls to fuch Leffee or Leffees, Farmer or Farmers, and the fame fhall be utterly void to all Intents and Purpofes (fave as to the Covenants and Agreements for Payment of ths Rent or Rents thereby referved) as if fuch Demife or Agreement had never been made; and it fhall and may be lawful for the fajd Truftees in

every

437

48° GEORG Ii iH. Cap.^t.

every fuch Cafe, to derr.ife or let to farm the faid Tolls again to any other Perfon or Perfons, or caufe them to be taken and collebted, as if no former Contract or Agreement had been entered into relative thereto.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons owning or occupying any Land or Place near to the faid Road, lhall knowingly permit or fuffer any Perfon or Perfons who (hall have travelled on the faid Road for the Diftasjce of One hundred Yards, to pals through any Gate, Paffage, Inclofure, or private Way with any Plorfes, Cattle, or Carriage; or if any Perfon or Perfons fliall pafs through any fuch Gate, Paffage, Inclofure, or private Way, with any Iiorle, Cattle, or Carriage, whereby tire Payment of any of the faid Tolls or any Part thereof lhall be avoided ; or if any Perfon or Perfons fliall fraudulently pafs through any fuch Turnpike or Toll Gate with any Iiorfe, Beall, or other Cattle without Payment of Toll; or fliall take off or caufe to be taken off any Horfe or other Cattle from any Carriage, or having paffed through any fuch Turnpike or Toll Gate, lhall afterwards add or put an additional Horfe or Horfes, Bead or Bealls, to fuch Carriage with Intent to evade the Payment of the faid Tolls or any Part thereof; or lhall leave or caufe to be left upon or near the faid Road any Cattle or Carriage, or fliall unload any Goods from or out of any Carriage, with fuch Intent as aforefaid; or in any other Manner evade or attempt to evade the Payment of the faid Tolls or any Part thereof, every Perfon lo offending lhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any bum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it lhall be lawful for the faid Trullees from Time to Time to take down and remove any Toll Gate or Turnpike Buildings, and other Conveniences erected or provided by virtue of this Abl, and to difcontinue or to fet up the fame again in or on the Side of any other Part of the faid Road, except as aforefaid; provided neverthelefs, that no Toll Gate or Turnpike to be erebted or let up by virtue of this Act, fliall at any Time after the fame fliall be lo fet up, be taken down or removed to any other Place, except by Order of the laid Trullees at a Meeting convened for that Purpofe, and unlefs Notice in Writing fpecifying the Purpofe of fuch Meeting, be affixed upon all the Turnpikes then erected by virtue of this Act, and alfo inferred in fome Newlpaper circulated in the faid County, Twenty-one Days at leaft before fuch Meeting, any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithllanding.

XXVI.	And be it further enabled. That the Right and Property of all the faid Toll Gates, Turnpikes, and Toll Houfes and other Buildings to be ercbted or provided upon or at the Side of or near the faid Road, and of the Materials for building or altering the fame refpebtively, and all Materials and other Things which fliall be provided, collebted, or made ufe of for making, repairing, or improving the faid Road, or for executing this Act, lhall be and the fame are hereby veiled in the faid Trullees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring Abtions in the Name or Names of any one or more of them, or of their Treafurer or Treafurers, Clerk or Clerks, ox to prefer Bills of Indibtment againlt any Perfon or Perfons who lhall Heal, take away or damage any of fuch Toll Gates, Turnpikes, Toll Houfes or other Buildings, Materials, or other Things as

[Lee. Ss? Prr.]	5 S	aforefaid.

Penalty on .

Evafion of Tolls.

Power to remove Gates and Toll Hoafes.

T tirnpikesand Toll houfes veiled in Trullees.

43&

48" GEORGII III. Cap. $1.

aforefaid, or difturb the faid Truftees or any of them, or any of their Collectors or other Officers in the Poffeflion thereof, or of any of them.

Power to hor-	XX VII. And be it further enacted, That it fhall be lawf ul for the

rdw Money.	Truftees, or any Three or more of them, from Time to Time to borrow

and take up at Intereft fuch Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Two thouland Pounds, as they fhall think fit, upon the Credit of the Tolls arifing by virtue of this Aft or any Part or Parts thereof, and by any W riting under their Hands and Seals to aflign over the laid Tolls, and the faia Toll Gates and Toll Houles with the Appurtenances (the Charges of fuch Alignments to be pa d out of the faid Tolls) to any Perfon or Perfons for any Term during the Continuance of this Aft, as a Security or Securities for any Sum or Sums of Money fo to be borrowed with lawful Intereft, as. the faid Truftees fhall think proper; which faid Money fo borrowed fhall be applied and difpofed of in fuch Manner as the Tolls are herein direfted to be applied and difpofed of, and that fuch Aflignments fhall be in the Form or to the Effeft following ; videlicet,

* T)Y virtue of an Aft made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of

* ^ His Majefty King George the Third, intituled [here itifert the Title

*	of this Act] We	of	the	Truftees	for	executing	the	faid	Aft,

e in confideration of the Sum of	to	the	Treafurer	of	the

*	faid Road in Hand paid, do grant, bargain, fell, and demife unto

‘	his	Executors,	Adminiftratois,	and	Afligns,	fuch	Proportions

*	of the Tolls arifing from the faid Road, and of the Turnpikes and Toll

*	Houfes for collefting the fame, as the faid Sum of	doth

‘ or fhall bear to the whole Sum due and owing on the Credit thereof,

*	to be had and holden from the	Day	of	in	the

*	Year of our Lord	for	and	during	the	Continuance	of	the	faid

*	Aft, unlefs the faid Sum of	with	Intereft	at	the

‘ Rate of	per Centum per Annum, fhall be fooner paid and

*	fatisfied.’

Mongages to And Copies of fuch Mortgages fhall be entered in a Book or Books to be be entered in kept for that Purpofe by the Clerk or Treafurer to the faid Truftees, and which faid Book or Books fhall and may at all feafonable Times be perufed

and infpefted by the faid Truftees or Mortgagees, or any Perfon or Perfons on their Behalf without Fee or Reward ; and every Perfon to whom any Mortgage fhall be made as aforefaid, or who fhall be entitled to the Money thereby fecured, may from Time to Time transfer his or her Right, Title, Intereft, or Benefit to the faid Mortgage, and the Principal and Intereft thereby fecured to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, by Indorfe-ment on the Back of fuch Security, or by any Writing under his or her Hand, before one credible Witnefs, in the following Words, or Words to the like Effeft, (videlicet),

T Do transfer this Mortgage [or, a certain Mortgage, as the Cafe may be] with all my Right and Title to the Principal thereby fecured, and to all Intereft now due upon the fame, unto

Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns. Dated this Day of

Form of Transfer.

Which

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 3i.

Which Transfer (hall be produced and notified to the faid Clerk or Trea-furer within Twenty Days after the Date thereof, who fhall caufe an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof in the before mentioned Book or Books, containing the Numbers, Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money therein transferred, for which the faid Clerk or Treafurer fhall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and fuch Transfer fhall then entitle fuch Aflignee, his, her, or their Executors, Adminidrators, and Affigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and fuch Affignee may in like Manner aiTign or transfer the fame again, and fo toiies quoties; and it fhall not be in the Power of any Perfon or Perfons (except the Per-fon and Perfons to whom the fame fhall be lafl afligned' to make void, releafe, or difcharge the original Securities or any Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof; and all Perfons to whom any Mortgage or Transfer fhall be made by virtue of this Aft, fhall be in Proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money therein mentioned Creditors on the Tolls by this Aft granted, in equal Degree one with another, and fhall have no Preference in refpeft of the Priority of the Time of advancing any Sum or Sums of Money on fuch Mortgages or Mortgage, or of the Dates thereof refpeftively.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted. That the faid Truflees fhall be ^rufte s n^y and are hereby fully empowered to make the Road by this Aft intended Roads to be made, and for that Purpofe to ufe, turn, divert, alter, or widen any Part of the prefent Road, and from Time to Time to contraft with any Perfon or Perfons for the Purchafe or Exchange of any Lands or Hereditaments lying on the Side or Sides of or near to any Part or Parts of the faid Road, provided that fuch Part or Parts of the faid Road as fhall be fo widened, turned, or altered, be not thereby made wider than the Breadth of Sixty Feet including the Ditches, and to pay for the faid Lands and Hereditaments refpeftively by and out of the l olls and other Monies to be raifed by virtue of this Ad ; and it fhall be lawful for all Bodies Politic or Corporate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trufl,

Executors, Adminiftrators, Guardians, and other Truflees, for and on behalf of Infants, Femes Covert, and to and for all other Perfons whomfoever, to contraft and agree with the faid Truflees for the abfolute Sale or Exchange of fuch Lands or Hereditaments, and of their refpeftive Eflates and Interefls therein, and may and are hereby enabled to convey fuch Lands to the faid Truflees, or to permit them to take and ufe the fame for #~the Purpofes aforefaid ; and all Contrafts, Sales, and Conveyances, that Thall be made as aforefaid, fhall be valid and binding upon all Perfons and for all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever; but this Aft fhall not extend to the taking down of any Dweliinghoufe or other Building, or to the taking in of any Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a Houfe or any inclofed Ground planted or fet apart as a Nur-fery for Trees, or the Scite of any Manufaftory, or Refervoirs, Railways, Timber Yards, Coal Yards, or other inclofed Repofitories thereto belonging, without the Confent of the Owner or Proprietor thereof.	.

XXIX.	And whereas a Map or Plan deferibing the Line of the faid For reft.-ain-Road, and the Lands through which the fame is to be carried, together	uf‘

with a Book of Reference containing a Lill of the Names of the Owners deviatin’ be-and Occupiers of fuch Lands, have been depofited at the Office of the y°^nac“'^”n Clerk of the Peace for the County of Derby: Be it therefore enafted, That the 1 ini de-9	the	£,ribetn !ht

*	Plan, &c.

440

Truftees may make the Road through Grounds although the Owner1* Names are not in the Book of Reference-

Tiu^ees may purch.de.

48* GEORGII III. Cap.yL.

the faid Map or Plan. and Book of Reference fhail remain in the Cuftbdy of the Clerk of the Peace for the faid County, to the end that all perfons may at any feafonable Times have Liberty to infpeft and perufe the fame, and to take Copies or Extra&s therepf at their Will and Pleasure, paying the Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every fuch In-fpection, and at the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words of fuch Copies pr Extracts of the faid Map or Plan find Book of Reference ; and that the faid Truftees in making the faid Road, lhall not deviate more than One hundred Yards of Three Feet each, from the Line defcribed in the faid Map or Plan, without the Confent and Approbation in Writing, of the Perfon or Perfons, Body Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, through whofe Lands or Grounds fuch Deviation lhall be made.

XXX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees to make the faid Road into, through, acrofs or over the feveral I.ands or Grounds of any Perfon cr Perions who is or are, or may be Owner or Owners of Land over which the fame is fet out and defcribed in the faid Map or Plan as aforefaid, although the Name or Names of fuch Perfon or Perfons may happen to be omitted in the faid Book of Reference, in cafe it lhall appear to any Two or mere Juf-tices of the Peace for the faid County, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that fuch Error or Omillion proceeded from Miftake.

XXXI.	And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfons whom-foever entitled to or interefted in any Lands, Meifuages, Buildings, or Hereditaments, which the faid Truftees lhall think neceiiary to be pur-chafed for the widening, turning, or altering, any Part of the faid Road, lhall upon Application to them or any of them for that Purpofe made, refufe or neglect to treat with fuch Truftees for the Sale of fuch Lands, Meifuages, Buildings, or Hereditaments, or for any Lofs or Damages to be by them fuftained in confequence of the Excution of this Act; or if by reafon of their or any of their Abfence or diftant Refidence from the Lands intended to be purchafed, he or they cannot be conveniently applied to or treated with for that Purpofe ; or if on treating, he or they lhall not agree with the faid Truftees for the Price of fuch Land, then and in either of fuch Cafes the faid Truftees may and are hereby empowered, by a Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, under their Hands and Seals, to require the Sheriff of the faid County of Derby, or his Deputy, to empan-nel, fummon, and return a Jury of Twelve honeft and difinterefted Men of the faid County to be and appear before the faid Truftees at a certain Time and Place within the faid County, to be fpecified in the faid Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts refpeCtively; then and there to affefs and afeertain the Prices and Value of the Lands intended or necef-fary to be purchafed; and the faid Sheriff or his Deputy are hereby required to einpannel, fummon, and return the faid Jury accordingly, giving to each Juryman Three Days Notice of the Time and Place of his Attendance; and the faid Truftees -are hereby empowered to fummon Witneffes, and fuch Jury and Witneffes are hereby required to attend accordingly; and the faid Truftees having caufed Fourteen Days Notice in Writing under their Hands to be given to the Perfon or Perfons entitled to the faid Lands and Hereditaments intended to be purchafed, or to be left at their 1 aft or ufual Place or Places of Abode, or at any Place or Places of Abode of the refpeccive Tenant or Tenants in Poffefiion of fuch Lands, thereby fetting

forth

441

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

forth the Natures, Situations, and Quantities of fuch Lands and Hereditaments, and the Time when and Place where the faid Jury are to meet to affefs and to afcertain the Value thereof, they the faid Truftees may proceed to enquire by Twelve of the faid Jurors on their Oaths, of the Value of fuch Lands and Hereditaments; and in Default of a fufficient Number of Jurors, the Sheriff or his Deputy (hall return other indifferent Perfons of the Standers by, or that may be conveniently had for that Service, to make up the Number of Twelve, and to which Jurors all Parties interefted (hall have their lawful Challenges when they come to be fworn; and the faid Truflees having given the Nature of the Inquiry in charge to the faid Jury that (hall be fworn, may and are hereby empowered to examine all proper Perfons on their Oaths concerning the Nature and Value of the faid Lands and Hereditaments; and if needful and requifite, to caufe the Jury fworn to view the faid Lands and Hereditaments, and to take fuch other Meafures to inform themfelves and the Jury fworn concerning the Nature and Values of the faid Lands and Hereditaments, as they (hall think proper ; and the faid Jury being fo informed, (hall by their Verdict affefs and afcertain the Values of the refpeftive Lands that (hall have been given them in charge to inquire of; and the faid Truflees prefent at the taking of fuch Inquefts, (hall thereupon adjudge the Sum of Money affeffed by the faid Jurors as the Value of the Lands or Hereditaments to be paid to the Perfon or Perfons entitled to the faid Lands or Hereditaments; and fuch Findings of the Juries and Judgements of the faid Truflees (hall be finally binding and conclufive to all Infants, Femes Covert, and other Perfons whomfoever anywife interefted in the faid Lands or any Part thereof; and if any fuch Sheriff or his Deputy (hall refufe or negleft duly to obey any Warrant or Precept of the faid Truflees, or to do any Adi or Matter of his Office relating to the Premifes, or if any Juryman fo fummoned as aforefaid (hall not appear (except for fome reafonable Excufe to be allowed by fuch Truflees) or appearing (hall refufe to be fworn, or if fworn (hall not find his Verdidl concerning the Matters that (hall have been given in charge; or if any Witnefs, being fummoned to appear and give Evidence to the faid Truftees and Juries, (hall not appear (except for fome reafonable Excufe) or if appearing (hall refufe to be fworn, or being one of the People called Quakers, to affirm, and thereupon to give Evidence concerning the Matters aforefaid, every fuch Sheriff, Deputy, Juryman and Witnefs, (hall for every fuch Refufal, Neglect, or Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Three Pounds.

Conveyances to be regif. tered in a Bosk.

XXXII.	And be it further enadted, That all Conveyances of Lands and Hereditaments to be purchafed by virtue of this Adi, and Memorials of all the Verdidts of Juries and Judgments of the Truftees concerning the Value thereof, which (hall be afeertained by the Juries, (hall be entered in fome Book or Books of the faid Truftees, and that after the Execution of fuch Conveyances, and giving fuch Judgements of the faid Truftees, and after Payment or Tender of the Confideration Monies mentioned in fuch Conveyances, or if the Monies affeffed and adjudged to be the Value of any Lands, the Values whereof (hall be affeffed or afeertained by anv Jury or Juries to the Perfon or Perfons entitled to the fame, or in cafe of want of Opportunity to tender, or of Refufal to accept the faid Monies when tendered, then on leaving the fame with the Clerk of the Peace for the faid County of Derby or his Deputy, for the Ufe or L7fes of the Perfon or Perfons entitled thereto, it (hall be lawful for the faid Truftees to enter \Loc.	Per. J	5 T	upon

*4*

Expences of the Jut? and WitnefVes, how to be paid.

Truleei may fell.

48* GEORG 11 III. Cap, 31.

ttpon the faid Lands and Hereditaments, and the fame to add or turn into a Highway ; and the laid Lands or Hereditaments fhall from thenceforth for ever afterwards be deemed, taken, and ufed as a public Highway or public Highways to all Intents and Purpofes.

XXXIII.	And be it further enabled, That in cafe any Jury fhall give and deliver a Verdi ft or Affeifment for more Money as a Recompence or Satisfaftion for the Right, Intcreft, or Property of any Perfon or Perfons in any Lands or Hereditaments, or for any Lofs or Damage to be by them fultained, than what fhall have been agreed to and offered by the laid Truf-tees before the fummoning and returning the faid Jury, then and in fuch C.afe the Cofts and Expences of fummoning and maintaining the Jury and Witneffes fhall be borne and paid by the faid Truftees refpeftively out of the Monies arifing by virtue of this Aft; and if fuch Jury fhall give in and deliver a Verdift or Affeffment for no more or for lefs Money than fhall have been agreed to and offered by the faid Truftees before the fum-moning and returning the faid Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaftion for any fuch Rights, Intereft, or Property, or Lofs or Damage as aforefaid, then the Cofts and Expences of fummoning and maintaining the faid Jury and Witneffes, fhall be borne and paid by the Perfon or Perlons with whom the faid Truftees fhall have fuch Controverfy or Difpute; which faid Cofts and Expences having been afeertained and fettled by fome Juftice of the Peace for the faid County, not interefted in the Matter in queftion (who is hereby required to examine and fettle the fame at a Time and Place to be by him appointed, after fummoning the Parties interefted therein to attend him for that Purpofe) fhall and may be deducted out of the Money fo affeffed and adjudged, as fo much Money advanced to and paid for the Ufe of fuch Perfon or Perfons; and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of fuch Money fhall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purpofes to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum fo affeffed and adjudged ; or otherwife fuch Cofts and Expences, in cafe the fame fhall not be paid on Demand after being fo afeertained and fettled as aforefaid, may be recovered by the Clerk to the faid Truftees by fuch Ways and Means as are herein-after provided for recovering of Penalties and Forfeitures: Provided always. That in all Cafes where any Perfon or Perfons fhall by reafon of Abfence have been prevented from treating with the faid Truftees, fuch Cofts and Expences fhall be borne and paid by the faid Truftees in Manner aforefaid.

XXXIV.	And be it further enacted, That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Truftees to fell and difpofe of any Land which they may have purchafed over and above what may be neccflary for the Purpofes of this Aft ; and alfo fuch Piece or Pieces of Land as fhall have been ufed for any Public Highway which may be rendered unneceffary by the making of the faid intended Road, and authorized by this Aft to be (topped up, either together or in Parcels, as they fhall find molt convenient and advantageous to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall be willing to contract for and purchafe the fame; provided that the faid Truftees, before they fhall fell and difpofe of any Piece or Pieces of Ground as aforefaid, fhall offer the fame to the Perfon or Perfons from whom they fhall have been purchafed ; or where the fame fhall have been rendered ufelefs by the flopping up of any Road or Roads as aforefaid, then to the Perfon or Perfons whole Lands fhall adjoin thereto; and in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons refpeftively

3	fhall

443

4B°GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

{hall not then and thereupon agree (except with refpeft to and on account of the Price thereof as herein-after mentioned) or ihall refufe (except with refpeft to and on account of the Price thereof) to purchafe or re-purchafe the fame refpeftiyely, of which Offer, Non-agreement, and Refufal of, an Affidavit to be made and fworn before a Mafter Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery (who is hereby empowered to adminifter the fame) by fome Perfon or Perfons not interefted in the faid Piece or Pieces of Ground, {fating that fuch Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the faid Truftees, and was not then and thereupon agreed to or was refufed, {hall be fufficient Evidence in all Courts whatfoever ; and in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons Ihall be defirous of purchafing or re-purchafmg the fame, and he, fhe, or they, and the faid Truftees fliall differ and not agree with refpeft to the Price thereof, in fuch Cafe fuch Price or Prices fliall be afcertained by a Jury in Manner herein-before direfted with refpeft to the difputed Value of Lands to be purchafed by the faid Truftees in purfuance of this Aft, and the Expence of hearing and determining fuch Difference {hall be borne and paid in like Manner as hereinbefore directed with refpeft to fuch Purchafes made by the faid Truftees, mutatis mutandis ; and the Money to arife by the Sale or Sales which may be made by the faid Truftees as aforefaid, {hall be applied for the Purpofes of this Aft; but the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof fliall not be anfwer-able or accountable for any Mifapplication or Non-application of fuch Money.

XXXV.	And be it further enafted, That if any Money fliall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchafed, taken, or ufed by virtue of the Powers of this Aft for the Purpofes thereof, which fliall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Peifon or Perfons under any Difability or Incapacity as in this Aft particularly mentioned, fuch Money {hall, in cafe the fame Ihall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Truftees for executing this Aft, to the Intent that fuch Money {hall be applied under the Direftion and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be lignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe or Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrance or Part thereof as the faid Court {hall authorize to be paid, affefting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affefting other Lands or Hereditaments Handing fettled therewith to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents, or Purpofes; or where fuch Money Ihall not be fo applied, then the fame {hall be laid out and inverted under the like Direftion and Approbation of the faid Court in the Purchafe of other Lands, or Hereditaments, which fliall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trufts, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner, as the Lands and Hereditaments, which Ihall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid, ftood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement {hall be exifting, undetermined, and capable of taking Effeft ; and in the mean Time and until fuch Purchafe fliall be made, the faid Money fhall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be

inverted

Application of Compcnfation where exceeding aool.

444'

Application where the Compenfa-tion does not exceed 2 0 i. but dial! be above aol.

Application vi here the Money is lefs than »o 1.

In cafe ornot mak ng .ut Titles.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

inverted by the faid Accountant General in his Name in the Purchafe of Ihree Pounds per Centum Confolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the faid Bank Annuities (hall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities {hall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the faid Court to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments fo hereby directed to be purchafed, in cafefuch Purchafe*or Settlement were made.

XXXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That if any Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, or belonging to any Corporation or to any Perfon or Perfons under Difability or Incapacity as aforefaid, {hall be lei's than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and {hall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame {hall at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpeCtive Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed; or otherwife the fame {hall be paid at the like Option to Two Truftees to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Three or more of the Truftees for executing this Adt (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Party) in order that fuch Principal Money and the Dividends arifing thereon may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, fo fat as the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXXVII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaCted, That where fuch Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, {hall be lefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame {hall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes of this Act, in fuch Manner as the {aid Truftees {hall think fit; or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees,, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpedively.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money {hall be fo ordered to be paid as aforefaid, fhall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes, to the Satisfaction of the faid Truftees, or any Three or more of them, or fhall refufe to execute fuch Conveyance or Conveyances, or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money {hall be fo ordered to be paid as aforefaid, cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or difeovered,

then

48° GEORG II III. Cav.% r.	445

then and in every fuch Cafe it fnall and may be lawful for the faid Truf- Or it' Pi-rfons

tees, or any Three or more of them, to order the faid Sum or Sums of

Money fo awarded to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name Ch.ui: Money

and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the faid Court of P»j_d iut<>

Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties inte- 'L

reited in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [deferibing themJ Subject to the

lubjeft to the Order, Controul, and Difpofition of the faid Court of

Chancery; which faid Court, on the Application of any Perfon or Chancery,on

Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money or any Part thereof or

by Motion or Petition, flaall be and is hereby empowered in a fummary

way of Proceeding or other wife, as to the fame Court {hall feem meet, to

order the fame to be laid out and in veiled in the Public Funds ; or to order

Diilribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to

the refpective Ellate or Eftates, Title or Interell of the Perfon or Perfons

making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes

as to the faid Court {hall feem juft and reasonable; and the Cafliier or

Cafhiers of the Bank of England, who {hall receive fuch Sum or Sums of

Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch

Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for

whofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall

pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

XXXIX.	Provided always, and be it further enacled, That where any Queftion {hall arife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be Title, paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in purfuance of this Aft for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Eftate, Right, or Interell in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed in purfuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or to the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who {hall have been in PofieiTion of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Poffeflion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, fhall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch Pofleflion, until the contrary {hall be {hewn to the Satisfaction of the faid Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, fhall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it {hall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Poffefiion was a wrongful Pofleftion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intereft herein.

XL. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That where by reafon The Court at of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons or Corporation	-

entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed mentor Ex-5 under the Authority of this Act, the Purchafe Money for the fame fhall be PeuCfS-required to be paid into the faid Court, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be fettled to the like Ufes in purfuance of this Aft, it {hall be lawful for the faid Court to order the Expences of all Purchafes from Time to Time to be made in purfu-aace of this Aft, or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Court (hall deem [Esc. Per ]	5	U	reafonablc,

44^	4^*	GEORG	11 111. Oap.31.

reafonable, together with the neceffary Colls and Charges of obtaining fuch Order, to be paid by the faid Truftees, or any Three or more of them, ^ho (ball from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court fhall direft.

Hoad; to b:	XLI.	And	be it further enacted, That the faid Truflees, or any

flopped up. Three or more of them, fhall and they are hereby authorized and required, immediately after the faid intended Road fhall be completed, to flop up and difcontinue, or caufe to be hopped up and difcontinued, a certain Lane leading from Duff eld towards Farnah, between the South ealhvardly Corner of an Inclofure belonging to John Balguy, Efquire, called Scarf-dale, and the Place at which the faid Lane will be croffed by the faid intended Road ; alfo a certain other Lane from Duff eld towards Wingley between a Barn belonging to William Barber, Clerk, and a Houfe belonging to Walter Ford; alfo fuch Part of a Lane called Sbottle Lane, as lies between the faid Turnpike Road in Idaigdcbay and the Place where the faid intended Road will communicate with the faid Lane ; alfo a certain Bridle Road leading out of Windley Lane near the faid Houfe, belonging to the faid Walter Ford, and proceeding from thence by a Mill belonging to William Winrow to Duff.eld; and alfo a certain other Bridle Road leading from the prefent Wirkfwortb Turnpike Road over the Eflate of William Statham to the Foot of the Hill from Cow-boufe Lane to Turnditcb, and from thence through Poflern over the Eflate of his Grace the Duke of Devonfhire into the public Highway at the Top of Windley (which faid feveral Lanes and Bridle Roads will, if this Act lhould pafs into a Law, become ufelefs and unneceflary) ; and if any Perfon or Perfons (hall deflroy or damage any Gate or Gates, Rail or Rails, Fence or Fences, which fhall be erefted or made for the Purpofe of flopping up the faid feveral Lanes and Bridle Roads, or any of them, every fuch Perfon fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds together with all Charges and Expences attending the repairing or remaking fuch Gate or Gates, Rail or Rails, Fence or Fences.

Ferfons

chargeable to Statute W01 k to continue

fo.

Jufti:es to rlet ermine Dift'eicncci iouching

f-t tutc Work.

XLTI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Perfons who by Law are liable to do Statute Work, or chargeable towards repairing and amending the Road hereby directed to be made, widened, and repaired, or any Part thereof, fhall flill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore ; and it fhall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Juflices of the Peace for the faid County of Derby, in their refpective Jurifdiclions, and they are hereby empowered and required, upon Application made to them by the faid Truftees, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work fhall every Year be done upon the faid Road by the Inhabitants of the refpective Parifhes or Places in which the faid Road doth lie, and alfo what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch Parifh or Place, in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work as afore-faid, fhall be by him, her, or them, paid to the faid Truftees or their Treafurer or Treafurers ; and in order thereunto, it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juflices from Time to Time to fummon the Sur, veyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every fuch Parilh or Place to bring in Lifts before fuch Juflices, at foine Place to be expreffed in fuch Summons (within Ten Days alter the ferving of fuch Summons) of the Names of the feveral Perfons who within fuch Parifh or Place are by Law

fubjedt

44-1

4r8° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 31.

fubjedl and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work, dif-tinguilhing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwife, and alfo the Amount of the refpedtive Sums to be fo paid; which Lifts of Names fhall be made in Manner and under fuch Regulations and Reftrictions as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effeft for the Repairs of the public Highways ; and out of fuch Lifts the faid Juftices fhall and may allot, appoint, and order fuch and fo many of the Perfons who fhall appear to be fubjedt and liable to Statute Work as aforefaid, to do fuch Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the faid Road as the faid Juftices fhall think reafonable, and the fame fhall be done on fuch Days and at fuch Times (not being Hay-time or Harveft) and in fuch Parts of the faid Road as the faid Truftees or their Surveyor or Surveyors fhall from Time to Time order, diredt, or appoint ; and the faid Juftices fhall and may alfo order and direct the Perfons who by fuch Lifts fhall appear to be fubjedt and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for Statute Work as aforefaid, to pay fuch Proportion thereof as the faid Juftices fhall think proper to the faid Truftees or their Treafurer at fuch Time or Times as they the faid Juftices fhall diredt; and in Def ault of Payment, the fame fhall and may be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the refpedlive Perfons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Adt authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Per-fon who fhall neglect or refufe to do fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her or them, at his, her, or their ufual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpofe, by any Surveyor of the faid Truftees, fhall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horfe or Horfes, Beaft or Beafts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be fubjedt and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as fuch Perfon or Perfons may be fubjedt or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the public Highways ; and if any Perfon who fhall come to work as a Labourer, or fhall be fent with any Team or Draught to work on the faid Road, fhall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, fuch Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Perfon who (hall be found idle or negligent as aforefaid, and in that cafe every fuch Perion fhall be fubjedt and liable to the refpedtive Forfeitures and Payments aforefaid as if he had neg-ledted or refufed to come, or fuch Team or Draught had not been fent to work on any Parts of the faid Road ; all which Forfeitures fhall be paid to the Treafurer of the faid Truftees, and applied towards amending the faid Road, and in cafe the faid Surveyor or Sut veyors of the Highways for any of the faid Parifhes or Places fhall refufe or wilfully neglect to give in fuch Lifts as aforefaid, or fhall knowingly or wilfully give in falfe or im-perfedt Lifts, every fuch Surveyor fo offending fhall for every Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XLIII. And be it further cnadted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees to compound and agree with any Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Repairs or Statute Work to be by|ditm done on the faid Road or any Part thereof, and afo with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of and in all or any of the Parifhes or Placts in which the faid Road fhall lie 1	and

Tru!teer may

corr.jjomul lor Statute 'A oik.

44-8

T reliefs may dirtct Pruic-

cutuins at the £*pence of the lolls.

Eurv-yors may remove Annoyance*:, turn Watercoui fes, See.

Surveyors may make ( aufiwai s.

i ut Tra ns, fcc'

48* GEORGII III. Cap. i\.

and be fituate, for a certain Sum of Money by the Year or otherwife, as the faid Truftees fliall think reafonable, in lieu of the Whole or any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the faid Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the faid Road; which Compofition Money fhall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways or other Officer of the Parifh, or by the Perfon or Perfons fo compounding, to the Treafurer of the laid Truftees in Advance, on or before the Tenth Day of May in each and every Year, or otherwife the Inhabitants and Occupiers of fuch Parifh or Place fliall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

XLIV. And be it further enacted. That the faid Truftees at a Meeting to be held whereof Notice in writing, fpecifying the Time and Place and the Purpofe for which fuch Meeting is intended to be held, fhall be affixed upon the Toll Gates or Turnpikes then erefted by virtue of this Act, and inferted in lbme Newfpaper circulated in the faid County of Derby, at leaft Fourteen Days previous to the Time when fuch Meeting is appointed to be held, may and they are hereby authorized and empowered when and as often as they fhall think fit and necdlary, to direft Indi&ments to be preferred and profecuted at the Expence of the Revenues arifing by-virtue of this AG againft the Inhabitants of all or any of the Parifhes or Places through which the faid Road does or fhall pafs, and againft the Hundred liable to repair Bridges, who fliall have neglected or refufed refpeftively to repair the fame.

XLV. And be it further enafted. That it fliall be lawful for the faid Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors, and fuch Perfons as he or they fhall direct or appoint (fuch Surveyor or Surveyors having an Order from the faid Truftees for that Purpofe) to remove and prevent all Annoyances on any Part of the laid Road by Filth, Dung, Allies, Rubbifh or otherwife, and to turn any Watercourfes, Sinks, or Drains running into, along, or out of the faid Road to the Prejudice thereof; and to open, fcour, and cleanfe any Watercourfes and Ditches adjoining to the faid Road, and make the fame as deep and as large as he or they fliall think proper and neceflary; and to cut down, lop, or top any Trees or Bullies growing on the faid Road, or. in the Hedges or Banks adjoining thereto, and within Five Yards of the Centre thereof; and to take and carry away the fame, in cafe the Owner or Owners of the Pixmifes fliall negleS to remove the fame; and to cut down, lop or top and cany away fuch Trees or Bulhes as afore -faid ; or to open, fcour, or cleanfe, l'uch Watercourfes or Ditches, or to remove fuch other Annoyances, for the Space of TenDays next afterNotice in Writing given for that Purpofe under the Hand or Hands of fuch Surveyor or Surveyors ; and the Charges thereof (to be fettled by the faid Truftees) fliall be reimburfed to the faid Surveyor or Surveyors by fuch Owner or Owners, and the fame fliall be recovered in fuch Manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures are herein-aftcr dire&ed to be recovered ; and if after Removal of any of the faid Annoyances any Perfon fliall again oft’end in the like Kind, every fuch Perfon fliall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XLVI. And be it further enaGcd, That it fliall be lawful for the faid Surveyor or Surveyors, by Order of the faid Truftees, to make or caufe to be made Footways or Caufeways in and upon or by the Side of the faid Road, and to erect, fupnort. and repair Arches and Watercourfes upon

or

449

4.8’GEORGII III. Cap. 31/

or under the faid Road contiguous or advantageous thereto, and alfo to cut and make any other Drains through any Lands lying contiguous to the faid Road; and alfo to make or caufe to be made a Road through the Grounds adjoining any narrow or ruinous Part or Parts of the faid Road (not being the Ground whereon any Houfe or Houfes or other Buildings ft'and, or a Garden, Orchard, Park, or Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to any Houfe or inclofed Ground planted and let apart as a Nurfery for Trees) to be made ufe of by all Paffengers, Cattle, Carriages, and other-wife as a Public Highway, whilft the old narrow and ruinous Road is widening or repairing, and till it lhall be convenient and fafefor Paffengers Making _Sat»-and Carriages to pafs thereon, making fuch reafonable Satisfaction to the	or	1	x

Owners and Occupiers of fuch Grounds refpedtively wherein or whereon any fuch Works lhall be done, for the Damages which fuch Owners and Occupiers refpectively lhall or may fuftain thereby, as lhall be adjudged reafonable by the faid Truftees; and in cafe of any Difference concerning the fame between fuch Owners or Occupiers and the faid Truftees, that then it lhall be lawful for the Juftices of the Peace or the major Part of them affimbled at the next General Quarter Seffions for the faid County of Derby, or at their Second Quarter Seffions at the fartheft, to fettle, adjudge, and determine, what Recompence lhall be made to fuch Owners and Occupiers for the Damage they lhall have fuftained as aforefaid, which Determination lhall be final.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it lhall be lawful for the faid ^y'^^Gra-Surveyor or Surveyors, and fuch Perfon or Perfons as he or they lhall vei. etc.in appoint, to fearch for, dig, gather, and take away any Gravel, Furze* ^r^endj Heath, Sands, Stones, or other Materials for making or repairing the faid without pay-Road, in and out of any River or Brook, or out of any Wafte or Common >n? for the Grounds in any Parilh or Place in or near which any Part of the faid Road KiJjjVh/pita, lhall lie, without paying any thing for fuch Materials, fuch Surveyor or etc. Surveyors levelling or caufing to be levelled all fuch Holes and Pits, or otherwife caufing the fame to be railed or fenced off, where or from whence any fuch Materials lhall be dug, gathered or taken away, in fuch Manner as that the fame fhall not be dangerous to any Cattle or Travellers whatsoever, and paying for the Damages done by landing or for going over or through any Lands, Grounds, or private Lanes or Roads for or with fuch Materials to be afcei tained as herein-after mentioned ; and alfo that it fhall a,fo out of be lawful for fuch Surveyor or Surveyors, and fuch Perfon or Perfons as private he'or they fhall appoint, fuch Surveyor or Surveyors firft having an Order order ot’the in Writing from the faid Truftees for thatPurpofe, to fearch for, dig, Truttees, on gather and take, away fuch Materials in and out of the feveral Grounds of for any Perfon or Perfons (not being a Garden, Orchard, Park, Yard, Pad- tie ame’ dock, or planted Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a Houfe, or any Piece of Ground inclofed, planted, and fet apart as a Nurfery for Trees) paying fuch Rates for the Damages done to the Owners and Occupiers of fuch Gri nds where and from whence the fame lhall be dug, gathered, and carrie 1 away, or over which the fame or any other Materials for the Repair of the laid Road fhall be carried, as the faid Truftees fhall adjudge reafon-able; and in cafe of any Difference concerning the fame, the Juftices of the D Peaces to Peace or the major Part of them affembled at the next General Quarter the Quarter Seffions, or at the Second General Quarter Seffions at the fartheft, to be Sefliom. holden for the faid County of Derby, fhall and may adjudge and determine the fame, from which Determination there fhall be no Appeal.

[Loc. & Per.]	5	X	XLVIII.	Provided

45°

Surveyors not to carry away Materials out of private Grounds, without -iv-ing a otice to the Occupiers.

Penalty on taking away Materials raifed by Surveyors.

Roads to he mcafurrd and Mileftones erected.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

XLV1II. Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enacted, That it /hall not be lawful for any fuch Surveyors or other Perfon or Perfons under the Authority of this Aft, to get, take, and carry away any Materials for making or repairing the faid Road from any inclofed Lands or Grounds until Notice in Writing fhall have been given to the Owners or Occupiers of the Premifes from which fuch Materials are intended to be taken, or left for iuch Owner or Occupier at his ufual Place of Refidence, to appear before the faid Truftees or any Two JulHces of the Peace acting for the faid County of Derby, to fhew Caufe why fuch Materials fhall not be had from iuch Lands or Grounds; and in cafe fuch Occupier fhall attend pur-fuant to fuch Norice, the faid Truftees or fuch Juftices fhall if they ihink meet, authorize fuch Surveyor or other Perfon to get, dig, take, and carry away fuch Materials at fuch Time or Times as to iuch Truftees or to fuch Juftice fhall feem proper; and if fuch Owner or Occupier fliall (except for fome reafanable Excufe) negleft or refufe to appear by himfelf or his Agent, the faid Truftees or fuch Juftices fhall and may make fuch Order therein as they fhall think fit, as fully and effeftually to all Intents and Purpofes as if fuch Owner or Occupier or his Agent had attended.

XLIX. And be it further enafted., That if any Perfon whomfoever fhall take away any Materials which fhall have been dug, gotten, or gathered for the Repair or Ufe of the faid Road, or fhall raife or carry away any Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which fhall have been made or opened for the Purpofe of getting Materials for the faid Road, before the faid Surveyors or their Workmen fhall have difeontinued working therein, for the Space of Twenty Days (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and Perfons authorized by fuch Owner or Occupier to get Materials for his own Ufe and Benefit, not thereby injuring, obftrufting, or increafing the Expence of working fuch Quarry or Pit for the Ufe of the faid Road) every Perfon fo offending (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

L. And be it further enafted, That the faid Truftees fhall caufe the faid Road to be meafured and Stones or Pofts to be fet up in or near the Sides thereof, at the Diftance of one Mile from each other, denoting the Diffance of every fuch Stone or Poft from any Town or Place, as the faid Truftees fhall think proper, and fhall alfo caufe proper Direftion Pofts to be fet up ; and if any Perfon fhall wilfully pull up or damage any of fuch Pofts or Stones, or fhall obliterate or deface any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks which (hall be inferibed thereon, and be thereof con-vifted before any One or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Derby, either by the Confeffion of the Party, or by the Oath of One or more credible Wirnefs or Witneffes, fuch Perfon or Perfons fo offending fhall refpeftively forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each Stone or Poft fo wilfully broken, pulled up, obliterated, or defaced, to be levied and recovered as herein-after mentioned ; and if any Perfon fhall ride upon the Footv. ay adjoining to any Part of the faid Road, or fhall drive any Horfe or other Beaft or Cattle, or any Swine, or any Cart or Carriage thereon, or fhall caufe any Damage to be done to any fuch Footway ; or if the Driver of any Waggon or other Carriage fhall wilfully or carelefsly break or damage any of the Pofts or Stones erefted for the Security of the faid Footways, or drive the Wheel «f his Carriage againft the fame, or on tire Side or Sides of the faid Footways;

or

45r

4S°GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

or if any Peifon or Perfons fhall lay any Hay, Straw, or other Matter or Thing upon any Part of the faid Road to be made into Manure, or (hall fcrape off the fame any Mud, Soil, or other Matter or Thing which fliall be or lie upon any Part of the faid Road without the Confent of the Surveyor ; or if any Perfon or Perfons fhall leave any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage in, upon, or on the Side of the faid Road, either with or without any Horfe or Eeaft harneifed or yoked thereto, or fhall lay any Piece of 'l imber or any Stones, Bricks, Hay, Straw, Lime, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbifh, or other Matter or Thing whatfoever in any Part of the faid Road, or on the Side or Sides thereof (except in cafe of Accidents) to the Prejudice or Annoyance thereof, or of any Perfon or Perfons travelling t. ! eon, and be convicted thereof by the Confeflion of the Party, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, before any One or m e Jultice or Jullices of the Peace for the faid County of Derby <which Oath the faid Juftice or Juffices is and are hereby empowered and R uireu, upon Application made for that Purpofe, to adminifler) every Perfon fo offending fhall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds for ev^ry fuch Offence, One Moiety whereof fhall be paid to the Informer and the other Moiety fliall be applied for the Purpofes of this Aft.

LI. And be it further enacted, That the faid Truffecs may and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time to contraft and agree with any Perfon or Perfons for making, repairing, widening, altering, turning, or amending the faid Road or any fart or Parts, thereof, or for doing any other Work to bi done in the Execution of this Aft, in fuch Manner and for fuch Sum or Sums of Money as the faid Truflees fhall think proper j and that all Contrafts and Agreements in Writing entered into purfuant to an Order made at any Meeting of the faid Truitees, fhall be binding on the faid Truftees and their Succeffors, and alfo on all other Parties who fliall fign the fame, his, her, and their Executors, and Adminiftrators re-fpeftively; and that Aftions and Suits may be maintained thereon, and Damages and Cofts recovered againfl the Party or Parties failing in the Execution of fuch Contrafts or Agreements.

LII. And be it further enafted. That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall affault, interrupt, or hinder, or caufe or promote to be affaulted, interrupted, or hindered, any Colleftor of the Tolls, or any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Perfon or Perfons by them or any of them, or by the faid I'ruilees employed in the Execution of this Aft, every fuch Perfon fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LIII. And whereas Perfons guilty of Offences againfl this Aft, may be tranfient Perfons unknown to the Colleftors, Surveyors, or other Officers under this Aft, be it therefore enafted, That it fhall be lawful for the Surveyors or other Officers duly authorized by the Truflees, to feize and detain any fuch unknown Perfon or Perfons guilty of any Offence as afore-faid, and to convey him, her, or them before One or more Juflice or Juffices of the Peace for the faid County of Derby, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Aft for fo doing; and fuch Juflice or Juffices of the Peace refpeftively is and are hereby empowered and direftedto proceed immediately to the Conviftion or Acquittal of fuch Offender or Offenders, or to oblige fuch Perfon or Perfons fo offending to give Security for his, her, or their Appearance at the next Petty or

Special

Truftees may contract for repauing tlie Road.

Penalty on obftructing

the Execution of this Act.

Power to detain Perfon* guilty of Offences.

45 2	480	GE ORGII 111. Cap. 31.

Special Seflions to be holden for the Divifion or Place where Inch Offence or P.ffences be committed; and on fuch Conviction, or for want of fufficient Security, to commit the Perfon or Perfons fo offending to the Houfe of Correction for the faid County of Derby, for any l ime not exceeding SLx Months, or until he, fhe, or they fhall pay the Penalty by him, her, or them incurred for fuch Offence or Offences, or fhall give fuch Security as aforefaid.

ternv'ne'cer-" ^IV. And be it further enacted. That when any Penalty by this Act

tain Penalties. >mpofed fhall be incurred, or any Offence by this Act created fhall have been committed, the Method of Proceeding in refpeft to which is not herein-before particularly directed, any One of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Derby may and he is hereby required, upon Complaint arid Information to him thereof, to fummon before him the Perfon or Perfons againlt whom fuch Complaint or Information fhali be made, to anfwer the Matter thereof, and at the Time and Place appointed by fuch Summons, the Perfon or Perfons complained or informed againlt appearing before the faid Juflice ; or in cafe of his or their not appearing (except for fome reafonable Excufe) Proof being made upon Oath before the faid Juflice of the perlonal Service of fuch rummons, or that a Duplicate or true Copy of the fame was left at the Dwelling Houfe or laft known Place of Abode of fuch Perfon or Perfons, the faid Juilice may and is hereby required, w hether the faid Perfon or Perfons complained of or informed againlt do or do not appear, to proceed to examine the Merits of tuch Complaint and Information; and if fuch Offence or Offences fhali be confeffed by the Perfon or Perfons fo complained of and informed againlt, or be duly proved to the Satisfaction of fuch Juflice by the Teftimony of One or more credible Witnefs or Witnelfes upon Oath, fuch Juflice may and is hereby required forthwith to convict fuch Offender or Offenders, and to adjudge him and them to pay fuch Penalty or Penalties as he or they fhall be therefore liable unto by virtue of this Aft ; and if fuch Penalty or Penalties fhall not be immediately paid, in cafe fuch Offender or Offenders appear perfonally to anfwer fuch Complaint or Information, or in cafe of his or their Non-appearance to anfwer fuch Complaint or Information, within Ten Days after Notice of fuch Conviftion given to fuch Offender or Offenders, or left at his, her, or their Dwelling Houfe or lall known Place of Abode, and Proof thereof and of the Non-payment of fuch Penalty or Penalties made to fuch Juttice upon Oath, fuch Juflice fhall and he is hereby authorized and required by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to caufe the fame, together with the reafonable Cofls and Charges of fuch Complaint and Information, and of the Dillrefs and Sale to be made purfuant to fuch Warrant, to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Offender or Offenders; and if fufficient Goods and Chattels of fuch Offender or Offenders cannot be found to anfwer fuch Dillrefs, then fuch Juflice is hereby required by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal to caufe fuch Offender or Offenders to be apprehended, and brought before him the faidJullice; and in cafe fuch Penalty or Penalties, and the Cofls and Charges of fuch Proceedings as aforefaid, to be fettled as aforefaid, fhall not be forthwith and immediately paid, fuch Juflice is hereby required forthwith to commit fuch Offender or Offenders to the Houfe of Correftion for the faid County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unlefs the faid Penalties, and luch Colls and Charges as 5	aforefaid

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

««#**** **#*#*************«********************»*¥****

Cap. 32.

An Adi to Continue the Term, and alter and enlarge

the Powers of Two Ads of His prefent Majefty,

for repairing the Road from Cromford Bridge to

Lang.'ey Mill, in the County of Derby.

[14th April 1808.]

WHFREAS an Act was paffed in the Sixth Year of the Reign

of his prefent Majedy, King George the Third, intituled, dn 6 G. 3.

Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road c' leading from Cromford Bridge, in the County of Derby, to the turnpike Road et or near Langley Mill, in the faid County : And whereas an Act was pi(Ted, jn the Twenty-fixth Year cf the Reign of his prefent firefly, intituled ,c Art Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an A£t 2(, G. 3. paffed itf the Sixth Tear of the Reign of his prejent Majefty,for repairing,'- c. 124. widening, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from Cromford Bridge, in the County of Derby, to the Turnpike. Road at or near Langley Mill injh^ Jaid County: And whereas great Progrefs hath been made Trcft»eshave ip the Execution of the faid Acts, and conficluable Sums of Money proceeded in' have been borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, tho Execution which Money .ftill remains due, together with a confiderable oi the Aa,> Arrpar of Injured, and cannot be repaid, and the faid Road be pffcctually amended, widened, turned, altered, improved, and kept in Repair, unU-fs the Term the faid Acts be continued, and fome of thp Powers thereof altered and enlarged": May it therefore pleale * ['Luc. & Per.]	6	A	Your

462

Term en-largeJ.

New Traf* tees.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

Your Majefty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted, by the King’s moll Excellent Majeffy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aficrnblrd, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid recited Acts, and all the Powers, Provifions, Matters, and Things therein contained, (except fuch as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and except fuch as are hereby varied, altered or repealed,) fliall be and continue in full Force, and be executed for and during the Term hereinafter mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enadted in the Body of this prefent Act, but fubject, neverthelefs, to the Amendments and Alterations herein contained, and which fhall commence, and take effect upon the palling of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, fhall be, and are hereby declared to be fubject and liable to the Payment of all the refpective Sums of Money, now due and owing on the Credit, or on account of the faid recited' Acts ; and alio of fuch other Sum or Sums of Money as may be borrowed for the Purpofes of the faid recited Acts, and of this Act j and of all Intereft now due, and to grow due for the fame refpectively.

11.	And be it further enacted, That Richard Arkwright, Richard Arkwright, the Youngerj Francis Agard, John Alfop, John Alfop, the Younger; William Aldridge, Sir Brook Boothby Baronet; John Batguy, the Younger; Jofeph Bowmer, John Bowler, John Bacon, John Bourne, George Bownes, Henry Beftwick, Jofeph Bowmer, Benjamin Bowmer, trhomas Bowmer, Lot Beardjley, William Booth, Jofeph Bradley, D’ Ewes Coke, Clerk; John Carr, Cleik; 1 homas Carr, Clerk; Thomas Corn-tkwaite. Clerk; £>’Ewes Coke, the Younger; William Coke, John Coke, John Edward Carter, Thomas Charlton, Samuel Crompton, John Crompton, Charles Clayton, Francis Clay, Jofhua Debanke, George Evans, Walter Evans, Edmund Evans, John Elfe, James Fletcher, Henry Fletcher, Jonathan Fletcher, William Goodwin, William Goodale, Thomas Green, Jofeph Grammer, George Goodwin, Sir Henry Harpur Bart. ; Francis Hurt, Winfield Holton, William Hurd, Clerk; William Hunter Hunter, Charles Vicars Hunter, John Creffy Hall, James Hall, John Hunt, Thomas Hunt, Jofeph Hunt, Thomas Hill, William Harvey, William Jeff op, Joftas Jeff op, William Jeff op, the Younger; William Kirkland, Henry Kirkland, John Lowe, Francis Noel Clarke Mundy, Edward Miller Mundy, Henry Cafe Moorwood, Clerk; Robert Mafon, Samuel Morrel, Samuel Milward, John Milward, Thomas Mofs, James Marfhall, the Younger; John Norman, John Nuttall, George Nuttall, Edmund Outram, Doctor in Divinity; Jofeph Outram, the Younger; Benjamin Pearfon, Thomas Pearfon, John Radford, of Smalley; John Radford or Holbrook -, William Robinfon, Samuel Roberts, John Redfern, Jacob Redfern, John Smith, Clerk; Robert Strelley, George Strutt, Thomas Saxton, Henry Strafford, Thomas Strafford, John Robert Sharpe, Benjamin Smith, the Younger; William Smith, Anthony Storer, John Spencer, John Storland, William Turbutt, William Turbutt, tne Younger; Richard Burrow Turbutt, Clerk; John Toplis, James Turton, of Cricb -, Thomas Travis, John T opham,James Turton, of Ripley, Charles Upton, Sir Robert Wtlmot, of Cbaddefden, Baronet; Hugh Wood, John Wood, Clerk; Robert Wood, John Ward, Clerk; Thomas Ward, Clerk ; Thomas Wcbjier, Clerk ; Richard Ward, Clerk; Nathaniel Wright, Adam Woiley, George Woolley, Joan Wool-

h,

4^3

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

ley, John Woolley, the Younger; James Woolley, Daniel Woolley, William Wiljon, Jofepb Wilfon, John Watbey, Charles Walker, John Walker, Jo/epb Wa/'s, Ja/per Wager, jofepb Wildfmitb, William Wafs, John White,

George Young, and William Young, fhall be, and they are hereby added to and joined with the Truftces appointed by or elected in purfuance of the faid former Acts, or either of tnem, for putting the fame and this prefent Act in Execution ; and that the fan! Truflees hereby appointed, and their SuccefiTors, (being qualified according to the Directions of the faid firft recited Act,) fhall be and are hereby empowered to act in the Execution of the faid former Acts and this Act, as fully and effectually, to.all Intents and Purpofes, as if they had been named in or appointed by virtue of the faid former Acts, or either of them.

III.	And whereas the Tolls now authorized to be taken on the Clanf-that

faid Road are found infufficient for the Purpofes of the faid Ads, and n? more lhan this Ad, be it therefore further enaded, That fo much of the 'aid	"taken

firft recited Ad as enads that no more than Two full Tolls fhall be f„r patting demanded or taken of any Perfon or Perfons for pafting the fame Day thrown all ihe with the lame Carriage or Cattle through all the Turnpikes to be To.UJa'.s, ereded by virtue of the faid Ad, fhall be, and the fame is hereby re- Yhrrel’olla^ pealed } and inltead thereof it fhall be lawful for the laid Truftees, or allowed to be any Five or more of them, at any Time to demand and take, or taken, caufe to be demanded and taken, Three full Tolls, and no more, in

the fame Day from all Perfons who fhall travel with any Horfe, Cattle, or Carriage between Cromford Bridge and Langley Mill aforefaid.

IV.	And whereas great Detriment has been done to the faid Road P^ev-ming by drawing Timber and Stones upon Sledge3, He it therefore enaded, Stdn«»nd That fo much of the faid firft recited Act as permits the haling or ^ drawing of Timber and Stones (except Mill Stones) on Sledges fhall otbefwife*11 be, and the fame is hereby repealed} and that if any Perfon or Perfons thanonWheel fhall, after the pafting of this Ad, hale or draw, or caufe to be haled or Carnages, drawn upon or along any Part of the faid Road any Tree or d rees.

Piece or Pieces of Timber, or any Stoneor Stones, (other tnan and except Mill Stones), ocherwife than upon Wheel Carriages, every loch Perfon or Perfons lhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum hoc exceeding Twenty Shillings.

V.	And be it further enaded. That no Toll fhall be demanded or General Ex-taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, Horfes, or other empriooi. Beafts employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey,

or returning empty from carrying or conveying, any Stones, Bricks,

Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the fa,d Road, or any of the Roads in the Townfhips or Handles in which any Part of fuch Road doth lie, or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not (old or dilpofed of, but pafting to be laid up or placed in the Out-houfes, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Waggons,

Wains, Carts, Carriages, Horfes, or other Beafts employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning empty from carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Hufbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Comport, or Manure (Lime excepted) employed in Hufbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or

for

4^4

Meetings on Emergencies,

No Order to

be revoked without Notice of Meetings.

48' GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

for any ocher Tiling employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands, (except as aforefaid,'; orf-m any Horfes or Cattle going to or returning from Failure orWaiering Places, or going to be, or returning from being (hod or farried ; or from any Perfon poingto or returning from his proper Parorhial Church, Chapel, or otherPlaceof religious Worlh'p, tolerated by I ■aw on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Perfon that Ih til die and be buried in any of the faid Parifhes; or from any Curate going to or returning from vifiting any fick Perfon, or upon other his Miniflerial Duty, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated ; or for any HoTrs, Cattle, or Carriages of whatfoever Delcripcion employed, or to be emploved, in conveying the Mails of Letters and ExprcfTes under the Authority of His Majefly's Poft Mailer General, either wnen emp! yed in conveying, fetching, or guarding fuch Mails or ExprcfTes, or in returning back from conveying the lame ; or for any Hories, Carts, or Waggons attending any Soldiers upon their March, or on Duty, or drawing anv Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horfe, Mare, or Gelding furnifhed by or for any Pcrion belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry, or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place of Exercife, provided fuch Perfons are in the Uniform of their refpedtive Corps, and have their Arm', Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps refpedivcly at the Time of claiming fuch Exemption as aforefaid ; or for any Hories, Carts, or Waggons employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants lent by legal PafTes 5 or for any Horle, Caitle, or Beaft drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calafh, or Chair, or anv PafTenger on horfeback going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire, to ferve in Parliament for the laid County of Derby-, and if any Perfon or Perfons (hall claim or take the Benefit of any of the aforefaid Exemptions, not being legilly entitled thereto, every fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall for every Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

Vf. And be it further enabled, That if after any Adjournment of the faid Trultees it lhall at any Time be thought neceffary that there lhall be an earlier Day of Meeting than the Lay appointed by fuch Adjournment, in that Cafe the Clerk or Clerks of the faid Trultees, by an Order in Writing, figned by Five or more of the aiding Truftees, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpofe of fuch Meeting, fh all forthwith give Notice by Writing affixed on all the Toll Gates then erefted bv v rtue of the faid Ads, and this Ad, or by Advertifement in fome ftewlpaper printed and circulated in the Neighbourhood thereof, of the Time, Place, and Purr. )fe of fuch Meeting, which lhall be mentioned in the Order of the laid Trultees, (fuch Time not being lefs than Ten Days after fuch Notice,) and fuch earlier Meeting lhall and may be held accordingly ; and all Proceedings of the Trutiees at all fuch Meetings lhall be as valid and effectual as if fuch Meetings had been held in purfuance of Adjournments.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That no Order made by the faid Trultees at any of their Meetings lhall be revoked or altered, unlefs at

fome Meeting to be held for that Purpofe, (of which Notice fhall be

given

4&5

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 31,

given by Advertifement in fome Newfpaper printed and circulated in the Neighbourhood of the faid Road Ten Diys at lead before fuch Meeting, fignifying the Occafion of fuch Meeting,) nor unlefs a greater Number of Truftees (hall attend at fuch Meeting to revoke and alter the fame, and concur in the Revocation or Alteration thereof, than were prefent and made fuch Order.

VIII.	And be it enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Truf- ^>r.er^'n2 tees, or any Five or more ofthem, at any Meeting (if they fhall think. Machinef proper) to order and caufe to be built, upon any Parts of the faid

Road, as to them (hall feem mod eligible and expedient, a Crane,

Machine or Engine, with fuitable Buildings thereto, proper for the weighing of Carts, Waggons, or Carriages conveying any Goods,

Wares, or Merchandize whatfoever, and by Writing figned by them, or any Five or more of them, to order all and every, or any fuch Carriage or Carriages, which (hall come upon any Part of the faid Road, within the Didance of Fifty Yards from any fuch Crane,

Machine or Engine, (whether the fame (hall have palled through any All Cbufes, Toll Gate or Toll Bar or not), to be weighed, together with the Loading See. in Gene-thereofi and that all Claufes, Powers, Privileges, Exemptions, Re- ral Turnpik-e (Iridions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, contained in an Aft pafled in the . vVe^h^" Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majelty, intituled “ An Engines “ Aft to explain, amend, and reduce into One Aft of Parliament the to extend to “ general Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in this Aft,

“ that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purpofes,” applicable to Weighing Machines, fliall in all Cafes extend to and operate upon all Cranes, Machines, and Engines whatfoever to be ereded by virtue of this Ad, any Thing herein contained to the contrary tiotwithftanding.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the faid For letting Trultees, at any Meeting, whereof Twenty-one Days’ Notice (hall have Weighing been given, in Writing, affixed upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes Engines, then ereded by virtue of the faid recited Acts, and this Act, and by. Advertifement inferted in fome Newfpaper circulated in the Neighbourhood of the faid Road from Time to Time, by Writing under

their Hands, to let and demile, or agree to let and demife, either with or without the Tolls by the faid recited Acts, and this Act, authorized .to be taken, the Weighing Cranes, Machines, and Engines, which may be ereded by virtue of the faid recited Ad, pafled in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majelly, and this Ad, a-nd the additional Tolls or Duties granted, and made payable thereat, for any ■Carriage which, with ics Loading, (hall weigh more than the Weighc allowed by Law, provided that the faid additional Tolls be let in the fame Manner as the Tolls arifing at the Tull Gates or Turnpikes, are by the faid recited Ads direded or preferibed to be let.

X.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Trulfees, or any Five old Mort-or more of them, fhall and may, (if they (hall think ic conve- gages may ba nicnr,) call in, and cancel all or any of the prefenc Mortgages, now cailed *"• (landing out, and made by virtue of the faid former Acts, and give

and execute freih Mortgage or Mortgages in lieu thereof refpec-cively.

[Z.ffc. £*? Per.]	6	B

XI. And

466

Penalty on damaging Caufeways or Footpaths.

Truftees may fue and be fued in the Name of their Clerk, or Treafurer.

Clerk or Treafurer to be paid his Exper.ces.

Statute-

Work.

48° GEORGII HI. Cap. 32.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall ride upon any Caufeway or Footpath, now made, or hereafter to be made on the Side of the faid Road, or any Part thereof, or (hall drive any Horfe, or other Cattle, or any Swine, or any Cart, or other Carriage thereon, or fhall wilfully caufe any Damages whatfoever to be done thereto, every fuch Perfon, for every fuch Offence, fhall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be levied and recovered in fuch and the fame Manner as is directed for the .Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures in and by the faid recited Acts, or either of them.

XII.	And be it further enacted, that the faid Truftees may fue and be fued for, or concerning any Thing to be done by virtue, or in pur-fuance of the faid recited Acts, and this Act, in the Name of their Clerk or Treafurer, for the Time being j and that no Action or Suit, to be brought or commenced by the Direction of, or againft the faid Truftees, in the Name of their Clerk or Treafurer, (hall abate, or be difcontinued by the Death or Removal of any fuch Clerk or Trealurer, nor by the Act of fuch Clerk or Trealurer, without theConfent of the Truftees, or any Five or more of them, but thac the Clerk or Treafurer, for the Time being, to the faid Truftees, (hall be deemed to be Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Cafe may be, in evey fuch Action.

XIII.	Provided always, That every fuch Clerk or Treafurer, in w'nofe Name any Action or Suit fhall be commenced, profecuted or defended, in purfuance of this Act, fhall be fully reimburfed and paid out of the firft Money, to arife by virtue of the faid recited Acts, and this Act, after fuch Action or Suit fhall be commenced or dilcontinued, all fuch Cofts, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event, or in con-fequence of any fuch Action or Proceeding he fhall bear, pay, expend, or be put unto, or become chargeable with, by reafon of his being fo made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforefaid.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That fo much of the faid firft recited Act, as relates to the Performance of Statute Labour on the faid Road fhall be, and the fame is hereby repealed; and that all Perfons, who, by Law, are or fhall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or lhall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the faid Road, or any Part thereof, fhall (till remain liable thereto, in like Manner as heretofore; and it fhall be lawful for any Two or more Jultices of the Peace for the County of Derby, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the faid Truftees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, or by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Portion of Statute Work fhall every Year be done upon the faid Road, by the Inhabitants of the refpective Parilhes or Places, in which the faid Road doth lies and alio whac Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every luch Parifh or Place, in lieu of, or as a Compofition tor fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, lhall be by him, her or them paid to the faid Truftees, or their Treafurer or Treafurers; and, in order thereunto, it fhail be lawful for fuch Juftices, from Time to Time, to fummon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, for every fuch Parifh or Place, to bring .in Lifts before fuch Juftices, at fome Place, to be expreffed in fuch

Summons,

467

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

Summons, (within Fourteen Days after the ferving of fueh Summons,) of the Names of thefeveral Perfons, who within fuch Parilh or Place are, by Law, fubjected and liable to do Statute Work for that Year; or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of, or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work, diftinguifhing the Nature of the Work to be done whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwife; and alfo the Amount of the refpective Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names fhall be made in fuch Manner, and under fuch Regulations and Reftrictions as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute, in force and effect, for the Re-pairs of the Public Highways ; and out of fuch Lifts, the laid Juftices, fhall and may allot, appoint, and order fuch, and fo many of the Perfons, who fhall appear to be fubjefland liable to Statute Work as aforefaid, to do fuch Number of Days’ Statute Work, inevery Year, upon the faid Hoad, as the faid Juftices fhall think reafonable; and the fame fhall be done at fuch Days, and at fuch Times,(not being HayTimeor Harveft,) and in fuch Parts of the faid Road, as the faid Truftees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors fhall, from Time to Time, order, direct and appoint; and the faid Juftices fhall and may alfo order and ditect the Perfons, who by fuch Lifts fhall appear to be fubjett and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for Statute Work as aforefaid, to pay fuch Proportion thereof as the faid Juftices fhall think proper to the faid Truftees or their Treafurer, at fuch Time or Times as they the faid Juftices fhall direft; and in default of Payment thereof, the fame fhall and may be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the refpeftive Perfons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the faid recited Afts authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Perfon who (hall negled: or refufe to do fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their ul'ual Place or Places of Abode, for that Purpofe, by any Surveyor of the faid Truftees, fhall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horfe or Horfes, Beaft or Beafts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be fubjeft and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as fuch Perfon or Perfons may be fubjedt or liable to, by any Law or Statute in force or effect, for the Repair of the Public Highways; and if any Perfon who fhall come to work as a Labourer, or fhall be fent with any Team or Draught to work on the faid Road, fhall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, fuch Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and difeharge the Perfon who fhall be found idle, or negligent as aforefaid ; and in that Cafe every fuch Perfon fhall be fubjefl and liable to the refpeftive Forfeitures and Payments aforefaid, as if he had negledfed or refufed to come, or fuch Team or Draught had not been fent to work on any Part of the faid Road; all which Forfeitures fhall be paid to the Treafurer to the faid Truftees, and applied towards amending the laid Road; and if any Surveyor of the Highways for any of the faid Parifhes or Places, fhall refufe or wilfully negleft to give in fuch Lifts as aforefaid, or fhall knowingly and wilfully give in falfe or imperfeift Lifts, every fuch Surveyor fo offending fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XV.	And

4-68	48°	GEORGII	III. Cap. 32.

^CompeT-	^e	*lC	fiu^ther enafted, That if any Money (hall be agreed

fition where or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments exceeding purchafed, taken, orufed by virtue of the Powers oi the faid firft recited zco.	Act,	and	this Aft, for the Purpofethereof, which (hall belong to any Cor-

poration, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Perfon or Perlons under any other Difability or Incapacity, as in the laid firft recited Aft particularly mentioned, fuch Money lhall, in cafe the fame fhal! amount to the Sum of I wo Hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, ex parte the Truftees for executing the faid recited Afts, and this Aft, to the Intent that iuch Money (hall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the laid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a fummary Way by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe of the Land Tax, or Dilcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the laid Court (hall authorize to be paid, alfefting the lame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or aftefting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing lettled therewith, to the lame or the like Ules, Intents or Purpofes; or where fuch Money (hall not be fo applied, then the fame ftiail be laid ouc and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which lhall be conveyed and fettled to, tor, and upon fuch and the like Ul'es, Trufts, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the lame Manner as the Lauds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, wnich lhall be fo purenafed, taken, or ufed as aforelaid (food fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement lhall be exilting undetermined and capable of taking Effeft; and in the meantime, and until fuch Purchafe lhall be made, the faid Money lhall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the faid Accountant-General, in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Conlolidated ; or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, and in the meantime, and until the laid Bank Annuities lhall be ordered by the faid Court to be lold for the Furpoles afore-faid, the Dividends and annual Produce ol the faid Conlolidated or Keduced Bank Annuities lhall, from Time to Time, be paid, by Order of the faid Court, to the Perlon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, fo hereby ditefted to be purchaled, in cale fuch Purchafe or Settlement wer.e made.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money, wheie"the°n ft> agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or tiere-Compenfa- ditaments purchafed, taken, or ufed tor the Purpofes aforcIiid> and tiondoes not belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perlon or Perfons under Di-TTt * h°n Ability or Incapacity as aforefaid, lhall be lefs than the Sum of Two ror man hundred Pounds, and lhall amount to the Sum of Twenty^ Pounds, then, and in all fuch Cales, the fame (hall, at the Option of the Perlon or Perfons, for the Time being, entitled to the Kents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or -Ailed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees,

46g

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

mittecs, in cafe o( Infancy or Lunacy, to be fighified in Writing, under their refpective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name, and with the Privity of the faid Account-General of the high Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed; orotherwife the fame fball be paid, at the like Option, to Two Truftees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Five or more of the faid Truftees, (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing* under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that fuch Principal Money* and the Dividends ariflng thereon, may be applied in any Manner hereinbefore directed, fo far as the Cafe be applicable* without obtaining, or be-irtg required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the laid Court of Chancery.

XVII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That where fdch Money, fo agreed or awarded to be paid as next beforementioned, fhall be leisthan Twenty Pounds, then, and in all fuch Cafes, the fame fhall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons, who wouid, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Kents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Pur-pofes of the faid recited Acts, and this Act, in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees fhall think fit, or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled re-fpectively.

XVIII.	And be it further enafled. That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money fhall be awarded for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed by virtue of the faid recited Afts, and this Ad, fhall refufe to accept the fame, or fhall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes, to the Satisfaction of the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them* or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money fhall be fo awarded as aforefaid cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or difeovered, then and in every fuch Cafe, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded as aforefaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (deferibing them,) fubjedl to the Order, Controul, and Difpofition of the faid Court of Chancery* which faid Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, (hall be, and is hereby empowered, in a fummary Way of Proceeding, orotherwife, as to the fame Court (hall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Diftnbution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpedive Eftate or Eftaces, Title or Intereft of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Pre-milts, as ta the faid Court (hall feem juft and rcafonable; and the

[Lot. Per.]	6	C	Calhier

Application where the Money is lefs than zol.

In cafe of not making out Title,

or if Perlona cannot be found. Pur-chafe Money to be paid into the Bank.

SubjeA to the Order of the Courc of Chancery, on Motion or Petition.



4-8® GEORG 11 III. Cap. 32.

Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England, who fhall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpe-eifying for what, and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perlons as (hall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforelaid.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Queftion fhall arife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name, and with the Privity the Title to of the Accountant-General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance paiTYheVer t*1's ^ct, f°r Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Here-fon who r ditaments, or of any Eftate, Right, or Intereft in any Land', Tenements, fhall be in or Hereditaments to be purchafed in purfuance of the faid recited Acts, thePofleffion and this Act; or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch at the Time Money, or the Dividends or Interefts of any fuch Bank Annuities, of fuch Pur- the Perfon or Perfons who fhall have been in PolTeflion of fuch Lands, ehafe, fhall Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all entitled1'** Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Poflef-thereto hon *uc^ Perf°n or Perfons, fhall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch PolTeflion, until the contrary fhall be Ihewn to the Satisfadtion of the faid Court ot Chancery; and the Dividends or Interefts of the faid Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities fhall be paid, applied, and dilpofed of accordingly, unlefs it fhall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Pofleflion was a wrongful PolTeflion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein.



Where any Queftion fhall arife touching

The Court of Chancery may order reafonable Expences of Purchafeato be paid by the Trultecs.

XX.	Provided alfo, and be it enadted, That where by reafon of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perlon or Perfons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed under the Authority of the faid recited Adis, and this Act, the Purchafe Money for the fame fhall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes in purfuance of the faid recited Acts, and this Act; it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Pur-chafes, from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of the faid recited Acts, and this Act, or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Court (hall deem reafonable to be paid by the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the faid Adis, and this Adi, who fhall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court fhall diredt.

For paying XXI. And be it further enadled. That all the Charges and Expences the Expences Qf obtaining and palling this Adt fhall be paid out of any Monies already of this Aft. raifed by virtue of the faid recited Adis, or out of the firlh Monies to arife by virtue of the faid Adis, and this Adi, in preference to all other Payments whatfoever.

XXII. And

7

48° GEORGII III. Capt 32.	471

XXII.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft (hall be deemed and Public An. taken to be a Publick Aft, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as

fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being (penally pleaded.

*

XXIII.	And be it further enafted. That the faid recited Afts (fubjeft Continuance to the Alterations and Amendments herein contained) (hall continue and of thii An. be in force, and be executed for and during the Refidue now to come

and unexpired of the Term granted by the faid recited Afts, and from the Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Sefiion of Par-lament.

cd . J

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moft Excellent Majefly. i8®8.

'•»£[

UlOO

cnohs i <0 nv'nsti /be i-'brit*.

eaniurtui, >,<i but srli



A fwblYOl*? .XX

» (OOl IO , ‘..:Ud - oru J vns o. Lj1i«

,lOriJoA -ill 1 :iu

la





bii i 9tij iojoquifl riooi

«h:» '»'i; 1- ' ' ri 3d j>ni iinj j. /141 ni giuHiiq Dflit gni

bfli-	tti*. -rij io9uj).





> n

tx

■

-v-	aifee

*iiWl "	r	'	'	■	.

7	«W,	MS'	an-iri^h f-6 r-■■■■: •

1 rrr-	?	-.x	...	^J*fe.*->T#(

^ i ■■ a.-.; ■ l> p J '-i. ,i

-=t--P ••- •	-	xzsz-Z^z-KSTz

-tr, ^ \	'	-	.’A	tm-:,	s	,'

,‘	‘	t	i





:u [



motm in ^)ho.io

»*»?» ** * * ■.







3gff|§p$ Uv*



i ■:> ii;i.- i SUnUtsau ut &/ nh

.ifilaji >4 -^j£r*T ^ :	?	-i	*■	vj tjrprft

Hi	-f^Ot-XK.	4l|-	•	a	ulj	%i	».«/	-*f?t	Jfc/i

. .'1 .. ■ .' ■ ? ■ 4>u	.	*J4	ittu-A

^'rlJ* v* ,r WMMp,

■:	...	••••	,	itm*	■	.-■•*

- "k

:*H£

. Jvifiiq.- :tv» n» H/H jEfi ift-

>	-4	L»»iv	*m‘	<«ai(vi	\i

w	,<i\	V.	,	«>v	sw	isv'-i,.'

...	.	'W.	V	-\'.	•{	"	1	:'

JA ^	^	.....—*— \J    " ~	‘ *' r4"	-	-

• ,	,	;i.,	■	ft	•::-.	,	.- V ••*'•-' tv>

S »	VU	-a	*	V	C»i**‘<-*S*	VW,	*-	*

,.	-	cv.	-	••.••'	■	WOV	!

,W? :<ii -\	I-.’	•	'!.'<.••	"	>H	IWil’y	«>	"»*

*.	■'	:'-l-



■A v Aj

ANNO QJJADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 33.

An Adi to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Adis of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from the Market Crojs, in the Townfhip of C'lithero, to Salford Bridge, ip the Town of Blackburn, for diverting a Part of the faid Road, and for making a Branch of Road to communicate with the Blackburn and Prejlon Road, all in the County Palatine of Lancafer.

[14th April 1808.]

HERE AS an Aft was paffed in the Sixteenth Year of His p el'ent Majclty’s Reign, intituled. An At} for repairing and ,s Orj. c. 7$, •widening the Road from the Market Crofs, in the ’Townfhip of Clithero, to Salford Bridge, in the Town of Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lancafb-r : And whereas an Aft was paffed in the Thirty-fixth Y»a- of His faid Majefty, intituled. An AS for continuing the Tam and 3«G.3.C. 144. altering and enlaiging the Powers of an Ad paged in the Sixteenth Tear of the Reign of H’S prefent Majejly, intituled, An Ad for repairing and widening the Road from the Market Crof>, in the Townfhip of Clithero, to Salford Bridge, in the‘Iown of Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lar.cafler: And whereas the faid recited Afts have been put in fixecu-[hoc. £5* Per.2	6 D	tion

474	4&°	GEORGII	III,	Ckp.33.

tion for the Repair and Amendment of che faid Road, in conference whereof feveral large Sums of Money have been expended, and a confi-derable Debt hath been contracted on the Crrdit of the Tolls arifmg upon the faid Road, which now rtm/ms due and owing and cannot be paid off and difcharged, nor can the faid Road be effectually amended, widened, improved, and Kept in Repair, unlels the Term yf the faid Aft> is further continued, and fume of the Rowers and Provifions thereof varied, altered, and enlarged: And whereas che making and maintaining of a Divtrfion of the prcfent Courle of the faid Road from, at, or nearly from a fmall Plot or Parcel of Wafle Ground contiguous to the Caid Road, fituate near Slanden Hey Gate, in the Townfhip of Pendleton, through the faid Townfhip of Pendleton, and Part of the Townfhip of Clitbero, to the Borough of Clitbero, in the Patifh ol Wballey, in the faid County, will materially improve and benefit the Revenue arifing upon the faid Road, and will in many Refpefts be of great public Advantage : And whereas the making and maintaining of a Road or Branch of a Road from and out of the faid Road leading from Clitbero to Blackburn afo'efaid, from oc nearly from the South End of Wballey Bridge, in the Parilhes of Wballey vend Blackburn, in the faid County, through the Townlhipa of Billington, Wilpjhire, Salisbury, Clayton le Dale, Mellor, CJbMejion, anti Balderjtone, in the Parilh of Blackburn afortfaid, to or nearly to a certain Public Houfc in Balderjlone aforefaid, in the Poffc-fiion of ‘Thomas Jjhwortb, fo as to communicate with thep efenr Road which leads trom Blackiurn aforefaid, through Mellor to Prejlon, in the laid County of Lancaster, will not only bevery beneficial and advantageous to thePublic, byopening a much fhorterr and better Communication between the Well; Riding of the County of Tork and the Town ol Preston aforefaid, and feveral other large and populous Towns in the faid County ol Lancaster, but will alfa confiderably increafe the Tolls arifing on the laid Road: But the feveral Purpolies aforefaid esnnot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore pleafe Your Majtfty that it may be enabled ; and be it enafted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by ar.d with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority t.f the fame, Former AfU ^That the faid firlt recited Aft, and ail and every the Powers, Provifions, continued. Authorities, and CJaufcs therein contained (except fuch as were and are varied, altered, enlarged, amended, or.repealed by the faid laft recited Aft, and except fuch as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties^ and that the faid laft recited Aft, and all and every the Tells or Duties, Powers, Provifions, Authorities, and Claufe9 therein contained, lhall tefpeftively be and continue in full Force and Effeft for and during the Term herein-afeer mentioned, as fully and elfeftually, to all Interna awl Purpores, as if the fame were repeated and re-enafted in the Body ext this prelent Aft, but fubjeft neverihelefs to the Amendments, Alterations, Variations, and Additions herein contained, and which (hull commence and takeeffeft upon and from the Fourth Monday next after the uaffing of this Aft ; and this Aft and tire additional Term hereby granted are hereby declared to be fubjeft and liable to the Payment cf the refpeftive Sums of Money whidh in mediately before the palling of this Aft were due and OAing upon the C'ceiit of the faid Road, and of a'l Inter*ft cue and to grow due fot the lame, and alfoof fuch ether Sum or Sums of Money as may be borrowed by the Truflee? of the faid Read for cue Pui*

poles

475

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

pofes ef the faid Afts 2nd this Aft, and aii Intereft to grow dbe Fof the fame.

II.	And be it further enafted, That Sir 'James TVtallty Smytht Gardiner Additional Baronet, James Anderton, John Ajpinall, Richard Ba’divin, Richard Hairy 1 '“**'*■ Beaumont, JoJepb Birley, John Binns, David Blijfelt, Samuel Botoer, William Boys, Richard Bretmily, Charles Brookbank, Thomas Bulcock, James Btiry,

John Bury, John Cardwell, William Carr, Thomas Carr, James Chew, John Chippendale, Thomas Goil,nfan, William Croft, Richard Eddlejlone the younger,

Wiliam EAlill, Richard Fort, Jeremiah Garnett, Alexander Grtgjbn, Jorals Greenway, Charles Greenway, William Grtome, Richard Hardy, Thomas Hargreaves, John Hargreaves of Ormearod Houfe, James llanter, Wi/liatn Harper, William Heaton, John Teach, Richard Legh, William Maude, Richard Noble Clerk, Robert Parker, William Pearce, George Petre, James 9uarll&y Clerk., Benjamin Rolfe, William Slater of Samlefbury Mill, William Slater of Olbaidefton, James Smith, Stephen Sparrow, Le Gendre Starkie, Thomas Stephenfon Clerk, Henry Sudeti, Thomas Sumner, James Taylor, John Taylot,

William Turner, John Ward, Richard Ward, Robert Whalley, James Wilkin! on, Matthew Wilkinfon, Charles Wright Clerk, and Henry Adderley Wright, (hall be, and they and their SucceiTor?, to be elefted in the Manner ilirefted by the faid firft recited Aft; are hereby appointed Truftees, and (hall be joined with the Truftees appointed by or elefted in purfuance of the faid former Afts to put the faid recited Afts artd this pfcft'ht Ad in Execution, fr>r the Purpoi’e of amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the faid Roads.

III,	And be it further enafted. That the Truftees nominated by or Firft Meeting elected in purfuance of the faid recited Afts or thofe appointed by this “tV^eT,uf’ Aft, or any Five or more of them, (hall meet together at the Houfe of

John Wigglefwortb, Innkeeper in Whalley aforefaid, on the Fourth Monday next after the palling of this Aft, and proceed to the Execution of the laid recited Afts arid this Aft, and lhall hold their future Meetings alternately at the refpeftive Places and in the Order direfted by the faid l ift recited Aft: Provided nevcrthelefc, that Two Truftees (hall be fuffifcierit Two Trufteet for adjourning the Meetings of the faid Truftees; and in default rif fucli ^oura* *° Adjournment,- the Clerk to the (aid Truftees for the Time being (hall and may by affixing orcaufing to be affixed Notice in Writing upon all the Turnpikes erefted upon the faid Read at lend Fourteen Days before the then next; pfopoled Meeting, appoint the faid Truftees to meet at thi Place where their then lalt Meeting was appointed to be held, on that Day Three Weeks next after the Day for which fucb laft Meeting Wit fo appointed as aforefaid.

IV.	And be it further enafted. That the faid Truftees, or any Five or For nuking*

more of them, (hall and may and they ate hereby fully authorized and •ttnpowerfld to divert and turn the Courftf of Paih of the prefent Road Standee Hey from, at, or nearly from a fmall Plot or Parcel of Waft? Ground contigu- ^'rVicc^' ous to the faid Road fituate near Slander! Hey Gate, in the Town ft) i p of "	’

Pendleton aforefaid, through the faid Townfhip of Pendllton and Part

of the Townfhip of Clithero, to the Borough of Clithero aforefaid; and alfo to make or caufe to be made a Road ot Branch of Road from and out of the faid Road leading from Clithero to Blackburn aforefaid, from or nearly from the South End of Whalley Bridge, in the Parilhes of Whalley and Blackburn aforefaid, through the Townlhips of Billington,

9	Wilpjhirt,

4?6

For continuing the ore-fern Toll Gate-, and erecting cthcis.

4TI^U V?H O'

48® GEORGII III. Cap.j$i

ifilpfhire, Sailjlury, Clayton le Dale, Mellor, OJb aides ton, and BaUe’-stone, in the Parifh of Blackburn aforelaid, to or nearly to the fair! Public Houle in Baldentone aforefaid in the Poffeffmn of the faid Thomas Ajbworth, 10 as to communicate with the prelent Road which leads from hhekburn through Mellor to Preston aforef id; and to enable the faid Trultecs to make the laid Diverfion and new Branch or Road, it (hall and may be lawful for them, or any Five or more of them, to treat, contract, and agree with the feveral Owner', Proprietors, and Occupies of and Perfons interefted in or entitled unto any Buildings, Lane s, or Heieditaments, for the Purchafe thereof, or of fo much thereof as the faid Trulhxs or any Five or more of them, (hall think necdFry, fo as to make the faid Diverfion and Branch of Road refpefttvely of any Width they (hall think proper, not exceeding Fourteen Yards * and out of the M nies to arife upon the faid Road, or out of any Monty to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, to pay as well for fuch Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments, luch Sum or Sums of Money as (hall be lo agreed upon as thr Charges and Expcnces of making the laid Road ; and in ca e of „nv Differences between the faid Trufiees and the laid other Perfons, ail of whom are hereby empowered to treat and agree with the laid Trufiees concerning the Price or Satisfaction to be paid for the Purchafes before mentioned, fuen Differences (lull be abjufted, fettled, and di terminer1, and fuch Recompcnce afeertained by a Jury, in luch Manner and under the fame Rules and Orders as aie prelcribed in and by the laid firfi reciteci Act, for lett'ing Bee <mpence and Damage tor the Land taken for the Purpoles of the laid Adi and the laid Diverfion an . Branch of Road refpeCtively when lo made, (hall for ever after be and be deemed to be Parc of the laid Turnpike Road ; and the faid new Road when fo dwertefl rhrougn the laid T- wn-(hips of Pendleton and Clithero aforeiaid, (hall be deemed md confioered in lieu of fo much of the pref n> Road as will i 1 conlequrncc of Inch D verfion be deviated f-om ; and the irveral Inhabitants of the laid re~ fpedive To nfhips of Pendleton and Clilhero alorefaid, (hall be and con. tinue liable to do and peiform the lame Portion of S atute Work upon, and to pay the fame Compofition or Contribution Money in re'pe:t of the faid intended Road through Part of the faid refpv&ive Townftnpt, as they were relp-Ctively liable to do, peiform, and pay, upi n or in rcfp.ft of the proem Road, immediately before the puffing of this Act.

V.	And be it furthei enabled, That the faid Trufiees, or any F ve or more of them, (hall and may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to continue all or any of the Gates or Turnpikes and Toll Houfes now (landing in, upon, or acrofs the faid koad or on the Sides theieof j and that whin and fo foon as the faid Diverfion fit-.ll have taken place through the faid Townfhips of Pendleton and Clilhero aforefaid, and the faid intended Road (hall have become paffable, it lhall and may be lawful for the laid Trufiees, or any Five or more of them, to caufe the Gue or Turnpike now ere&ed within the Townfhip of Pendleton aforefaid to be removed from us prefent Situation, and to fix and erett Two Gates or Turnpikes near to a Clofe of Ground fituate in Pendleton aforefaid, called Sloop Field, the Eftaie and Property of Richard Edlesion Gentleman ■, to wii, one ot fuch Gates or Turnpikes acrofs that Part of the intended Road, and the other acrofs that Parc of the prefent Road where the old and new Roads are meanc to feparate; and that when and fo foon as the faid Road or Branch of Road from or nearly from the South End of IVballey Bridge

aforefaid,

47 7

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

aforefaid, to or nearly to the faid Public Houfe in Balderjlove aforefaid, in the Poffeffion of the faid Thomas Ajhwortb, (hail be completed, and the faid intended Road become paffable, the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, lhall and may and thry are hereby authorized and empowered to rreft or caufe to be creded Two Gires or Turnpikes in, upon, or acrofs the faid Road or new Branch of Road ; ro wit, one at a certain Place in the Town (hip of Clayton le Dale aforefaid, called The Oaks, on the Well Side of the Road leading from Blackburn to Ribcheftcr, in the faid County of Lancajler, or within the Diftancc of Five hundred Yards on the Prefiu/t Side of 1'uch Road, and another at the Eafterlv End of the faid Public Houle fituate in Baldcrjlone aforefaid, in the Poffeflion of the faid Ttycmas Ajhwcrtb, or within the Diltance of Five hundred Yafds on the Wbdlley Side thereof; and all'o a Toll Houfe and proper and neceffary Buildings and Fences near to each of the faid Gatt9 or Turnpikes, or to luch of them as they (hall think proper, and that the rclpeftive Tolls directed to be paid by the faid laft: recited Aft, ffiall be demanded and taken by fuchf Perfon or Perfons as the faid Trwftees or any Five or more of them, fhall from Time to Time appoint, at each of the faid Turnpikes or Toll Bars already erefted by virtue of the faid recited Afts, or hereafter to be erefted by virtue thereof and of this Aft, before any Horfes, Cattle,or Carriages fliall be permitted to pal's through the fame; any Thing in the faid reciced Acts contained to the contrary notwithllanding.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That notwithllanding any Thing herein or in the faid recited Afts or either of them contained to the contrary, no Hofl'es, Cattle, or Carriage (hall be permitted to pafs through any Turnpike or Toll Gate already erefted or hereafter to be erefted upon the laid Road, 6r any Part chereof, upon the Lord’s Day, commonly called Sunday, without Payment of Double the Toils and Duties by the faid lart recited Aft direfted to be demanded and taken at fuch rcfptftive Gates, or of 1‘uch other Tolls and Duties as the laid Truf* tees or any Five or more of them lhall direft to be collected thereat, in cafe the fame lhall be reduced in the Manner preferibed by the faid recited Afts or either cf diem.

VII.	Piovided alfo, and be it further enafted. That no more (hall be paid for the fame Horfe--, Beads, Cattle, or Carriages in any one Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock the next fucceediug Night) than one Toll for palling or repaying through each of the faid Turnpikes or Toll Bars already erefted by virtue of the laid recired Afts, or hereafter to be erected by virtue thereof and of this Aft; any Thing in the faid recited Afts contained to the contrary notwithllanding.

VIII.	And be it further enacted. That from and after the palling of this Act, none of the Tolls granted or continued by the laid recited Acts or this Act (hall be demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horka employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or tlonvey, or returning troin carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the fame Day any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, cr other Materials fur repairing of the faid Roads, or any of the Roads in the Townlliips or PanHics in which any Part of Inch Roads dnth lie; or Hay, Straw, or Coin in the Straw

[/.cr. & Per.^	6 E	only.

Double Toll fur pri ng tliroiih on Sunday*.

Tolls to b* paid hut one* a Day.

General

Exemption*.

473

t owsr to be r-row Money.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

Only, not fold or difpofed of, but palling to be laid up or placed in tlt-r Outhoules or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Waggons, Wains, Cans, Carriages, or Hoifcs employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convry, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Hulbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Com-poft, or Manure emploied in Hulbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or tor any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands (other than and except Lime); or for any Horks 01 Cattle going to or returning from Failure and Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being fhoed or lamed ; or from any Perfon going to or returning from his proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worlhip tolerated by Law on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Pcrfun who lhall die and be buried in any of the Parilhcsin which the laid Roads lie; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from vifiting any firk Perfon, or upon othtr his Parochial or Minifttrial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Seivice is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horfes, Cattie or Carriages, of whatever Defcription, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expreffes under the Authority of His Majelly’s Poftmaller General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding fuch Mails or Exprefies, or in returning b ick from conveying the lame; or for any Horfes, Carts, or Waggons, attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carnage attending them laden with their Arms or Baggage ; or for any Horfe, Mare, or Gelding furnilhed by or for any Perfon belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry and rode by him in going to or returning from the Place of Exercife, provided fuch Perfons are in the Uniform of their refpedive Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements' accoiding to the Regulations provided tor fuch Corps refpedively, at the Time of claiming Inch Exemption as aforefaid ; or tor any Horfes, Carts, or Waggons employed in tiie Conveyance of Vagrams Cent by legal Fades; or for any Horfe, Catcle, or Beall drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calalh, or Chair, or for any Paffenger on Ilorleback, going to or returning from any Eledion of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to lerve in Parliament for the Laid County Palatine of Lancafter, or of a B irgefsor Burgeffcs to fei ve in Parliament for the Borough ot Chthero, on the Day or Days of fuch Election, or on the Day before or Day alter luch Election lhall begin or be concluded ; and if any Perfon or Perfons fhail in any fraudulent or collufive Manner whatloever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforefaid, not being entitled to the fame, every fuch Perfon lhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof lhall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety lhall be applied to the Purpofcs ot the faid recited Ads and this Act.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That it lhall be lawful for the faid Truftees, or any Five or more ol them, to borrow and take up at Interdt, on the Credit of the Tolls arifing by virtue of the faid recited Ads and this Ad, luch Sum or Sums of Money as they or any Five or more of them lhall think fit, and they may and are hereby empowered to> demife or mortgage the faid Tolls, ot any Part or Parts thereof, and the

Turnpikes

4

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

Turnpikes and Toll Hou'et for collecting the’Lme ( he Colls and Charges of luch Mortgages to be paid out of luth Tolls) as a Security to any Perfon or Perlons, or their Truftees, who (hall advance itich Sum or Sums of Money bv the following Words, under feir Hands and Seals, or by any other Form of Woidii to the like Effect; (that is to fay)

*	pY V.rtue of Three Afh made in the Sixteenth, Thirty-fixth, and r.»rm i-f

* ■*J Foity-«ighih Yiars of tnc Reign of His Majefty King Georgs iher Mo;ttas-

* Third, intituled. An Ait [hers fetforth the Titles if I be two recited Acts

*	and alfo of this Afi~\ We	of the Truftees fur the Lid Road therein

1 mentioned, in corifideraifon of the Su:n of	to

‘ the Treafurer of the laid Rotd in Hand paid, do grant, bargain, fcli,

‘ and demife unto^. B. his Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns,

‘ fuch Proportion cf the Tolls arifing upon the Lid Road, and of the

*	Turnpikes and Toll Houles for collecting the fame, as the Lid Sunt of

‘	doth	or (hall bear to the whole Sutn due and

‘ owing on the Credit thereof, to be had and hidden from this

‘	Day	of	in the	Year of our Lord	for

* and during the Continuarce of the laid recked A£t$ and (his Act,

*	unlefi the Lid Sum of	with Intercft at the Rate of

*	per	Centum per Annum lhall be fooner repaid and Ltisfied.’

And Copies of all fuch Mortgages (hall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpofe by the Clerk or Treafurer to the Laid Truftees, but no Money (hall be borrowed on the Credit of the faid Tolls after the Firft Meeting of the fa id Truftees, unlefs Notice be for that Purpofe affixed in Wilting upon all the Turnpikes then created upon the faid Road at lead Ten Days before the borrowing thereof; and all Perfons to whom any Mortgage (hall be made as afoiefaid, or who (hall be entitled to the Money thereby fecured, may ftom Time to Time transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, Intereft, or Benefic to the faid Mortgage, and the Principal and Intereft thereby fecured, to any Perfon or Perfons whomfo-ever, mdorfing on the Back of Inch Security before one credible Witnefs, the following Words or Words to the like Effcd; (that is to fay)

‘ T Do transfer this Mortgage, with all my Right and Title to the Form of ‘ Principal thereby fecured, and to all Intereft; now due upon the fame, Tfan,fer‘

*	unto	Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns.

*	DateJ this	Day	of	A	.B.’

Which Transfer (hall be produced and notified to the Clerk or Treafurer of the faid Road within Thirty Days after the Date thereof, who (hall caufe an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof in the before mentioned Book or Books, containing the Number1, Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money therein	transferred ;	for which the faid Clerk	or

Treafurer (hall be paid fuch	Sum as	the	faid Truftees or	any Five	or

more of them (hall appoint, not exceeding the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and fuch Transfer fhallthen entitle fuch Afiignee, his, her, or their Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon, and fuch Aflignee may in like Manner aflign or transfer the fame again, and lb toties	quoties;	and	it (hall not be in	the Power	cf

any Perfon or Perfons (ex.ept	fuch to	whom the fame (hall	be laft trans-

ferred) to make void, releafe, or difenarge the original Security or any Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof ■, and all Perfons to whom any Mortgage or Transfer (hall be made, fhall be, in Proportion to the Sum

4*0	4^*	GEORGII	III.	Cap.33.

or Sums of Money therein mentioned, Creditors on the Tolls by ihis and the faid former Adts granted, in equal Degree one with another, and (hall have no Preference with refpedt to the Priority of any Monies advanced upon the Credit of the Did Tolls.

Towtr to tike	X. And be it further enadled, That in cafe the faid Truftees, or any

^ive or more them> lhall ‘hink proper, in order to make the faid * ’	Diverfton	and new Branch of Road, by taking down a Dwelling Houfe

and Stable fituate in Clithero aforefaid, the Ellate and Property of the Right HonoutableLord Vifcount Curzon, and in the Occupation of IVilliam. Hartley and John BateJon-, by pafling through a Garden and Two Imall Crofts or Pieces of Garden Ground, the Eftate and Pioperry of the iaid Lord Vifcount Curzon, and in the Occupation of the faid IVilliam Hartley and "John Batefon and of Jofepb IVood■, by palling through the Scite of an ancicnc Dwelling Houfe fituate in Clithero aforelaid, the Eftate and Property of the faid Lord Vifcount Curzon, and in the Occupation of the faid Jofepb IVood-, by palling through a Croft or Piece of Garden Ground fituate in Clithero aforefaid, the Eltate and Property of the Lord Brownltotv, and in the Occupation of John King j by palling through a Garden fituate in Clithero aforefaid ihe Eftaie and Property of John Earnjbaw, and in the Occupation of Edward Parker Gentleman ; by palling through a Garden fituate in Clithero aforelaid, the Eftate and Property of Richard Edlejlon Gentleman, and in the Occupation of John Law j by palling through a Garden fituate in the Townihip of Billington aforelaid, the Eftate and Property of George Petre Elquire, and in the Occupation of James. Margerifcn; by palling through fome Wood Lands iituate in B.l'.ington aforelaid, the Eftate and Propercy of the faid Georg* Petre, and in the Occupation of John Towers; by palling through a Garden fituate in the Townihip of Saifbury aforefaid, the Eftate and Property of ti e Right Honourable Lord Vifcount Warren Rulkeley, and in the Occupation of John Cronkjhaw ; by palling through a Garden fitua e in the Townihip of Balderjlone aforefaid, the Eftate and Property of William Sbuttleworsh, and in the Occupation of IVilliam Gill; and by palling through another Garden fituate in Balderjione aforefaid, the Eftate and Property of Richard Legh, Elquire, and in the Occupation of the faid Thomas /ijhworth; it lliall be lawful for the faid Truftees or any Five or mote of them, to treat, contract, and agree with the feveral Ownets, Proprietors, and Occupiers of or Pcrlons interefted in or entitled unto the laid Dwelling Houle, Stable, Gardens, Crofts, Hereditaments, and Prcmifes herein-before mentioned and deferibed, for the Purchase thereof and oftheScites of the faid Buildings, or of fo much thereof as the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, U*aJl think ueteflary, lo as to make the laid Road of any Width they lhall think proper, not exceeding Fourteen Yards j and out of the Monie* to arife trom the Tolls collected or to be collected upon the faid Road, to pay for fuch Dwelling Houfe, Stable, Gardens, Crofts, Hereditaments, and Pre-mifes, or lb much thereof as (ball be neccftary as alorefaid ; and in calc of any Differences concerning the lame between fuch Owners or Occupiers and the faid Truftees, fuch Differences lhall be adjufted, ferled, and determined, and fuch Recompence afeertained by a Jury, in fuch Manner and under the fame Rules and Orders as are prefcnbctl in and by the laid firft recited Adi, lor fettling Recompence and Damage on Account of Land to be uled lor widening and altering the faid Roads: Provided

4	always.

481

48* GEORG!I III. Cap. 33.

always, that nothing in this Aft contained fhall extend or be conflrued to extend to enable the laid Truftees to take down any Houle, Orchard, or Garden (except fuch as are in this Aft mentioned) w thouc the Confent in Writing of the Proprietors thereof rcfpeclively fir fl had and obtained.

XI.	And whereas a Map or Plan, deferibing the Line of the Paid Diver, fion and new Branch of Road and the Lines th ough wh.ch the fame are to be cariicd, together with a Book of Reference, containing a Lift of the Names of the Owners and Occupiers of fuch Lands, have been depo-fited at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Lancajicf, be it therefore enafted, Thac the faid Map or Plan and Book of Inference lhall remain in the Cuftody of the Clerk of the Peace for the faid County, to the end that all Perfons may at any feafonable Times have Liberty to infpeft and perufe the fame, and to take Copies or Extrafts thereof at their Will and Pleafurr, paying the Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every fuch Infpeftion, and at the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words of luch Copies or Extrafts of the (aid Map or Plan and Book of Reference; and that the faid Truftees, in making the faid Diverfion and new Branco of Road, ffiall not deviate more than One hundred Yards of Three Feet each from the Line deftribed in the faid Map or Plan, without the Confent and Approbation in Writing of the Pcrfon or Perfons, Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, through whofe Lands or Grounds fuch Deviation fnall be made.

XII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That it ffiall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees to make the faid Diverfion and new Branch of Road into, through, acrofs or over the fevcral Lands or Grounds of any Perfon or Perfons who is or are or may be Owntr or Owners of Land over which the fame is let out and tie fieri bed in the faid Map or Plan as alotefaid, although the Name or Names of fuch Pcifon or Perfons may hapjien to be omitted in the faid Book of Reference, in cafe it fhall appear to any Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the faid County, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that fuch Error or Omiffion proceeded from Miftake.

XIII.	And be it further enafted. That if any Money lhall be agreed or awa-ded to be paid, for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pur-chaled, taken, or ufed by virtue of the Powers of the laid recited Adis, or this Aft, for the Purpofes thereof, which ffiall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Perfon or Perfons under any Difabilitv or Incapacity as herein mentioned, fuch Money ffiall, in cafe the fame (hall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with ail convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Truftees for executing the faid lecited Afts, and this Aft, to the Intent that fuch Money fhall be applied, under the Direftion and with the Approbation of the laid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a lummary Way by the Perfon orPerfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits cf the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in th; Purcfufe or Redemption of the [.and Tax, or towards the Dilcharge of any Dent or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the faid Court fhall authorize to be paid, affefting rhe fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, oraffefting

[Lee. & Per.]'	.£	F	other

For refttain-ing the 1 ruf-

tees from de» viating beyond a certain DiHameof rite Line de-ferihed in the Plan, itc.

Truftees may make Road through Ground, although the Owner.

Name* are not in the Book of Kekrence.

Application of

Cump'.nfation Money where exceeding tool.

4-8 2

4-8* GEORGII III. Cap. 33. '

oiher Lands, Tenement?, or Hereditament, (landing fettled therewith to the lame or the like Uf s, Intents, or Furpofes; or where luch Money lhall not be fo applied, then the lame (hall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of o her Melfuag.-s, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which lhall be convryed and I'cttled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ules, Trulls, In ents, and Furpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Mcffuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which lhall be fo purchaled, taken, or ufed as aforefaid, flood lettled or limited, or luch of them as at the Time of making Lch Conveyance and Settlement lhall be exilting undetermined and rapable of taking Effeft 3 and in the mean Time, and until fuch Purchafe lhall be made, the laid Money by Order of the faid Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, lhall be inverted by the faid Accountant-General, in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank An-nuitie- and in the mean Time and until the faid Bank Annuities lhall be ordered by the laid Court to be fold for the Furpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities lhall, fiom Time to Time, be paid, by Order of tfic faid Court, to the Perlon or Ptrfons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, fo hereby diretted 10 be purchaled in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

if'onder tool. XIV. Provided always, and be it further enabled. That if any Money, an.1 exceeding fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-■ -	ments,	purchaled,	taken,	or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belong-

ing to any Corporation, or to any Perlon or Pcrfons under any Difability or t	Incapacity	as afurclaid, lhall be lefs than the Sum ot Two hundred

Pounds, and lhall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame lhall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments, fo purchaferi, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fig-nified in Writing under his, or their relpettive Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be plared to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner her-in-before direfled, or orherwife the lame lhall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trullees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Five or more of the faid Trultees (luch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Wiiting under the Hands of the nominating and approv. ing P.ir.ies) in order that fuch principal Money, and the Dividends arifing thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, fo far as the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Dire&ion or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

If under icl XV. Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That where fuch Money, fo agreed or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned, lhall be lefs than the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cales the fame fhall be applied to the Ufeof the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments, fo purchaled, taken, or uled for the Purpofes of this A£t, in

H	luch

4S* GEORG.II III. Cap. 33.	483

Utah Manner as the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them ftiali think fit, or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guar-dian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ule and benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entiiied rcfpeftiyely.

XVI,	And be it further enafted, That in cafe the Pcrfon or Perfons, rncafsofite-to whom any Sum or Sums of Money fhall be awarded for the Purchafe o.'of rniunakf of any Land«, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchaftd by virtue in? nut Titles, of the faid recited Afts and this Aft, fhall refufe to accept the fame, or ^p^totli0 fhall net he able to make a good Title to the Premifes, to the Satisfac- Bank.

tion of the laid Trullees, or any Five or more of them, or in cafe fuch Perlon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money (hall be fo awarded as aforefaid, cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perlons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or difeovered, then and in every fuch Cale it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money !o awarded as aforefaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, ini the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the Court of Chancery to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (defenbing them), fubjeft to the Order, Controul, and Dilpofition of the faid Court of Chancery ; which faid Court of Chanctry, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, fhall be, and is hereby empowered in a fummary Way of proceeding, or otherwife, as to the faid Court fhall feem meet, to order the fame to be la d out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Diftribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpeftive Eltatc or Eftates, Title or Intereft, of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim theieunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premiles as to the faid Court fhall feem juft and reafonable, and the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England, who fhall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receiptor l^eceipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That where any Quef- where any

tion fhall arife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money1, to be paid	,lha"

into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Ac- tiVe'ntie* toS countant-Ger.eral of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of this Aft, Mai.ey to be for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of foiis’wno may any Eftate, Righr, or Intereft in any Lands, Tenements or Heredita- bein Pofliffior ments, to be purthafrd in purfuance o* the laid recited Afts and this

Aft, or to any Bank Annuities to he p.urchafed with any fuch Money, or the Dividends or Intereft ct anv fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon cr Perfons who fhall have been in Pcflcffion of fuch Lands, Tenements, orliete-ditamrnts, at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the PoffeiEnn of fuch Perfon or Perfons, fhall be decayed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to luch Pofieffion, until the contrary fhall be (hewn to the Satisfaction ot the faid Court of Chancery ; and the-Dividends or Intereft of the B ink Annuities to be pojrchafed with fuch V i "b	Money,

4-8*

4S* GEORGII

III. Cap. 33

Money, and alfo the Capica) of fuch Bank Annuities, Hull be paid, applied, and dilpoled of accordingly, unlefs it fhall be made appear to the faid C< urt that (ui h Poffeffion was a wrongful Puffeflion, and that fome other Peifon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled tofuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftat£ or Intercft therein.

CUnc*yTm'y XVIII. Provided alfo, and be it further enadcd, Thar where, by reafon order Expen- °f anv Uifability or Incapacity jot the Perfon or Perfons or Corporation, M t!^U Ch*d ent'l*cc* t0 any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchaled by the Truf-' ur|der the Authority c^f the faid recited Adb and this Ad, the Purchafe ««««•	Money for the fame (hall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery,

and to be applied in the Purchafe of othef Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes, in purfuance of the laid recited Ads and this Ad, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court of Chancery to order the Expencesof all Purchaies, from Time to Time, to be made in purfuance of the faid Ads and this Ad, or fo much of fuch h xpenccs as rhe faid Court fhail deem reafonable, to be paid by the faid Truftees, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the faid Ads and this Ad, w ho fhall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money, for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court lhall dired.

Mortgagee to XIX. And be it further eriaded. That every Mortgagee of any Mcf-coney. fuages, Buildings, Lands, and Hereditaments which fhall be purchafed or acquired by the faid Truftees or any of them in purfuance of this Ad, his, her, or thcr Heirs, Executors, Adininiftrators, and Alfigns relpec-tively, on having Six Calendar Months Notice in Writing given to him, her, or them, from the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, or any Perfons authorized by them or any Five or more of them, of paying off the P incipaland Imereft Money which fhall be due on fuch Mortgages refpedivcly, (hall, at the End of the faid Six Calendar Months alcrr fuch Notice, on Payment or Tender of the Principal Money and Intcreft which lhall be then due, convey and aflign his, her, and their refptdive Eftares and Imerefts in and to the faid mortgaged Prcmifes, to the faid Truftees or any Five or mere of them, or to luch Perfon or Perfons as they fhall nominate and appoint, in Truft for the Ules and Purpofes of this Ad; and if any fuch Mortgagee, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftr..tors, or Afligns, fhall refufe fo to do, then ail Intercft on every fuch Mortgage, from the Expiration of the laid Six Calendar Months after any fuch Notice, lhall ceafe and determine.

Repenting . XX. -And be it further enadcd, That fo much of the faid recited Acts flwwatto** * as re*ates t0 the Performance of the Work commonly called Statute statute	Work, or to the Payment of a Compoficion or Contribution in lieu or in

w°rk.	refped thereof, fhall be and the fame is hereby declared to be repealed.

S	atuteLa- XXI. And be it further enadcd, That all Perfons who by Law are or bour*	lhall	be	liable	to do Statute Work, or are or (hall be chargeable towards

repairing and amending the Roads comprized in the faid Ads or either of them, or in this Ad, or any Part thereof, fhall Hill remain liable thereto; and it fhall be lawful to and for any Two or more Jufttces of the Peace for the faid County, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, or by their Treafurer, Clerk, Surveyor, or by their

Order,

4.8° GEORGII in. Cap. 2,3.

Order, yearly, to adjudge and determine whrt TaT or Proportion of the Statute Work fhalt eve; y'Year be dene upon the laid Road* bv the 1 ft i-bitants of the rtTpeftive Parifhes or Place-; in which the fiid find; li-, and alfo what Proportion of (he Monev rretived by the Surv< yor of-Sui* veyors of the H;gh .vays of every luch Pad h or Place, in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work as afore laid, fin all be by him, her, or them paid to the Lid Truftees or to their 1'roafurer or Trcafurcrs; and in order thereunto it final! be lawful for foch Juftices from it me to Time to fummon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of ev< ry fuel) Pafilh or Place, to bring in Lills before lut h Ju It ices, at ionic Place- to beexpreffed in fuch Summons (within I en Days after thefervin^ of i.'ch Summons) of the Names of the feveral Peffons who within-luch Pariih or Place are by Law fubjtct and liable todo Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for luch Statute Work, diftinguifhing the Nature of the Wotk to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwilV, m d alfo the Amount of the refpeftive Sums to be paid ; which Lifts of Names lhall be made in Ituli Manner and under foch Regulations and -Reftrftions' as aie or n> y be dirtfted by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repairs ot the public Highways; and cut of fuch Lilts the laid Judders (h ill and may allot, appoint, and order fuch and lo many of the Per Ions who ft ill appear to be iubjtci and liable to Statute Work as iforeluid,- to c o luch Number ot Days Statute Work in every Year upon the Lid Roads as the faid Juftices (hall think reafonabfe, and the fame ft II be done on luch Days and at fuch Times (not being Hayfime ot H.vrvcit) and i.i fuch Parts ot the laid Roads as the faid Truftees or their Sui vtyor or Surveyors Ihall from Time to Time order, direft, and appoint •, and the laid Juftices (ball and may alfo order and direct the Pctferns who by fuch Lifts lhall appear to be fubjrct and liable to the Payment of any iVlocey in litu of or as a Compofition for Statute Work as aforefaid, to pay fuch Proportion thereof as the faid Juftices fnall think proper, to the bid Truftees or their Treafurer, at fuch Time or Times as the Lid Juftiie3 ihall diredt; and in default of Payment thereof, the fame mail and m..y be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of tile refpeftive Perfons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the faid Adb or either of them authorized or diie ieti to be recovered ; and each and every Perfon who (hall negleiit or refufc to do fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, 01 their laft or ufu.il Hace or PLces of Abode, for that Purpcfe, by any Surveyor 10 the Lid Truftee.s, lhall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or ihe Default cf any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Hohi'e or Idorfes, Beaft or Beafts, to be provided by him, her, i r diem, be fubjedt and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties" and Forfeitures as fuch Perfon Or Perfons may be fubjtct or liable to by any Law cr Statute in force or efieft for the Repair of the public Highways; and it any Porlon who fhall come to wo'rk as a Labourer? orlh.di be lent with ar.y Team-tr Draught to work on the faid Roads, lhall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor tothe faid Tiuftees, luch Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dfftbifs the Pei ion who fhall be found idle or negligent- as aforefaid; and in that Cafe ev.ry fuch Perfon lhall be lubjcCt and liable to the relpettive Forfeitures and Payments-aforefaid, us it he had- neg-Es* Per.]	6 G—H	fecit	d

486

Truftees may compound f.n- Statute Work.

For paying E 'pences of this Art.

For Recovery of Penalties.

Fub'ic Act-

Term of the Act,

48* GEORGII III. Cap. ^3.

'ecleJ or rtfufed to come, or fuch Team or Draught had not been fent to work on any Part of the faid Roads; all which Forfeitures lhall be paid to the Treafurer to the faid Truftees, and applied towards the amending of the fa:d Roads; and in cafe the faid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the faid Parifhes or Places lhall refufe or wilfully neglect to give in fuch Lifts as aforefaid, or /ball knowingly or wilfully give in falfe and imperfeft Lift«, every fuch Surveyor fo offending (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Foity Shillings.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, to compound and agree by the Year or otherwife with the Poffcffors, Occupiers, Grantees, Truftees, Feoffees, and Committees of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which are or (hall be liable to or chargeable with the Repair of any Part of the faid Roads, or of any Bridge, Arch, or Sewer, or with any Pt-rfon or Perlons, for the Performance of his, her, or their Statute Work thereon j and alfo that it dial! be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of any cf the faid Parifhes, Townfhips, or Places, or fuch Churchwardens or Overfeers of the Poor refpcftively as aforefaid, by and with the Confent of the Majority of the Inhabitants of fuch Parifhes, Townfhips, or Places, firft had at any Veftry or other public Meeting of fuch Inhabitants, to compound and agree by the Year or otherwife with the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, for and in lieu of the Statute Work to be performed by fuch Inhabitants upon any Part or Parts of the faid Road, all which Com-pofttion Monies fhall be from Time to Time paid in Advance, and lhall be applied in Repair of the faid Roads; and all fuch Surveyors, Churchwardens, and Overfeers of the Poor, fhall be reim-buifed the Money fo by them paid, in fuch Manner as Surveyors of the Highways are by Law to be reimburfed the Monies by them expended in buying Materials for repairing the Highways.

XXIII. And be it further enafted, That all the Charges and Expences of obtaining and pafiing this Aft, fhall be defrayed out of any Money already collected or received by virtue of the faid former ,Afts, or out of the firft Monies to atile by virtue of the faid former Ads, and this Aft, in preference to all other Payments whacfoever.

XXIV.	And be it further enafted That all the Penalties and Forfeitures hereby inflicted and itnpoftd, fhall be recovered and levied in fuch and the fame Manner as the Forfeitures and Penalties for Offences againft the faid recited Acts are thereby direfted to be recovered and levied.

XXV.	And be it further enafted. That this Aft fhall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Public Aft, and as fuch be judicially taken Notice of by all Judges, Juftices, and other Pcrfons whomfoever, without fpecially pleading the lame.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted, That the Term granted and continued by the faid recited Afts fhall, upon the Fourth Men lay

6	next

487

48° G EORGII III. Cap. 33.

next after the parting of this Aft, ceafe and determine; and that the (aid Afts (fubjecl as herein-before mentioned) and this Aft fhall from thenceforth continue and be in force and be executed for and during the Term cf Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Sertion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s mod Excellent Majefty. 1808.





'M ; ! m if;

.....

V	:	'	F	r	-	'*■•	r-4	V	*	'	■

)!*N\ i

■

L}\ s'



ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

#**#***************#< *********************************

Cap. 34.

An Aft to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers cf Two Afts of His prefent Majcfty, fo far as the fame relate to the Two Diftrifts of Roads therein defcribed, leading from High Bridges to Uttoxeter, and from Spath to the Halfway from thence to Hanging Bridge, in the County of Stafford.	[14th April	1808.]

WHEREAS an A£t was pafled in the Sixth Year of the Reign

of His prefent Majeily, intituled, An Aft for repairing and 6 G. 3.0.1*. widening the Road from High Bridges in the County cf Stafford, to Uttoxeter, and from Spath to Hanging Bridge, and from Tewnail’s Line to Yoxall Bridge in the faid County, whereby feveral Tolls, Powers, and Authorities were granted to the Truftees therein named, and their Suc-cefi'ors refpedtively, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from High Bridges to a certain Street or Lane in Uttoxeter aforefaid, called Bradley Lane, and which Road is by the faid Act called The Fit ft Diftiidf of the Roads thereby intended to be repaired and widened ; and alfo for tepairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, One full Moiety or Half Part in Length of the Road leading from the Royal Oak at Spath to Hanging Bridge aforefaid, and lying next to Spath, and by the faid Aft called The Second Diftritft of the Roads thereby intended to be repaired and widened : And whereas an A£t was pafled in the Twenty-\_Lot. Ss8 Per.2	61 ' ft vent	h

494

*7 G> j> C. SS

AS* further continued.

Truftess for the Firtt CiSrifl.

4.8° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 34;

fcventh Year of the Reign of His faid prcfcnt Majefty, intituled, afo Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an ASI paffed in the Sixth Tear <f the Reign of His prefont Majtfiy King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from High Bridges in the County of Stafford, and from Spath to Hanging Bridge, and from Tewnall's Lane to Yoxall Bridge in the faid County,fo far as the fame relates to the Two Di/lriSls of Road therein deferibed: And whereas great Progrefs has been m ide in the Execution of the faid recited Ads within the faid refpedive Diftrids, for which Purpofe confiderable Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls and Duties refpedively arifing within the fame; but the faid Roads cannot be effectually amended and kept in repair, nor the Monies now owing as aforefaid be paid off, unlefs the Term granted by the faid ACts is further continued, and unlefs the Powers and Provifions thereof are altered and enlarged, fo far as relates to the faid Two Diftiids; May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King’s ir.oft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid recited Ads of the Sixth and Twtniy-ftventh Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provifions, Penalties, Remedies, Claufes, Matters and Things therein contained, and which were in force immediately before the paffing of this Ad, fo far as the fame relate to the faid rrfpedive Diftrids of Road leading from High Bridges in the County of Stafford, to Bradley Lane in Uttoxeter, called The Firft Diftrid, and the Moiety or Half Part in Length of the fa d Road, from the Royal Oak at Spath to Hanging Bridge aforelaid, and lying next to Spath, called The Second Diftrid (except fuch of them as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed, and except fuch Parts of the faid recited Ads as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties) fhall be and continue in full force and effed, and be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effedually, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, as if the fame were herein particularly repeated and re-enaded, but fubjed neverthelefs to the Amendments, Alterations, Variations, and Additions herein contained, and which fhall commence upon the paffing of this Ad ; and this Ad, and the additional Term and Tolls hereby granted, (hall be fubjed and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing upon the Credit or on Account or the faid recited Ads, or which fhall hereafter be borrowed or become due on the Credit of the faid Ads and this Ad, fofar as relates to the faid Two Diftrids of Road refpedively, and all Intertfl due and to become due for the fame.

II,	And be it further enaded, That the Representatives ferving in Parliament for the Time being for the faid County of Stafford, the Reprefcn-tatives ferving in Parliament for the Time being for the City oi Litchfield, Edward Anfon, William Akers, Jofepb Akers, Eger tin Alcoek, Hugh Thomas Annerley Alcoek, the Honourable Charles Bagot, the Honourable Richard Baget Clerk, Walter Bagct Clerk, Richard Bateman, Hugh Bailye Clerk, John Blurton, William Blurton the younger, fames Blair, Thomas Buck-j<ion, James Bell, Samuel Botham, Charles Bennett, Penn AJheton Curzon, Charles Chadwick,	Carey	Clerk, Francis Calvert, Thomas Clewley,

Michael Clewley, John Crofs/ey, Charles Cope, William Charles, Jfcute Charles, Thomas Earp, Francis French the younger, Edward Fox, John Fox,

7	Grove

48bGEOROri III. Cap. 341	4^5

'Grove Clerk, Thomas Godrich, Thomas Hart the younger, Thomas Kirk~ patrick Hall, John Hall, Robert John Harper, Thomas Hyde the younger,

John Hawthorn, John Lane, Thomas Lawrence Clerk, Manlove Vernon Lawrence, Charles Hugo Meynell, William Mott, William Towers Minors, Richard Minors, William Molincux Marjlone, Simon Mountfort Clerk, John Morley,

Thomas Morley. Thomas Pickering, William Phillips, Benjamin Parr, Jofeph Summer land, William Summerland, Thomas Cotton Sheppard, Thomas Sneyd,

Edward Saunders, Francis Spencer, Jihn Spencer, John Shipley, the Honourable John Talbot, Charles Wolfeley, Mark Anthony Whyte, Jofeph Walkeden,

Sampfon Walked n, James Webb, George Webb, Roger Warner, John Wetlon, Stephen Willcock, and William Webb, (hall, fiom and immediately after the palling i f this Aft, be added to and joined -with the Truftees appointed by or in purfuance of the faid recited Afts for putting the fame and this Aft in Execution, fo far as relates to the faid Firlt Diftrift of Road : And that the Reprefentatives ferving in Parliament for the Time being for the (aid County of Stafford•, Edward Anfoh, uiitritt. William Alkers, Jofeph Akers, the Honourable Charles Bagct, the Honourable Richard Bagot Clerk, Richard Bateman, John B'uricn, William Blurton the younger, James Blair, The'mas Buckfion, James Bell, Samuel Botham, Penn AJheton Curzon, Francis Calvert, Thomas Clew ley, Michael Clewley, John C ofslev, Charles Cope, Thomas Cbawner, Thomas Carrington,

William Carrington, Court Dewes, Davies Davenport, Thomas Earp, Francis French the younger, Edward Fox, John Fox, Robert Charles Greaves, Thomas Gcdrich, Thomas Hart the younger, John Hawthorne, James Eytcn Main-waring Clerk, William Towers Minors, Richard Minors, William Molincux Marjlone, Simon Mountfort Clerk, John Morley, Thomas Morley, Thomas Pickering, William Phillips, Richard Riddlefden the younger, Jojeph Sum-merland, William Summerland, Thomas Cotton Sheppard, Thomas Sneyd,

Edward Saunders, John Shipley, Mark Anthony Whyte, Thomas Wilfon, Roger Warner, John Wetton, Stephen Willcock, and William Webb, (hall from and immediately after the palTing of this Aft, be added to and joined with the Truftees appointed by or in purfuance of the faid recited Afts for putting the fame and this Aft in Execution, fo far as relates to the faid Second Dif-rift cf Road ; and the Truftees herein nominated for the faid refpective Diftrifts and their Succeflors, to be elefted and being qualified in the Manner by the faid firft recited Act direfted, are hereby empowered to aftin the Execution of fo much of the faid recited Afts as relates to their faid refpeftive Diftrifts, and of this Aft, as fully and effeftually to all Intents and Purpofes, as if they had been named in or appointed by virtue or in purfuance of the faid recited Afts, or cither of them.

III.	And be it further enafted, That the faid refpeftive Truftees may Truftees may fue and be fued for or concerning any Thing to be done by virtue or in btj purfuance of the faid recited Afts and this Aft, either in the Names of the Nam* of their Truftees refpeftively, who may be Parties to any Deed or lnftrument in tler* or Wricing upon whiih any Aftion (hall or may be brought, or in the Name fi<:alurer• of their relpeftive Clerk or Treafurer for the Time being ; and that no Aftion or Suit to be brought or commenced by the Direfttoti of or againlt the faid refpeftive Truftees in their Names, or in the Name of their ref-peftive Clerk or Treafurer, (hall abate or-be difeontinued by the Death,

Incapacity, or Removal of any Truftee or Truftees, or Clerk or Treafurer, or by the Aft of fuch Clerk or Treafurer, without theConfcnt of the faid Truftees refpeftively, or any Five or more of them, but that the Clerk

or

Collectors of Tolls compe-tent Witnef-fes.

496	48°GEORGII	III.	Cap.	34,

or Treafurer for the Time being to the faid refpedtive Truftees, in cafe fuch Adtion lhall be brought againft, or defended, in the Name of fuch Clerk or Treafurer, (hall be deemed to be Plaintiff or Defendant (as the Cafe may be) in every fuch Adtion or Suit: Provided always, that fuch Truftees, or Clerk or Treafurer in whofe Name or Names any Adtion or Suit (hall be commenced, proiecuted, or defended, in purfuance of the faid rrcited Adts or this Adi, (hall be fully reimburfed and paid out of the Monies arifing within their refpedtive Diftridts by virtue of the faid recited Adis and this Adt, all fuch Cods, Charges, Damages and Expences, as by the Event or in conlequence of any fuch Adtion or Proceedings they or he (hall bear, pay, expend, or be put unto, or become chargeable with, by reafon of their or his being fo made Plaintiffs or Defendants, or Plaintiff or Defendant as aforefaid,

IV.	And be it further enadled, That in cafe any Difpute, Suit or Litigation, lhall happen to ar ife touching or in any wile relating to the Tolls to be colledted on the faid refpective Roads, or the Recovery of fuch Tolls, the refpedlive Per Ions appointed to colledt the lame, or any other Perfon or Perfons adling by or under the Authority of the faid refpedlive Truilees, lhall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any fuch Difpute, Suit, or Litigation, by reafon of their or his being appointed to colledl the faid Tells, or adling under the Authority of the faid refpedlive Ttullees.

V.	And whereas the Tolls now payable on the faid Firft Diftridl of Road are become infufficient to keep ,the faid Road in good Repair, and pay the Intereft of the Money borrowed thereon, and the incidental Expences of the Trull; and the yearly Produce of the laid other Road called the Second Diftridl, arifing principally from the Carriage of Lime, is likely, in a (hort Time, to be fo much diminilhed by the Effedls cf a Canal now being made on the Side thereof, as to become alfo inadequate to the Purpofes before mentioned ; be it further enadted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July next after the palling of this Adt, the feveral Tolls and Duties granted and made payable in and by virtue cf the faid firft recited Adi of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, within the faid refpedtive Diftridts, (hall be, and the fame are hereby repealed (except as herein-after mentioned) ; and that inftead thereof there lhall be demanded and taken, by fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid refpedtive Truftees lhall from Time to Time authorize or appoint (or that Purpofe, before any Horfe, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage fhall be permitted to pafs through any Turnpike or Turnpikes, Toll Gate or Toll Gates, now erected aad fet up, or hereafter to be eredted and fet up, by virtue of the faid recited Adts cr either of them, and of this Adt, within the laid refpedtive Diftridts, fuch Tolls as any Seven or more of the faid refpedtive Truftees lhall think proper, not exceeding thefeveral and refpedtive Sums of Money herein-afeer mentioned ; (that is to lay)

Tollr.	For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Pair of Oxen or Bullocks, or

other Bealt, drawing any Carriage tyhatfoever with Wheels of Id's Breadta than Six Inches on the Sole thereof, the Sum of Sixpence.

For evtry Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Pair of Oxen or Bullocks, or other Bead, drawing any Waggon, Cart, Wain, or other fuch Carriage with

W heels

Repealing former Toll, and granting new ones.

Kew Tolls.

497

48*GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches or more on the Sole thereof, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny :

For every Horfe or other Bealt of Burthen, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny :

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or other Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score ; and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Number : And,

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score ; and lo in Proportion for any greater or lets Number:	4

Which faid Tolls and Duties hereby granted lhall be and the fame are hereby veiled in the faid refpeftive Trultees ; and the fame, and every Part thereof, (hall, after paying the Charges of palling this Aft, be fubjeft and liable to the Payment of the Monies borrowed or due, or to be borrowed or become due on the Credit of the Tolls arifing or to arifc within the faid Diftrifts refpeftively, and lhall be collefted, recovered, levied, paid, applied, alfigned, varied, and difpofed of in fuch and the fame Manner, and by fuch and the fame Ways and Means, and with the like Remedies for Non-payment or Evafion thereof, and with fuch Powers, and fubjeft to fuch Exemptions, and Powers of lelfening, raiftng, the fame again, and compounding for the fame, as are contained in the faid recited Afts or either of them, with refpeft to the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken within the faid refpeftive Diftrifts, but fubjeft neverthclels to this Aft, and the Proviftons, Regulations, and Rellriftions herein contained ; and the feveral Securities granted on the Credit of the faid former Tolls lhall be deemed and conftrued to extend to and embrace the Tolls hereby granted, in the like Manner as if the fame had been aftually in being at the Time of the Execution of the faid Securities, and had been aftually comprized therein.

VI.	And whereas by certain Claufes and Provifoes in the faid Firft recited Aft contained, the Truftces of the faid Firft Diftrict are reftrained from erecting any Gate, Toll Bar, or Turnpike, in, upon, or acrofs any Part of the Road leading from High Bridges to Abbots Bromley as therein mentioned; and the Tfuftees of the laid Second Diftrict are like-wife rtllrained from erecting any Gate, Toll Bar, or Turnpike, in, upon, acrofs, or on the Side of any Part of the Road lying within the Parilhes of Roceftcr and Ellajlon, or either of them : And whereas fuch Reftrictions have been found very inconvenient; be it enacted, That from and after the palling of this Act, the faid recited Claufes and each of them, and fuch Part and Parts of the faid Firft mentioned Acr, reftraining the faid rcfpective Truftees from erecting any Turnpike or Toll Gate within and between the faid feveral Parilhes and Places therein mentioned, or relating thereto, lhall be and the fame are and is hereby repealed.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That it (hall and may he lawful for the Inhabitants of the Parilh of Rocejlcr, with any of the Horf-sor other Bealls or Cattle aforefaid, to pafs through any Turnpike or Toll Bar erefted or to be eredted on the faid Second Diftrift, on Payment only of the Tolls and Duties dcmandable and payable before the p. fling of this Aft.

[JW. ft? Per.]	6K	V1U. Pro.

Claufe re-Itraimng the EreSion of Gates between High Bridge and Abbott" Bromley j and in the Parilhes of Rocelter and Ellafton, repealed.

Exemption to the nha-bh-.nts ot the Bui.'h of Rocelter,

49 S

Exemption to the Inhabitants or certain Parts ot the Parilh ot Uttoxetei .

Exemptions from Toll*

4B°GEORGII III.	Cap.% 4.

VIII.	Provided alfo, and be it farther ena&ed, That it (hail be'lawfuf

for the feveral Perfons redding within the Parilh of Uttoxeter, in going from fuch their Places of Abode towards Uttoxeter aforefaid, to pafs through snv Turnpike or Toll Bareredbed or to be eredbed in, upon, acrofs, or by the Side of the laid Second Dittridt within the laid Parilhof Ut-Jexcter, on Payment only of the Tolls and Duties demandjtble and.paya-* blc before the palling of this Adi.

IX.	And be it further enadted. That from and after the puffing of this Adi, the Exemptions granted and continued by the faid recited AdVs, fo far as the fame relate to the faid refpedtive Diftridls, lhall ceafe and determine; and that no Toll lhall be demanded or received for any Horfe, Mare, Gelding, or other Cattle drawing any Carriage, going for or returning laden or unladen, having been laden only with Stones, Gravel, or other Materials, for the repairing the laid Roads, or any of the Roads in the Pariflies or Places in which the fame, or any Part thereof, do lie ; or any Dung, Mould, §oi|, or Compolt of any K.nd, £Chalk and Lime excepted), for the manuring of any Garden, or other Land or Ground ; nor lhall any Toll be taken, demanded, or received for any Caniage or Cattle, going for the Purpofe of or returning from ploughing, lowing, tilling, or cultivating of any Land or Ground, or going for or returning unladen or only laden with Hay, Straw, Corn in the Straw, or "Wood, nor fold or difpofed of, but to be laid up in the Houfes: Outhoufes, Yards, cr on the Premifes of the Owner or Owners thereof, or for any Plough, Marrow, Dray, or other Implement of Hufbandry, cr for any Horfe, or other Bead or Cattle, drawing or carrying the fame in order for the repairing thereof, or ufing the fame in Hulbandry, or for any Horfe, or other Bead or Cattle, going to or returning from Water or Padure, or going to be, or returning from being Ihoed or farried, or for any Horfes, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatfoever Delfiriptioc, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expreffes under the Authority of His Majefty’s Pod Matter General, either-when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding the lame, or in returning back from-conveying the fame, or for the I lords of Soldiers on their March or on Duty, or Carriages or Horfes, or other Beads employed in carrying the Arms or Baggage of fuch Soldiers, or for any Horfe, Mare, or Gelding, furnilhed by or for any Perfon belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercile, provided fuch Perfons are in the Uniform of their refpeftive Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps refpedtivcly, at the Time of claiming fuch Exemptions, or for any Carriage, Hurle, or other Bead employed, in the Conveyance of Vagrants travelling with legal Fades; nor lhall any of the Tolls hereby granted be demanded or taken from any Inhabitant of any Parilh through which any Part of the faid Road doth lie, who lhall pafs through any of the faid Turnpikes 10 or from hh, her, or their rcfpcclive Parilh Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worlhip tolerated by La v, on Sundays, or on Ckri/imas Day, Coed Friday, cr any other Day On which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or who Ihdl attend the Funeral of any Perfon dying, and to be buried in any ot the laid Pariihes ; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from vifiting any lick Perfon, or upon other his parochial or miniderial Duty on a Sunday, or on Chri/tmas Day, Good

499

48® GEORG! I III. Cap.34;

Fliday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Audio-riry to be celebrated ; nor lhall any Toll be demanded or taken for or in refpedt of any Horfe, Cattle, or Beall, carrying any Paffenger, or drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calalli, or Chair, going to or returning from anyEledlion of a Knight or Knights of the Shire, to lervein Parliament for the faid County of Stafford on the Day or Days of fuch Election, or on the Day before or Day after fitch Eledlion (hall begin or be concluded ; and if any Perfon (hall claim and take the Benefit of any of the ! xemptions aforefaid, not being entitled to the lame^ orfhall make nfe of any Fraud whatsoever, whereby the Payment of the Tolls granted and continued by the faid recited Adis and this Adi, or any Part thereof, lhall be evaded, every fuch Perfon lhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, whereof One Moiety (hall be applied to the Purpofes of the faid Adis and of this Adi.

X.	And be it further enadted. That all Perfons who by Lavr are or Ststute fiiall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or lhall be chargeable towards Labour, repairing and amending the faid Roads or any Part thereof, lhall dill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it lhall be lawful for any Two or more Juflices of the Peace for the faid County of Stafford, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the faid refpedlive Trullees, or by their Treafurer, Clerk or Surveyor, or by their Order refpedlively, yearly to adjudge aud determine what Part or Portion of the Statute Work lhall every Year be done upon the faid Roads, by the Inhabitants of the refpedlive Parifhes or Places in which the fame do lie -, and alfo what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch Parilh or Place, in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, lhall be by him, her, or thing paid to the faid Trullees, or to their Treafurer or Treafurtrs; and in order thereunto it lhall be lawful for fuch Jultices, from Time to Time, to fummon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every fuch Parilh or Place, to bring in Lifts before fuch Jultices at fome Place to he expreffed in fuch Summons (within Ten Day3 after the ferving of fuch Summons) of the Names of the feveral Perfons who within fuch Parilh or Place are by Law fubjedt and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work, diftinguilhing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwife, and alfo the Amount of the refpedlive Sums to be paid, which Lift of Names lhall be made in fuch Manner, and under fuch Regulations and Rtftric-tions, as are or may be dire died by any Law or Statute in force or effedt for the Repairs of the public Highways ; and out of fuch Lifts the faid Juflices (hall and may allot, appoint, and order fuch and fo many of the Perfons who lhall appear fuhjedt and liable to Statute Work as aforefaid, to do fuch Number of Days Statute Work as aforefaid upon the fakl Roadi as the laid Juftices ftnll think reafonable, and the fame lhall be done at fuch Days and ;.t fuch Times (not being Hay-time or Harvelt) and in fuch Parts of the faid Roads as the faid Truflecs, or their Surveyor or Surveyors refpedlively, (hall from Time to Time order, diredl, and appoint; and the faid Juftices lhall and may alfo' order and diredl the Perfons who by fuch Lifts lhall appear to be lubjedl and liable to the Payment of any Morey in lieu of or as a Compofition for Statute Work as aforefaid, to pay fuch Proportion thereof as the faid Juftices lhall think *	.	proper.

5oo

48° GEORGII III. Cap.%4.

proper, to the faid Trudees or their Treafurer refpeftively, at fuch Tiaii or Times as the faid Judices fhall diredt; and in Default of Payment thereof, the fame lhall and may be recovered by Difttefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the refpeftive Perfons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the faid Aft authorized or direfted to be recovered; and each and every Perfon who fhall negleft or refufe to do fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their ufual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpofe, by any Surveyor to the faid refpeftive Trudees, fhall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horfe or Horfes, Bead or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be fubjeft and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as fuch Perfon or Perfons may be fubjeft or liable to by any Law or Statute in force or efftft for Repair of the public Highways; and if any Peifon who fhall come to work as a Labourer, or lhall be fent with any Team or Draught to work on the faid Roads, fhall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the faid refpeftive Trudees, fuch Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and difmifs the Perfon who fhall be found idle or negligent as aforefaid ; and in that Cafe every fuch Perfon lhall be fubjeft and liable to the refpeftive Forfeitures and Payments as aforefaid as if he had neglefted or refufed to come, or fuch Team or Draught had not been fent to work on any Part of the faid Roads; all which Forfeitures fhall be paid to the Treafurer to the faid refpective Trudees, and applied towards amending the Lid Roads ; and in cafe the faid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the faid Parifhes or Places, fhall refufe or wilfully neglect to give in fuch Lids as aforefaid, or lhall knowingly and wilfully give in falfe and imperfect Lids, every fuch Surveyor fo offending hall for every luch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

Application XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money fhall be agreed or of Compcnfa- awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, whenM°ney purchafed, taken, or ufed, by virtue of the Powers of the faid recited Afts amounting to and this Aft, for the Purpofes thereof, which fhall belong to any Corpora-*°°l	tion. Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Perfon or Perfons under any

Difability or Incapacity, as in the laid fird recited Aft particularly mentioned, fuch Money fhall, in cafe the fame fhall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Ptivity of the Accountant General of the Hrgh Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trudees rcfpeftively, tor executing the faid Afts and this Act within their faid refpeftive Didrifts, to the Intent that fuch Money fhall be applied under the Direftion and with the Approbation of the faid Courr, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, in the Purchafe of the Land Tax, or towards the Dtfcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrances or Part thereof, as the faid Court lhall authorize to be paid pff-fting the fame Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, danding fettled th-rewith, to the fame or the like Ufes, Ttufls, Inients, or Purpofes ; cr where fuch Money lhall not be lo ap-

48° GEORGII In. Cap.24-	Sor

plied, then the fame (hall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the laid Court in the Pur chafe of ocher Lands,

Grounds, or Hereditaments, which (hall be convrycd and filled to, for, and upon fuch and the l'ke Ules, Trufts, Intents, and Purpofei, and in the fame Manner as the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, which fhall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid, ftuod fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement fhall be exifting undetermined and capable cf taking EfTeft; and in the mean Time and until fuch Purchafe fhall be made, the Laid Money fhall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the Laid Accountant General-in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until inch Bank Annuities (hall, from Time to l ime be paid by Order of the faid Court, to the Petfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, fo hereby direfted to be purchafed, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if any Money Appli atiDn fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or other Me- “hcietl,e reditaments purchafed, taken, or ufed, for the Purpofes aforefaid, and be-* tio™Mt:ney longing to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under Difability or hf» than Incapacity as aforefaid, fhall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, abo»*a*ti and fhall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall, ac the Option of the Perlon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwife the fame fhall be paid at the like Option to Two Trufttes, to be nominated by the Perlon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Five or more of the faid refpedive Truftees (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that fuch Principal Money, and the Dividends arifing thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before direded, fo far as the Cafe may be applicable, without ob* taining or being required to obtain the Diredion or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That where fuch Money ApPiu»i-oc fo agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned (hall be lefs wi^ieth;: than Twenty Pounds, then and in fuch Cafes the fame fhall be applied ^°R'j0Ssltfs to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the .Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, for the Purpofes of this Ad, in fuch Manner as the faid refpedivc Truftees, oranyFiveor more of them, fhall think fit; or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian pr Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpedively.

[Lee. Ss* Per.]

6 L

XIV. And

5°*

III cafe of not making oat Title*.

Where any

Qneftion fliall arife touching any Title to the Mor ey to he paid, the Per-fon in 1'of-icllicn fliall he entitled’

48* GEORG 11 111. Cap. 31.

XIV.	And be it further enafled, That in cafe the Perfon orPerfuAS to whom any Sum or Sums of Money ihaJl be awarded for the Purchale of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed by virtue of the faid recited Afts and this Aft, (hall refufe to accept the fame, or (hall not be able to make a good Title to the Premdcs to the Satisfaction of the faid relpective Truftees; or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money (hall be f) awarded as aforefatd cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch L inds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or difeovered, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and tor the laid Truftees to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded as aforetaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with theiPriviiy of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments \_defcribing them] fubject to the Order, Controul, and Difpofinon of the faid Court of Chancery, which faid Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, fhall be and is hereby empowered, in a fummary Way of Proceeding or otherwife, as to the fame Court fhall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Dirtribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpeclive Eftate or Eftates, Title or Intereft, of the Perfon or Perfons making claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court fhall feem juft and reafonable ; and the Cafhier or Calbiers of the Bank of England, who fhall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and lpecifying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as lhall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid,

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Queftion fhall arife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accounrant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of this Act, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Eftate, Right, or Intereft, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed in purfuance of the laid lecited Acts and this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Monty, or the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perlon or Perfons who fhall have been in PofTeflion of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Peifons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or Under the PofTeflion of luch Perfon or Perfons, fhall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch PofTeflion, until the contrary fliall be fhewn to the Satisfaction of the Did Court of Chancery ; and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, fliall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlels it (hall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch PofTeflion was a wrongful PofTeflion, and that fomc other Pei fon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein.

9

XVI. Pro-

48* GEO RG11 III* Cap.34.	503

XVI.	Piovided alf<>, and be it further ennfted, That where, by reafon The Court of cf any Dilability or Incapacity of the Peifon or Perfons, or Corporation, ^yonSei* entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under reenable the Authority of the faid recited Adis and this Aft, the Purchale Money f*1

of the fame (ball be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and by the to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- Tru(lei,‘ ments, to be fettled to the like Ufes in purfuance of the faid recited Afts and this Aft, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchafes from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of the faid Afts and this Aft, or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Court fhall deem reafonable, to be paid by the faid Truf-tees refpeftiveiy out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the faid Afts and this Aft, who (hall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court (hall direft.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of obtaining and pafiing this Act, fhall be paid out of the Monies already raifed by virtue of the faid recited Acts, or out of the Monies which (hall be firft raifed by virtue thereof and of this Act, within the faid refpective Diftricts, in equal Moieties, and in preference to all other Payments whatfoever.

XVIII.	And be it enafted. That this Aft (hall be deemed and taken pabIic A(9 to be a Publick Act, and (hall be judicially taken Notice cf as luch

by all Judges, Jufttces, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and con- i>rm of ibe tinued by the faid recited Acts (hall, upon the pafling hereof, ceafe and Att. determine; and that the faid recited Acts (lubjcct as hcrein-bcfore mentioned) and this Act, fhall (rom thenceforth continue and be in force,

and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament.

Pay'll* £1-pences ot [lie A£,

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan. Printers to the King’s moil Excellent Majefty. 1808.





sign



c : - ;





£

*...#- e

. '	’	.	LV	I

f ■ * •• =	*>







Ixf.W. s ** -H’ ‘to .re: f, a lit .^r-.	,	.	,	*	-A	buf

■

. .

>	■	.	.V	;	'.Kfl'	li

'

«

...

• .

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

•ft****************************************************

Cap. 35-

An Adi for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Gay-wood and Mintlyn, in the County of Norfolk.

[14th April 1808.J

WHEREAS there are divers Open Field, Half Year, or Shack Lands, Warrens or reputed Warrens, Heaths, Severals, Commons, and Wafte Grounds, within the refpeflive Parilhes of Gnywood and Mintlyn, in the County of Norfolka And whereas William Bagge Efquire is or claims to be Lord or Owner of the Manor of Gay-iwood, and as fuch claims to be entitled to the Soil of fuch of the Warrens or reputed Warrens, Heaths, Commons, and Wafte Grounds which lie within the faid Parilh of Goywood, as now belong to or are Parcel of the faid Manor; and Sir Martin Browne Folkes Baronet is or claims to be entitled to the Soil of certain Lands or Trafts, Part of the Warrens,

Commons, and Wafte Grounds lying in Gaywood aforefaid, anciently called Riffley, but now commonly called or known by the feveral Names of Rijfly Wood, Riffl y Common, and Riffley Fen, as not now belonging to nor being Parcel ot the laid Manor; and the faid Sir Martin Browne 'Folkes alio is or claims to be entitled to the Trees, Underwood, Thorns, and Brakes growing on the lafl mentioned Lands or Tracts, and to a Right of Warren therein: And whereas the faid William Bagge is or claims to be Lord or Owner of the Manor or reputed Manor of Haveleffe in Mintlyn, and as fuch claims to be entitled to the Soil of the Heaths, Commons, and Wafte Grounds which lie within the faid Parilh of Mintlyn: And	'	I

whereas the faid William Bagge and Sir Martin Browne Folkes and divers [Lti. b* Perl]	6	M	other

v

5c6

Appointment cf Commif-ti oners*

provifions fer the Appointment of New Commiflion-C13«

48® GEORG 11 III. Cty.35.

other Perfons refpedively are the Owners of all the Mefiuages, Cottages* Lands, and Tenements within the faid Parilh of Gaywood: And whereas the laid JVilHam Bag^e is or is confidered as the foie Owner of all the Meffuages, Cottages, and Lands wirhin th- faid P.irifti ot Mintlyn. And whereas an Ad ofr'arlnment was palled in the Forty-fir ft Year of the Reign of LI is prefent Majefty King George the Third, intituled, An All for conciliating in One A cl certain Provifions ufually tnferted in Acls of Irubfure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the fev ral Falls ujually required on the faffing of Jucb Alls: And whereas it would be advantageous the leveral Parties entitled to or interefted in the faid Open Field, Half Year, or Shack Lands, Warrens or reputed Warrens, Heath , Severals, Commons, and Waite Grounds, if the leveral Rights of Shackage and of Sheepwalk or Foldcourfe, and of Common, to which the fame are now fubjed, were extinguilhed, and if the faid Lands and Grounds, except thole called Riffley, were divided, and fpecifick Pirts or Shares thereof allotted to the retpedive Perfons entitled to or interefted in the fame, according to their refpedive Eftates, Rights, and Interefts; buc as fuch Extinguilhmenr, Divifion, and Allotment cannot be effectually made and eft lblilhed without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: iVLy it therefore plcafe Your Majefty that it may be enaded ■, and be it cnaded by the King’s rnoft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Conknc of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parl'amenc affembled, and by the Authority of the lame, Tfia- Samuel Htyhoe Le Neve Gilman of Hingham in the faid County ot Norfolk Gentleman, John Dugmore of Swaffham in the faid Counry Gentleman, and Hsriot Stand-banks of North IVootton in the faid County Gentleman, and their Suc-ceffors, to be eleded in the Manner herein-aker provided, fhall be and {hev are hereby appointed Commiftioners for dividing and allotting the Open Field, Half Year, or Shack Lands, Warrens or reputed Warrens, Heaths, Severals, Commons, and Waite Grounds within the faid Parifhes of Gaywood and Mintlyn relpcdively, and for carrying into Execution this Ad, and fuch of the Power?, Diredions, Regulations, and Provifions contained in the faid recited Ad as are nor expielsly altered, varied, or ptherwife provided for and enaded by this Ad; and that all Ads, Matters, and Things authorized or neceffary to be done or txecuted by the faid Commiftioners, or their Succeffors as aforefaid, in purfuance of this and of the faid recited Ad refpedively, may be done and executed by any Two of them, and (hall be as good, valid, and effcdual, and have the fame Force ana EfLd as if fuch Ads, Matters, and Things had been done and executed by all the faid Commiftioners herein-before named, or to be appointed in Manner herein expreffed.

II. And be it further enaded. That if any One or more of the Commiftioners herein named, or to be appointed as hereiu-aftcr expreffed, fhali die or refufe to ad, or become incapable of ading as a Commiflioner or Commiftioners in the Executi >n of this and the faid recited Ad, before all the Powers, Authorities, and Trufts hereby veiled in fuch Commit fioners (hall have been fully executed and performed, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall be lawful for the furviving or remaining Cummifiioners or Comm.flioner, and they and he are and is hereby required, at any Time within Forty Days next after fuch Death, Refufal, or Incapacity fhall be known to them or him, by Writing under their or his Hands or Hand, to appoint another Perfon (not being interefted in the intended

Divifion

480 GEOK GII III. Cap. 35.

Divifion and Inclofure) to be a Commiflioner for the Purpofes of this and the faid recited Aft, in the Place or Stead of each Commiflioner fo dying or refufing to aft, or becoming incapable of aftiflg; and every Commiffioner lb to be appointed as aforefaid, (hall, after taking or fubferibing the Oath or Affirmation preferibed in that Bhalf, have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying the faid recited Aft and this Aft into Execution in all refpefts as it be had Deen named and appointed a Commiffioner in and by this Aft.

III.	And be it further enafted. That each cf the faid Commiflioners Allowance who Hull aft in the Execution of this Aft lhall be paid and allowed the

Sum ot Three Potinds and Three Shillings, and no more, for every Day in which he (hall attend in the Execution of this Aft, or lhall be engaged in going to or returning from any Meeting under the fame; which Sum of Th-ce Pounds and Three Shillings per Diem lhall include and be in Sa'-isfaftion of and for all Charges and Expences whaifoever incurred by him in going to, attending at, and returning from fuch Meeting or Meet* ings rclpeftively.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiflioners (hall and Notice of th.-y are hereby required to caufe Notice in Writing of the Time and Place

of their Firft and every other Meeting for the Execution of this Aft, to be inferted in the Norfolk Chron'nli or Norwich Mercury, or in fome other Newlpaper publifhed or circulated in the faid County of Norfolk, Eight Days at lead befere every fuch Meeting (Meetings by Adj /urnment excepted); and if One only of the laid Commiflioners lhall be prefent at the Time and Place to be appointed for any fuch Meeting, then and in fuch Cafe and fo ofren as the fame (hall happen, it (hall be lawful for fuch One or Angle Cotnmiflioner to adjourn fuch Meeting to fome Place within the faid Parifh of Gaywood, or within Eight Miles thereof, which he lhall think convenient, giving Notice of fuch Adjournment to the ablent Commiflioners : Provided always, that all other Nonces neceflary or requifite to be made and given by the faid Commiflioners in purfuance of the faid recited Aft or of this Aft (hall be fo made and given by Writing, to be fixed upon the principal ourer Door of the Pari(h Church of Gay-wood aforefaid, or by Advertifemenc in the faid Norfolk Chronicle or Norwich Mercury, or in fome other Newfpaper publifhed or circulated in the faid County of Norfolk.

V.	And be it further enafted. That in order to fhorten the Boundary Forfhorten-or Boundaries between the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be *?2 Bomdirj divided, allotted, and inclofed or difeharged, and the adjoining Parifh or *enc's’ Parifhes refpcftively, it (hall be lawful tor the faid Commiflioners, with

the Confent in Writing of the major Part in value of the Land Owners of fucb adjoining Parifh or Parifhes refpcftively, or fuch or fo many of them as fhall attend at a Meeting to be for that Purpofe called, and alfo under the Hand or Hands of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manor or Manors in fuch adjoining Parifh or Parifhes refpeftively, and of the Owner or Owners of the Land upon which fuch Boundary or Boundaries fhall 01 may be intended to be made as hereafter mentioned, to fit out, afeertain, and determine the Boundary Fences to be made between the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclofed or difeharged, and the Lands lying in fuch adjoining Parilh or

Parifhes.,

5°8

Rtfpe&ing Ent roach-meats.

Csmnvflion. ers to fettle Di putt*

48® G E O R G11 III. Cap. ^

Parifhes, as they the Paid Commiffioners lhall judge propeh for the Put*, poles aforefaid; and after fuch Boundaries fhail be fo fet out, ufcertained, and determined, the fame fhail be inclofed and fenced or not by fuch Perfon or Perfons refpeftively, and in fuch Manner and at fuch Time or Times as the laid Commiffioners lhall by their Award direft, and fhail for ever thereafter be deemed and taken to be the Boundaries between the faid P.rilhes of Gay wood and Mintlyn reflectively, or between both or cither of thofe Parifhes rtlpeftively, and fuch adjoining Parifh or Parifhes refpeftively as aforefaid; any Law, Ulage, or Cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.	'•	'

VI.	And be it further enafted, That all Encroachments which have at any Time within Twenty Years now laft paft been made upon the faid Warrens or reputed Warren*, Heaths, Severals, Commons, and Waite Grounds, by this Aft direfted to be divided and allotted, or difeharged from Rights of Common, ffiall'be deemed to be Part of the Warrens or reputed Warrens, Heaths, Severals, Commons, and Wafte Grounds to be la divided and allotted or difeharged (except in fuch Cafes as hereafter mentioned)’; and in cafe any Impute or DififtcT.ce fhail arife touching any fuch Encroachment or Encroachments,"or the Extent thereof refpec-tively, or refpefting the Conftruftion or Application of the Term Encroachment under this Aft, fuch Difpute or Difference fhail be finally determined by the faid Commiffioners: Provided that nothing in this Aft contained fhail extend to any Encroachment or Iciofuie upon or < f any Parc or Pans of the faid Warrens or reputed Warrens, Severals, Commons, and Wade Grounds lying within the faid Parifh of Gaywccd, and now belonging to or Parcel of the faid Manor of Gaywcod. nude with the Confent of the Lord or Lords of the faid Manor ot Gaywood, and entered or recorded in the Court Books, or upon the Rolls 1 f. the faid Manor of Gaywcod, or which, having been made with or without fuch Confent, but not fo entered or recorded, lhall be accurately delineated or deferibed on Paper, and lhall be lo entered or recorded at any Time before the laft Meeting of the faid Commiffioners for receiving Claims, with the previous Confent in Writing of ti e Lord of the Lid Manor ot Gay-wood-, and the Sreward of the faid Manor of Gaywcod for the lime being is henby required to enter or record the Delineaiion or DefcriptLon of luch Encroachment or Inclofure, when offered to him with fuch previous Ctnfent as aforefaid, in the Court Books or on the Rolls of the faid Manor of Gaywcod; but no Perfon or Perfons poffeffing or enjoying any Encroachment or Inclofure, entered or recorded or to be entered or recorded as aforefaid, lhalJ, in refpeft thereof, be entitled to any Allotment out of any of the lands or Grounds to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Aft.

VII.	And be it further enafted. That if any Difpute or Difference lhall arife between any of the Parties interfiled or claiming to be interefted

in the faid intended Divifion and Allotment or Difchaige, touching or concerning any Right of Manor, Soil, Warren, Several, Shackage, Sheepwalk, Foldcourfe, or Common, or any other Right or Interdt which thry, or any of them, lhall claim to have of or in any of the Lands or Grounds hereby direfted to be divided and allotted or difeharged as afore-laid ; or touching or concerning their refpeftive Shares or Proportions of or in the lame refpeftively; of concerning any Allowance claimed or to be . T	5	made

4$#GE0RGII III. Cap. 35.	509

made for plowing, fowing Turnips or Corn, laying down with Grafs

Seed1, manuring or improving the faid Lands or Grounds, or any

Part thereof, or touching or concerning anv other Matter or Thtng

rel.ting to the faid Divifion, Allotment, or Difcharge, it fhall be lawful

for the*faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby required, as well by the

Examination, Infotmation, or Evidence of WitnefTes upon Oath, as

upon any other proper and fufficient Enquiry or Evidence, to examine

into, hear, and determine the fame:	Provided that nothing in this Commiftion-

Aft contained fhall empower the faid CommilTioners to determine the ,ut", .uin«

•Ti le to any Manors, Mdluages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatfutver.

VIII.	And be it further enafted. That in cafe the faid Commiflioners Commtinxn. fhall, upon the Determination of any Claim or Claims, Oojeftion or coifs'. Objcftio s, to be delivered to them in purfuance of the faid recited Aft

or this Aft, fee Caufe to award any Cofts, it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby empowered and required, upon Application made to them for that Purpofe, to fettle, aflefs, and award fuch Cofts and Charges as they fhall think reafonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties m whole Favour any Determination of the faid Commiflioners fhall be made by the Pcrfon or Pcrfons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Colleg:ate, whofe Claim or Claims, Objeftion or Objections, fhall be or have been difallowed or overruled, or ayainft whom the faid Commiflioners (hall have determined as aforefaid ; and in cafe the Perlon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, who fhall be liable to pay luch Cofts cr Charges, fhall negleft or retufe to pay the fame on Demand, it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by Warrant under their Hands and heals, direfted to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, to caufe fuch Cofts and Charges to be levied by Difliefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons, or of the Body or Bodies Politick,

Corporate or Collegiate, fo neglefting or refufing to pay the fame Cofts and Charges, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Perfon or Petfons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, whofe Goods or Chattels fhall have been diftrained and fold after deducting the Cofts and Charges attending fuch Diftrefs and Sale.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That in cafe any Perfon Power to try or Perfons, or any Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, who fdue at La*w, fhallmdeliver to the faid Commiflioners any Claim in Writing of any

Right or Intereft in, upon, or over the Lands or Grounds hereby direfted to be divided or allotted, or difeharged as aforefaid, or in, upon, or over any Part thereof, or who fhall deliver to the faid Commiflioners any Objeftion in Writing to any fuch Claim of any other Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, fhall be diflatisfied with any Determination of the faid Commiflioners touching or concerning any fuch Claim or Objeftion, or fhall be defirous of having the Matter of fuch Claim or Objeftion decided by the Verdift of a Jury, and (hall, within Two Calendar Months next after fuch Determination, caufe Notice in Writing cf fuch DifTatisfaftion or Dcfire to be delivered to or left at * the left or ufual Place of Abode of fuch C mmiflioners, it fhall be lawful for fuch Perfon or Petfons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate (having given fuch Notice as aforefaid), to proceed to a Trial £5* Per.J	6 N	at

5io

Commiflion-ci« may (lop up old Reads.

48* georg n 111. c^p. 35.

at Law of the Matter fo determined by the faidCommiilioners at the then next or at the following Affizes-tobe held for the fjid County of Norfolk-, and-tor that Purpbfe the Per Ion or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, having given fuch Notice as aforesaid, fhali, within Three Calendar Months after fuch Determination, caufe an /Vdtioii to be commenced in One of-His Majeft-y’s Couits of Record at IVeflminfter upon a feigned liToe, again it the Pci fun or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, in whcl'e Favour fuch Determination fhali have been made; and the Defendant or Defendants in luch Action or Adions (hall, and he, fhe, or they is and are herebv required to name an Attorney or Aitornies, who fhali appear thereto, or file Common Bail, and accept One or more Iffue or I(Tues, whereby fuch Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights, Inreieft it Interefts thereby infilled upon, may be tried and determined (fuel) Iffue or Iffues to be lettled by the proper Officer of the Court in which fuch Action or Actions fhali be commenced, in cafe the Parties fhali differ about the fame); and all Proceedings in fuch Adion or Adions fliall be fubjedt to the Rules or Orders of the Court in which fuch Adion or Actions (hall be brought, and the Verdict or Verdicts which fhali be given upon the Trial of luch Adion or Actions fliall be final, binding, and conclufive upon all and every Perfon and Perfons, and Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, unlcfs the Cjiirt wherein fuch Action or Actions fliall be broughr, fhali fee afide fuch V. rdict or Verdidsi and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it fhali be law. ful for the faid Court to do in cafe the faid Court (hall think proper; and that after fuch Verdid or Verdids fhali be obtained,, and not fet afitle by the faid Court, the faid Commillioners fhali and they are hertby required to ad in Conformity thereto, and to allow or difallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of fuch Trial or Trials : Pic-vided always, that if no fuch Notice fhali be given, or if any luth Notice fliall be given, and luch Adion at Law fhali net be commenced as aforel’aid, or if any fuch Adion fhali be commenced, and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein (hall not proceed to Trial within the Time herein-before limited for that Purpofe, then and in every fuch Cafe the Determination of the faid Commiffioners fhali be final, binding, and conclufive to all Intents and Pura pofes whatfoever: Provided alfo, that if any of the Parties in any luch Adion to be brought or commenced as aforefaid fliall die before the Detera mination thereof, fuch Adion fhali not abate by reafon thereof, but ftull be proceeded in as if no fuch Event had happened ; provided further, that no fuch Adion, Verdid, or new Trial, (hall impede or delay the laid Coma miffioners in the Execution of the Powers hereby veiled in them, but the Divifion and Inclofure hereby direded to be made fhali be proceeded in, in. fuch and the fame Manner as if no luch Adion or Suit were pending.

X.	And be it further tnaded. That it fhali be lawful for the faid Com. miffioners, and they are hereby authorized and empoweied, with the Concurrence and Order of Two Juftices of the Peace for the fa<d County of Norfolk, ading in and for the Divifion in which the Road or Roads, Footpath or Footpaths herein-after mentioned, fliall be fuuate, and who fhali not be interfiled in the Repair of fuch Road or Roads, Footpath or Footpaths, to ftop up and to dired to be difeontinued any publk k Road or Roads, Footpath or Footpaths, within the faid Patilhes of Gajwood and -Alintljn, or either of them, or any private Road or Roads, Footpath or Footpaths, through any Part or Parts of the Lands or Grounds inctoled or 6	■	^	unindufed

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 3$.

uninclofed within the faid refptftive Pjrifhes or either of them, which to the faid Commiffioners lhall appear ufelefs or unneceflary : Provided always, that fuch Order fo to be made lhall be made in Manner and fubjeft to Appeal to the Quarter SeUions of the Peace as in the faid recited Adi. is ex-prelfcd : P oftded alfo, that none of the prefenc Roads or publick Highways within the faid refpeftive Parilhes of Gaywood and Mintlyn, or either of them, (hall be fhut or flopped up or difcontinued until the feveral Roads, intended to remain or he the publick Roads or Highways within thofe refpeftive Parilhes, lhall be fet out according to the Direftions of the (aid recited Aft, and lhall be properly formed and made fafe and convenient forHorfes, Cattle, and Carriages; provided further, that it lhall not be lawful for the Surveyor < r Surveyors of Roads, to be appointed hy the faid Comniillioners under the Power contained in the faid recited Acl, to put into Repair, by or out of any of the Money to be raifed by virtue of this Aft, any old of prelent publick Roads or Highways within the faid refpeftive Parilhes, or any publ ck Roads or Highways there made previouflv to the pairing of this Aft, which lhall be fet out or appointed by the faid Cdmmiffioneis, to remain or be in futue publick Roads or Highways within thofe Parilhes re-fpeftivelv, or any Part or Parts which lhall be fo fet out or appointed of luch publick Roads or Highways; but that all fuch old or prdent publick Roads or Highways, or publick Roads or Highways made previoully to the polling of this Aft, as lhall be ftl fet out and appointed, and every Part which lhall be fo fet out or appointed of the fame publick Roads oh Highways, lhall be firft put into Repair by fuch Perfons, and in likb Manner as fuch Roads and Highways are or ought by Law to be afterwards fupported and kept in Repair.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That for and notw'th-ftanding any Thing herein-before contained to the contraiy thereof, they the faid Commiffioners lhall and they are hereby required to fet out and provide upon and over a certain Place called Saer’s Marjb, Part of the laid Commons and Waile Grounds in Gaywood aforefaid, direfted to be divided and allotted as aforefaid. One private Carriage Road of the Width of Eighteen Feet at the lead in the Clear, the fame to extend in a South Eaft Direftion from the South End of a Lane called Gaywood Lane otherwife Gaywood Hofpital Lane, to a Bridge over a publick Drain opening into certain Lands or Giounds fituate in the Parilh of South Lynn dll Saints, in the faid County of Norfolk, formerly the Eftate of John Exton Efquire, deceafed, afterwards belonging to Martha Prior, and now veiled in the Truftees of Mary Fcjler, and George Edward Graham Efquire, and Mary his Wife; and alfo to fet out and provide another private Carriage Road of the like Width, to extend in a South or South-Weft Direftion from the afoiefaid Souih End of the faid Lane to the aforefaid Drain or a Continuation thereof, palling on the North or Nonh-Eaft Side of other Pieces or Parcels of the fame Lands oppofite to a Fence that now feparates or divides certain Pieces or Parcels of thofe Lands, and now in the re-fpeftivc Occupations of William Creek and Ifaguey Hadley, and of Harvey Goodwin, or Jo/eph Wales his Under-Tenant: So that the faid refpeftive Carriage Roads lhall and may at all Times for ever hereafter be uled and enjoyed by the refpeftive Owners and Occupiers of the aforefaid Lands reipeftively, in lieu of the prefent Roads or Ways claimed and exercifcd by them upon and over the faid Marlh called Saer’s Marjh-, they the Owners and Occupiers of the faid Pieces or Parcels of Land crefting at

their

5"

None of the prelent Roa)« to he ifoppcd up until others Ihah niivfcbBen

(el out.

For mnking pri ate Roads ro South Lynn Lands.

512

For Difcliarge

of Riehts on Riffley. '

Allotment for Common Right Owner in Sjuth Wootton.

48? GEORG 11 III. Gap:%$.

their own Expence the Bridge that (hall be thrown over the laid Drain in the Place lad mentioned, and for ever herraltcr keeping and mainU'mng the lame in Repair.

XII.	And be it further enided, That as foon as conveniently mav be after the faid CommilTioners (hall have received, confidered, and determined upon the Claims ot the refp<-dive Pt-rfons claiming Rights of Common 0»r other Rights in, over, or upon the faid Lands or Trails called Rffley, otherwife Riffley Wood, Rffley Cot/men, and Rffley Fen, the faid Commit Goners (hall elbmate and aiceit<do what Sum ot Money ought to be paid as and for the Value of or as a Coinpenfation and Satisfaction for or in lieu of fuch Rights of Common or other Rights as (hall be allowed by them, or for the Difcharge or Exoneration ot the fame Lands or IraCU from luch Rights, and (hall award and dired the fame Money to be paid accordingly ; which Sum fo to be awarded and directed to be paid (ha 1 be paid by the faid Sir Martin Browne Folkes, or the Owner or Proprietor, Owners or Proprietors of the Soil of Lie fame Lands or Trails called Rffley, otherwi c R ffley Wood, Rffley Common, and Riffly Fen, un;o the faid Commifli ntrs or as they (hall dhedt to be by them applied in Manner herein-afier mentioned: And upon and from and after fuch Payment, all and every fuch Rights of Common and other Rights in, ove*, or upon the faid Lands or Traits called Riffley, oiheiwife R'ffley Woody R ffley Common, And Riffley Fen in refpeit of which fuch Payment (hall be lo made, (hall ceaie, determine, and be for ever extinguifl-.ed; and in cafe the faid Sir Martin Browne Folkes, or the Owner or Proprietor, Owners or Proprietors ot the faid Lands or Traits called Riffley, otherwife Riffley Wood, Riffley Comm.n, and Rffley Fen, (hall refnfc, or for the Space of Two Calendar Months (ball neglcit to pay the Sum fo to be awarded and directed to be paid according to the Award and Direction of thr faid Commiflioners, the faid Lands or Tracts called Riffly, otherwife Rffley Wood, Rffley Common, and Rffley Fen, (hall be conlidcred as Part of the Commons and Waite Grounds within the laid Paiilh oi Gay wood, to be appropriated for Sale, or divided and allotted refpect'vdy according to the other Directions and Provifions of this and the faid tecited Act.

XIII.	And be i: further enailed, That the faid Commiflioners (hall when they fhall have received the Sum or Sums of Money for the Difcharge or Exoneration, or Extinguilhment of the Rights of Common and other Rights and Interelts in, over, or upon the faid Lands or Trads called Rffley, otherwife Riffley Wcod, Rffley Common, and Riffley Fen, fix and afeertain the jolt Proportion of the Money fo received, which fhall be a Satisfaction for or be paid for or in refpeCt of fuch of the faid Ri hes or Interelts as may belong to the Owners of Common Right Meffuages, and Cottages fituaie in South Wootlon in the County aforefaid, andaccorl-ing to cne Amount or Value of that Proportion of Money to allot fu i> Parc or Paris of the Commons and Wafte Grounds to be divided and allotted under this Ad, unto and among!! the Owners ot Common R gat Meffuages, and Cottages fituate in South Wootten aforelaid, accordir,; to their relpedive Rights and Interefts, as fhall in the Judgement ot the laid Commiflioners be equal to that Amount or Value, the proportionate art of the Expences of palling and executing this Ad chargeable on thefe Owners being Grit deducted.

XIV.	And

, 43.“ G E O RGII	Ilf;'-f Cap,^35.	5xj

XIV.	.And,, with regard to the: Op$n Field, Half. Year, or Shack Allotment Lauds within the laid Pariffi of Gaywocd, be it further enabled, Thar the “t

laid Commiffionets (hall Rafter having fet out and appointed fuck. publick in Gaywootf, Carriage Roads and Highways through, over, and upon the faid Op n Field Lands as they /hall judge .neceffary) allign, fet our, and allot che faid Open Field, Half Year, or Shack Lands unto and amongft the Itveral Owners and.Proprietors thereof, and unto and amongft the fever*! other Perlons, and Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, having any Right or Intereft in,io, upon, or over the fame, or any Part thereof in lucl) Shares and Proportions as the faid Commiffioners ffi-ll adjudge and determine to be proportionate to the Value of and a full Compenfaiion and Satisfaction to fuch Owners and Proprietors, and Perfon or Perfuns,

.Body or Bodies refpedively for his, her, and their refpedive Pam and Shares of and in fuch Lands, and for hi» her, and iheix refpedive Rights and Interefts in, to, upon, and over the fame refpedively.

XV.	And, with regard to the faid Warrens or reputed. Warrens, Seve- Allotment for rals. Commons, and Wafte Grounds within the faid Parifli of Gaywcod,

other than and except the faid Lauds or Tracis called Riffley, be it further enaded, That the faid Commiffioners ffiall, in the firft. Place, affign, let out, and allot unto the; Lprd or Lady for the Time being of the laid Manor of Gaywood, fo much and fuch Pa/t or Part of the aforefaid Warrens, Commons, and Wafte Grounds, hereby dfteded to be allotted within the faid Patilh of Gaywood, as ffiall in the Judgement of the faid Commit lionets be equal in Value tq One-eighteqnth Part of thofe Warrens, or reputed Warrens, Commons, and Wafte Grounds, by Way of Comprnfation and in foil Satisfadion for the Right of fuch Lord and Lady relpedivrly of, in, and to the Soil of the faid Warrens/Commons, and Wafte Grounds.

XVI.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Commiffioners (hall In Allotment for

the next Place affign, fet our, and allot unto all and every Perfon and	f

Perfons, and Body and Bodies Politick, Corpqrate or Collegiate, having shtepwiiic, any Right or Rights of Warren for Rabbits, or Right or Rights °f *£'G,y* Sheepwalk or Foldcourfe in, upon, or over all or any Part or Parts of *

the laid Warrens or reputed Warrens, Open Field, Half Year or Shack Lands,. Commons, and Wafte Grounds refpedively within the faid Pariffi of Gyjjood, other than and except the faid Lands or Trads called Rtffity, fuch Parts and Parcels of the fame Warrens or reputed Warrens, Field,

Half Year or Shack Lands,, Commons, and Wafte Grounds refpedively within tbac Pariffi, other than and excepc as aforefaid, as ffiall in the Judgement of the faid Commiffioners be an adequate Compenfation for and lulfy equal in Value to fuch his, her, or their fevtral and refpedivc Right or Rights of Warren, and Right or Rights of Sheepwalk or Fojd-Courfe as aforeiai.1.

i^VJI. And be*it further enaded, That ^he faid-Commiffioners ffiall Partcf the alfo appropriate and fijj out by Stakes* Landmarks, or other descriptive Bounds,, fuch Part or Parcel or parts or, P.acels of the Warrens or reputed Groun.iffn WarrenS, Several#, Commons, and Waft^. Grounds lying within the (aid Gaywcod to Pariffi of Gajwcdd, tjth'er than, and except ^Ke laid panels-or Trads called Idling two I. Rijffey, as will in the Judgement oi ;h,e faid Commiffioners produce, by Sale thereof'refpedively,'To much Money as, with the Su,.n to be paid-for the D fcharge or Exoneration of the faid Lands or Trads called Rrfll'y [Laf. G? fV.]	6 0	frem

5T4	48’	GEOfiGU III. Cap.i$.

fr8m Common and Other Rights as aforelaid, will amount unto the Sum of One thoufaftd Pounds, in cafe tlfe Sum lo to be paid for fuch Dilcharge of Exoneration fhaH be lefs than the Sum of One thoufand Pounds; and fiich Lands fo appropriated and fet out (hail be fold, and the Money arifing by Sale thereof, together with the Sum to be received for furn Difcharge or Exoneration of the faid Lands or Tradis called Rtffley as aforefaid, (half be applied in Manner and for the Porpoles hertiti-after mentioned.

Allotment to XVIII. And be it further enafted. That the faid Commiflioners (hall

MeUp«orof	*^en a(%n» f« oot> and allot unto the Lord or Lady of the Manor of

Gaywood.	Gaywood aforefaid, the Rtdlor of the Redory of Gaywood aforefaid, and

the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor of the laid Parilh of Gay-wood for the Time being, and to their Surccflurs for ever, as Truftees for the poor Inhabitants of the faid Panlh of Gaywood legally fettled therein, fuch Part or Parts of the Severals, Commons, and Watte Grounds within that Parilh, other than and except as aforefaid, as the faid Commiflioners (hall think molt proper and judge reafonablc for the Purpofes herein-after mentioned; and fuch Allotment or Allotments (hall, on the Execution of the Award of the faid Commifliontrs, be vefted in the Lord or Lady of the faid Manor of Gaywood, the Redor of the laid Redory, and the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor of the faid Parilh of Gaywood for the Time being, for ever, as Truftees for the poor Inhabitants of the faid Pariih of Gaywood legally fettled therein; to the Intent that the faid Truftees for the Time .being do and (hall permit and fuffer fuch of the poor Inhabitants of the faid Parilh of Gaywood who (hall be legally fettled therein, as (hall not occupy Lands or Tenements of mo'e than the yearly Value of Ten Pounds, to cut, take, and ufe Whins, Furze, Turf, Flags, Peat and Fuel (if any there be), on fuch Part or Parts of the faid Allotment or Allotments, in fuch Quantities, and at fuch Time or Times in each and every Year, and under fuch Regulations and Reftridions as the faid Truftees for the Time being, or the major Part of them (hall from Time to Time dired or appoint, and not otherwise-, and the fvd Truftees for the Time being, or the major Part of them, are alfo hereby empower' d from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to leafe or demife the Whole or any Part or Parts of the faid Allotment or Allotments which (hall not produce Whins, Furze, Turf, Flags, Peat or Fuel, or which (hall not be appropriated by the faid Truftees for that Purpofe, or the Grafs Feed and Herbage to grow, renew and arils from luch Allotment or Allotments refpedively, as the faid Truftees for the Time being, or the major Part of them (hall from Time to Time think proper, to any Petfon or Perfons whomfoever, for any Term of Yeats not exceeding Fourteen Years, to commence in Poffeffion end not in Reverfion; fo that in every fuch Leafe there be referved and made payable to the faid Truftaes for the Time being, by Quarterly or Half-yearly Payments in every Year, the beft or mod improved yearly Rent or Rents that can be obtained for the fame, without taking any Income, Fine, Premium, or Foregift in Confideration of granting fuch Leafe or Leaks; and that in all fuch L.eafes there be contained the ufual Covenants and Stipulations between Lefturs and Ledees, and fuch other Covenants and Stipulations, and fuch Security for the Petformance cf the fame, as the laid Truftees, or the major Part of them, (hall think mod proper to be inferred therein; and the Rents and Profits arifing from the faid Allotment or Allotments 6	fo

5*5

. . | y -r | \ f[xj HO ’T £) *£

48°GEORGII HI. Cap.^. Dm(h

fo let or demifed, (hall from Time to Time be laid out in the Putchafc of fuel, and fuch Futl (hail be diftributed amongft luch poor Inhabitants as aforefaid, of the faid Parifh of Gaywood, as (hall be legally fettled therein, and delivered at their refpeftive Dwelling Houfes there in fuch Proportions and Quantities, m fuch Manner, at fuch Times in every Year, and according to fuch Rules and Orders, as the faid Truftees for the Time being, or the major Part of them, fhall appoint and preferibe for that Purpofe, and not otherwife; and the Remainder, if any, of the Allotment or Allotments which (hall not be appropriated for taking Whins, Furze, Turf, Flags, Peat, and Fuel as aforefaid, nor fhall be fo let or demifed as aforefaid, fhall be ufed and enjoyed folely and exclufively by fuch poor Inhabitants of the faid Parifh of Gaywood as fhall be legally fettled therein, and fhall not occupy Lands or Tenements of more than the yearly Value of Ten Pounds, as a Common of Pafture for all Geefe, Stock, and Cattle which fhall really and bond fide be the Property of fuch poor Inhabitants, in fuch Manner, and at fuch l ime or Times, and according to fuch Rules and Regulations, as the faid Truftees for the Time being, or the major Part of them, fhall appoint and prefer the for thac Purpofe, and not otherwife: Provided always, that in cafe the Rrnts and Profits of fuch Allotment or Allotments (hall at any l ime or Times be more than fufficient to anfwer the Purpofes for which the fame is or are hereby directed to be fer our, then and in every fuch Cafe the faid Truftees for the Time being, or the major Part of them, (hall and they are hereby required to apply and difpofe of the Overplus of fuch Rents and Profits for the Relief of the Poor for whofe Benrfic fuch Allotment or Allotments fhali be fo fet out, in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees, or the major Part of them, (hall think propers provided that the Ex pence of Carriage of any Fuel which may be purchafed for the Relief or Bcntfic of the poor Inhabitants aforefaid fhall be borne and paid out of the General Poor’s Rate of the faid Parifh of Gaywood’. Provided al!o, that it fhall be lawful tor the Lord or Lady of the faid Manor of Gaywood, and the Rector of the faid Rectory for the Time being refpeftively, to aft in the Execution of iheTrufts hereby repofed in them as aforefaid by their refpeftive Agents cr Pioxies, fuch Agents or Proxies refpeftively being or having been appointed by Writing under the Hands of the laid Loro, Lady, and Reftor refpeftively, and producing their refpeftive Appointments ar the Time of their acting by virtue thereof, if required fo to do j but no Perfon fhall aft as Agent or Proxy for more than One Truftce at the fame Time.

XIX. And be it further enafted. That the faid Commiffioners (hall, if they fhall think fit, aflign, fet out, and allot unto the Surveyors of the Highways for the Time being within the faid Parilh of Gaywood, and to their refpeftive SuccefTors for ever, fuch Part and Parcel, or Parts and Parcels of the Commons and Wafte Grounds hereby dirtfted to be divided and allotted within that Parifh, as the faid Commiflioners fhall think nectf. fary and moft convenient for publick Watering Places for Cattle, and for publick Gravel Pits; and fuch Allotment or Allotments (bail be inclofed and fenced in fuch Manner as the laid Commiffioners (hall dirtft, and when fet out (hall for ever thereafter be ufed by the Surveyors for the Time being of the Highways, and by the refpeftive Proprietors of Lands and Eflates within the laid Parifh of Gaywood, and their refpeftive Tenants for the Time being, in fuch Manner and under fuch Rules and Regulations as the Churchwardens and Overfcers of the Poor, and the refpeftive Surveyors

Arpl’ca'.ioit of Ovetplus Rents of Pool ’• Allotment.

Allotment#

for Gravel Pit?, and for

Watering P ate* In Gaywood.

5i6

Allotment of the V lue of Th:ee Acres to act. Com. mi n Right Meffuage in Gaywcad.

Allo’ment of the Refidue in Garwood.

Allotment of Lands in M ntlvn.

t unao.H ■

.	  Wi

of the Highv^y^ for the Itraoi being of aed wkhin the. faid Pirifti of Gayuoed, of>the major Baft of them, (hall order, direft, and appoint, and not otherwife.

^8-dEohGfi

XX.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiflioners fhall aflign, fet out, and allot unto the fcveral Owners of Mefluages or Cottages in the laid Parilh of Gayuood, having in refpeft thereof Righc of Common upon the Commons and Wafte Grounds in chat Parilh or any Part thereof, fuch Part or Portion, Parts or Portions of the Lands hereby d rafted to be divided and allotted, lying-within the Parifti of Gaywaod aforefaid, as the laid Commiflioners lliall adjudge to be equal in Value per Annum to the annual average Value of Three Acres of the laid Commons and Wafte G ound«, for each and every fuch Meffuage or Cottage, over and above the Allotment or Allotments to which the Owner or Owners of each fuch Meffuage or Cottage refpeftivdy may, in refpeft or in Right thereof, and of the Lands thereto refpeftively belonging or appurtenant, be or become entitled to have in the Divifion.and Allotment of the Refidue of the faid Commons and Wafte Lands* under the Direftions next hercin-aiter contained.	.* n skv-v % o,sl rrl- ?• - .	%	n=.i-. t,

!.ee jtie	9w. 1	: > V& yem bos ,r*Ariti3ull4 twto*4

XXL And be it further enafted. That the faid CcmmilEoners (hall then aflign, fet out, and allot all the Refidue and Remainder of the laid Warrens or reputed Warrens, Severals, Commons, and Wafte Grounds lying within the faid Pari(h oi.Gaywtod, other than ar.d except the faid Lands or Trafts called Riffley, unto and among the feveral Owners and Proprietors thereof, and onto and among the feveral other Perfons, and Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, having any Right or Intereft m, to, upon or over the fame Warrens or reputed Warrens, Severals, Commons, and Wafte Grounds refpeftivdy, except as aforefaid, or any Part thereof, in fuch Shares and Proportions as the Lid Commil-fionets (hall adjudge and determine to be proportionate to the Value of and a full Compenfation and Satisfaftion to fuch Owners and Proprietors and Body or Bodies refpeftively, for his, her, and their refpeftive Parts and Shares of luch Warrens or reputed Warrens, Severals, Commons, and Wafte Grounds, and for his, her, and their refpeftive Rights and Interefts in, to, upon, and over the fame refpeftively.

XXII. Ar.d, with regard to the Warrens or reputed Warrens, Heaths, Commons, and Wafte Grounds within the faid Parilh of Mintlyn, be it further enafted, That the faid Commiflioners (hall, after having fee out and appointed, according to the Direftions of the faid recited Aft, fuch publick Carriage Roads and Highways upon, through, and over me faid Warrens or reputed Warrens, Heaths, Commons, and Wafte Grounds, as they lliall judge neceffary to be or remain publick Carriage Roads and Highways, aflign, fet out, and allot all the Refidue and Remainder of the faid Warrens or reputed Warrens, Heaths, Commons, and Wafte Grounds within the faid Parifh of Mintlyn, unto the Lord for the Time being of the herein-btfore mentioned Manor or reputed Manor of Have-lejfe in Mintlyn, for or in refpeft of fuch Righc or Intereft as he (hall ap. pear to have in or to the Soil of the faid Warrens or reputed Warrens* Heaths, Commons, and Wafte Grounds, or any Part thereof, and unto the Owner or Proprietor, or feveral Owners or Proprietors, as the Cafe may be, of the lame Warrens or reputed Warrens, Heaths, Commons,

48* GEORGII III. Cap.%5.	$17

and Wide Grounds, and the fevera! other Perrons, and Body or B iditfs Polititk, Corporate or Collegiate, having any Right of Common, Sheep-walk, or Foldcourfe, or any other fuch Right or Intereft ins to, upon, or over the fame refpeftively, or any Part thereof, in fu< h Shares and Proportions as the faid CommilTioners (hall adjudge and determine to be proportionate to the Value of and a full Compenfation or Saii faction to isjc.ii Lord, Owner, and Proprietor, Owners and Proprietors, and Body and Bodies refpeftively, tor his, her, and their refpedivc Parcs and Shares of fuch Warrens or reputed Warrens, Heaths, Commons, and Wafte Grounds, and for his, her, and their relpeftive Rights and Interefts in, to, upon, and over the fame refpeftively.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted. That when and as foon as the Lid Scheme of Commiflioners (hall have afeertained the refpeftive Rights and Interefts of be marked the rrfpeftive Proprietors in the Lands and Grounds to be divided and upon a Plan allotted by viitue of this Act, and alfo the refpedtive Shares and Propor- Jhe ProSne?* tions by them the faid Commiflioners propoftd to be allotted to fuch Pro- tors, prieto s refpeftively, for or in refped of fuch Rights and Interefts, they

the faid Commiflioners (hall give Notice of lome convenient Time and Place when and where the faid Proprietoi s may be informed of fuch pro* pofed Allotments, and may fee the Scheme thereof fet out and delineated upon a Map or Plan thereof to be produced to fuch Proprietors for their lafpeftion; and as feme of thole Proprietors may, upon Infpection of fuch Map, be difiatisfied with the propoled Allotments, the laid Com-miflijners (hall, at fuch Time and Place as laft aforefaid, or at fome other Time and Place to be appointed for that Purpofe, receive Statements in Writing of the Objections againft fuch propofed Allotments, and (hall forthwith, or as loon after as conveniently may be, determine the fame, and their Determination (hall be final and concluflve.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if any Perfon Common or Pcrfons hath or have lold, or contracted or agreed to fell, or lhall, at Aifotment'to any Time within Three Calendar Months before the Execution of the ben'.adeto Award of the faid Commiflioners, ftll or contrail, or agree to fell his, thi: ?“‘ckaier. her, or their Right, Intereft, and Property in the faid Lands or Grounds

hereby directed to be divided and a'lotted, or any Part thereof, to any other Perfon or Pcrfons, and (hall, within Two Calender Months before the Execution of fuch Award, depofit with the faid Commiflioners or their Cleik a written Agreement or Contract dating fuch Sale, and figned by the refpedtivc Parties to fuch Agreement or Contract, or a Copy thereof, then and in every fuch Cafe it lhall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to make an Allotment of Land unto the Vendee or Purchafer mentioned in fuch re-fpc&ive Sale, Central, or Agreement, or to his or her Heirs or Afligns, for and in refpef.t of fuch Right, Intereft, and Property fo fold, or con-ttacied or agreed to be fold, as aforefaid ; and every fuch Vendee or Purchaler, or his or her Heirs or Afligns, (hall and may. Irons and after the Execution of the faid Award, hold and enjoy the Land fo to be allotted to him, her, or them as aforefaid, in the fame Manner to all Intents and Purpofes as the Vender in every fuch Sale, Contrafl, or Agfcement, might, could, or ought to have held and enjoyea the fame, in ode fuch Sale, Contract, or Agreement had not been made, or fuen Righf. Intereft, or Property were or had been veiled in fuch Vender at

. ILoc. />«-.]	6P	it.c

For extm-guidon* or (ufiiending Rights of Common before the Award-



No Turf or Flag' to be cut after the patting of this Ait, without Leave of the Commiflion-era.

4»° GtOKGII HI. V3jfi§£

the Time of making fuch Allotment as aforefaid : Provided fuMftrV,' that' every fuch written Agreement or Contrail, if relating to aAy Right, Jntereft, or Property appurtenant to or claimed in reaped of any Mvifuagr, Cottage, or Land holden by Copy of Court Roll of any Manor, fha|l, to give it complete Effect as aforefaid, be firft inrotled or entered in the Court Books, or on the Rolls of fuch Manor; and when fo inrollrd or entered, or delivered to the Steward for InroJIment or Entry, fhall have the Effect of a Surrender to the Ufe of fuch Vendee or Purchafer, and his or her Heirs and Affigns, according to the Cuftutn cf the Manor; but nothing herein contained (hall extend to piejudjce, defeat, or diminifh the Right of the Lord of the Manor to fuch Fines and cuftumarv Payment as may be due or payable to him upon the Change of the Tenant.

XXV.	And be it further enabled. That it (hill be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby authorized, at any Time before the Execution of their Award, by Writing under their Hands to be affixed upon the principal outer Door of the Church of Gaywood aforefaid, to order and dirtit all or any Rights of SheepwaHc or FoldcouTe, and of Shackage or Common in, over, and upon the faid Open Field, Half Year or Shack Lands, Warrens, Heaths, Commons, and Walle Grounds, or any Part thereof, to be extinguilhed wholly or in Part, or the Exercife thereof to be fufpended wholly or in Part, for and during fetch Time as fhall be exprtffcd m fuch Writing; and that all fuch Rights as thef«ld Commiffioners (hall by luch Writing order and direft to be fo liktinguilhed, or the Exercife thereof to be fo fufpended as aforefaid, (haft, from the Time of affixing fuch Writing on the faid Church Door,'Ceafe, determine, and be extinguifhed, or the Exercife thereof be fufpended accordingly ; any Law, Ufage, or Cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall not be lawful for any Perfon whomfnever, from and after the palling of this Act, to cut, dig, pare, grave, flay, or carry away any Turf, Flags, or Whins in, rtpon, or from the faid Warrens, Heaths, Severals, Commons, and Wafte Grounds, or any Part thereof, without the Licence of the faid Commiffioners firft had and obtained in Writing for that Purpofe (which Licence the laid Commifitoners are hereby empowered to grant, fo far as regards the Warrens, Heaths, Commons, and Wafte Grounds lying in Gaywood aforefaid, buc not thofe in Minllyn, under fuch Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Rdtriitions as they fhall think proper to inferc in afiy Inch Licence); and if any Perfon fhall, after the paffing of this Ait, cut, dig, pare, grave, flay, or carry away any Turf, Flags, or Whins, in, upon, or from the faid Warrens, Heaths, Severals, Commons, and Wafte Grounds, or any Part thereof, without or contrary to fuch Licence as aforefaid, the faid Commiffioners, or any Juftice of thfc Peace for the faid County of Norfolkr, upon due Proof thereof miidc before them or him refpeitively upon Oath (which Oath any One of the faid Commiffioners or any fuch Juftice is hereby empowered to adminifter), lhall and they or he are or is hereby required, by Warrant under Hand and Seal direited to any Perfon or Perfons whomfotver, to caule® any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds to be levied by Diftrefsl ind Sate of the Goods and Chattels of any Perfon offending in the Prcrmfes, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Perfon whbfe;Goods and Chattels fhall have been fo diftrained and fold, after deducting the Colts

6	and

48° GEORGII III. Cap.35..

tnd Charges attending fuch Diftrefs and Sale; and the Money fo to -be levied a*Caforefaid fhall be applied towards defraying the Cpfts and Charges of obtaining and executing this Aft.

XXVn. And be it further enabled, That from and after the palling of this Aft, until the Execution of the Award of the faid Commiflioners. no Part of the Meadow or Pafture Lands (if any) hereby directed to be divided and allotted fhall be plowed up or converted into Tillage, with-out the Confent of the faid Commiflioners firft had and obtained in Writing for that Purpofe; and that all the Open Field and Arable Lands hereby direfted to be divided and allotted, (hall during that Time be fubjedt and liable to fuch Directions and Regulations as the faid Com* miflioners (hall from Time to Time by Writing under their Hands pre-fcribe and appoint, as well with regard to the flocking as to the plowing, folding, tilling, fowing, and laying down the fame; and that it (ball be lawful for the faid Commiflioners to order and diredt fuch Sum and Sums of Money in refpeCt thereof to be paid by any Petfon interefted in the faid Open Field or Arable Lands refpedtively, or any Part thereof, or by his or her Tenant, to any other Pcrfon in like Manner interefted therein, or to his or her Tenant, as they the faid Commiflioners fhall think reafon-able; and in cafe any Pcrfon, who fhall be directed to pay any Sum or Sums of Money on any of the Accounts aforefaid, fhall ncgleCt or refufe to pay the lame on Demand, then and in foch Cafe it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to raife and levy the fame for the Ufe and Benefit of the Pcrfon or Perfons entitled thereto, by fuch Ways and Means as any of the Cofts, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this ACt, or any Part thereof, can or may be raifed and levied,

XXVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That convenient Gaps and Openings fhall be left in the Fences and Inclofures to be made in purfuance of this ACt, for the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the Execution of the faid Award, for the PafT.tge of Cattle, Carts, and Carriages into and through the fame, unlefs the feveral Parties intereltcd therein fhall agree that the fame may be fooner flopped up and inclofed.

XXIX.	Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That no Sheep or

Lambs fhall be kept in any of the Allotments to be made by virtue of this ACt (whereon any new Fence fhall be raifed) during the Space of Seven Years next after the Execution of the faid Award, unlefs the Pcrfon keeping the fame fhall firft, at his, her, or their own Expence, make and maintain a fufficient Fence to guard and protect the young Fences belonging to fuch Allotments refpeCtively, from being hurt or damaged by fuch, Sheep or Lambs (whether fuch young Fences be made or fet by the Owner or Occupier of fuch Allotments as aforefaid, or by the Owner or Occupier of the Allotment or Allotments adjoining thereto); and in cafe any Pcrfon fhall turn in or keep any Sheep or Lambs in any fuch Allotment or Allotments, without raifing and keeping up fuel} Fences as afore-laid* it fhall be lawful for the Owner or Owners of any adjoining Allotment or Allotments, to enter into fuch Allotment or Allotments, when, where, and fo often as fuch Sheep or Lambs (hall be fo turned in or kept, and fyom Time to lime to take, drive away, and impound the fame, as Damage feafant.	..

5*9

Commit!; oner. to direct the Courfe of Huibaudry.

For leaving Gap;.

No Sheep to be kept in the new Inclofures for Seven Years.

XXX. And

320

Satisfaction for unequal fencing.

Allotment* to be of the fame Tenure as the L inds for * hi til they are at. lotted.

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 2$.

XXX.	And be it further enafted, Thar if, from the Nature or Nect-fTi j ot Situation, or from any other Circumftance, it (hall happen that One or more of the faid Proprietors lhall not have a fair or proportionate Share of Boundary or other Fencing allotted to him, her, or them, on the faid inrended Inclofure, it lhall be lawful for the laid Comm:fli mers, where they lhall judge it nrceflary and reafonable, to award, ascertain* order, and appoint a Sum or Sums of Money to be paid or contributed bv fuch Proprietor or Proprietors refpeftively towards making the faid Fences of the Allotments of fuch other of the Proprietor or Proprietors who lhall or may have a greater Proportion of the Fencing allotted to him, her, or them, by virtue of this Ad ; the fame Sum to be fettled by the faid Commifiioncrs in fuch Manner as they (hall think proper; and the Money fo ordered, direfted, and appointed to be paid, lhall tie railed, levied, and recovered in fuch and the fame Manner as the Fxpences of this Ad (not payable out of any Monty raiftd by Sale of Land) are herein ordered and direded to be levied and recovered.

XXXI.	And be it further enaded, That all the Lands and Grounds which lhall be allotted by virtue of the laid recited Aft or of this Aft refpeftively, to any Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, for or in lieu or in refpeft of any Mefluages, Cottages, or Lands holden by Copy of Court Roll of any Manor or Manors, or for or in lieu or in refpeft of any Leafehold Mefluages, Lands, or Tenements, or for or in refpeft of any Right of Shackage or Sheepwalk or Foldcourfe, or of Common or other Right or Interclt appurtenant or appendant to any fuch Copyhold or Leafehold Premif.s, lhall, from and for ever after the Execution of the faid Award, be deemed and taken to be Copyhold oi Leafehold refpeftively, and lhall be held as fuch by and under the fame Tenure, Rents, Payments, Fines, Culloms, arid Services as the Copyhold or Leafehold Mefluages, Cottages, or Lands refpec-tively, for or in lieu or in refpeft whereof fuch Allotments lhall be made, arc now holden; and that all and every Perfon or Perfons to whom any fuch Copyhold Lands or Grounds lhall be allotted as aforefaid, lhall, within Six Calendar Months next after the Execution of the faid Award, be admitted Tenant or Tenants to the fame without paying any Fine or other Charge to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, or to the Steward or Stewards of the faid Manor or Manors refpeftively (fave and except for the Stamp Duties and Parchment requiftte to be ufed for the Copies of fuch Adnnflions refpeftively, and fuch reafonable Fees to the refptftive Stewards of the faid Manors as the faid CommilBoncrs (hall by their faid Award older and direft); but in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to whom luch Lands or Grounds lhall be allotted lhall die or alienate by Sale without Admifiion within the Lid Six Calendar Months, or claim as a Vendee or Purchafer under an Agreement or Contraft as herein-before provided, then the Cuftomary Fines, Fees, and other Payments lhall be due and payable on the Admiflion or Admilfions of the Perfon or Perfons then entitled to fuch Lands and Prtmifes; and after every fuch firft AdmiUion, the Copyhold Lands and Premifes which fhall have been fo allotted as aforefaid lhall at all Times be holden under and fubjeft to the fame Tenure, Fines, and ether Payments as the preftht Copyhold Mefluages, Cottages, or Lands, in relpeft whereof fuch Lands or Grounds fo allotted, are now refpeftively holden under and are fubjeft to; and the faid Commit •Goners are hereby required to determine and to deferibe and abut in and

'	by

521

48° G E O R G11 III. Cap. 35.

by their faid Awferd* and in ami'by the Map or Plan to bt thereto annexe#* all the Lands and Grounds fo alloued which are to be and /ma n Copy-hold or Leafehold, and all other Lands and Grounds' to be allotted by virtue of the Lid recited Aft or this Aft (except what (ball He fo afcer* tained by the laid Commiffioners in their faid Award to be Copyhold of Leafehold) Ihall fiom thenceforth be deemed, taken, and enjoyed as Freehold Lands and Grounds refpeclively, fubjeft neverrhelefs to- fuck Free Rent) and Services or other referved Rents as are now payable out of the refpeftive Preniifes, for or in refpeft whereof the lame Lands and GiOunds relpedtivciy fhaU or may have been fo allotted.

XXXII.	And be it further enafted, That all Leafes and other Agreements at Rack or extended Rent which are now fubfiitLg or relate to all or any P-rt of the Meffoages, Buildings, Land', Tenements, or Hereditaments within the faid refpeftive Parifhrs of Gaywood and Minflyn, or either of them, cither alone or together with any other McfTuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in any adjoining Pa.ifh or Panfbes, fhall, fo far only as fuch Leafes cr Agre< meats relate to or afleft any of the Lands or Grounds to be divided, allotted, or cxchmged under this or the laid recited Aft refpeftively, c afe, determine, and be void immea diately after the Execution of the faid Award, or within fuch further Time as the faid Comtniffioneis fhall appoint; atid the refpeftive Tenants or Leffees of the fame Premifes fhall receive from the refpeftive Owner9 and Proprietors thereof fuch Sums of Money as the faid Conn-iifiioners fhall alceruin as reafonable to be paid to fuch Tenanc or Tenants as an Equivalent for the fame; and if the Money fo to be afcertaitied as aford-faid fhall not be paid to the Perfon or Perfons entitled to receive the fame within Ten Days after Demand made thereof, it fhall be lawful for the faid Co- imiffioners. and they are hereby required ro raile and levy the fame tor the Ule and Benefit of the Perfon or Perfons entitled thereto, by fuch Ways sod Means as any of the Coils, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Aft or any Part thereof, can or maybe raifed or levied : Provided always, that if there fhall be any Leale of Lands, Partef which Ihall lie in either of the faid refp. ftive Parifhes of Gaywood and Mintlyn, and Part in any adjoining Parilh, all and every fuch Le ,fe and Leafes upon Rack Rent now fubfifling may be vacared ; but where any Land fhall have been taken in Exchange, which Land fhall be under Leale and wholly ficuate in an adjoining Parifh, the Leale of luch laft mentioned Land fhall not be vacated.

XXXIII.	Frov;ded always, and be it further enafted, That nothin^ herein contained fhall vacate, annul, or determine, or be conllrned to vacate, annul, or determine :the prefent. fubfrfting Indenture of Le f-bearing.Da'e the Fourth Day of December in the Year One th miand eight hundred and four, made between the R erend -the Dean ai d Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Norwich (.,4 L-fL.s) f- the On- Part, and DanM Lack of Gaywood hforelaid. Gentleman-, (as L fie-) of -he other Part, of:h certain Foldcourfe and Lands therewith ‘demised in Gcnvocod aforefaidi but that the faid Indenture of Leaf- fha'i be, remtin, and continue in full Force, and the faid Daniel Lack his E*et utiVs, Admi-mftratorvaodAffigns, Ihall hold and enjoy the Lands and Grounds which fhall.by ' irtue of this Aft be allotted to the faid Dean arid Chapter, or to the faid Daniel Lack as their LefTte, for or in lieu or in refpeft of any

\Loc. & Per.2	6 ^	Lands

Le3fes and other Agree* meats to be void, on n aking Tenants Satisfaction*

Saving Lr»re ot ihe Dtan a id c_h:»p tr f Norwich fo Daniel Lack.

522

Wj It and

Settlements not to be affected.

Diftinct Allotments to be made for Lands bolder, for diffet ent Efla.es, Ac.

48° GEORG 11 IH. Cap. 35.

Lands comprized in ihe faid Indenture of Leafe, or as a Compensation or in Sotisiaflion for any fuch Rights or Intercfts comprized in the laid Leafe as are intended to be extinguifhed by this Aft for the lame T erm of Years, under the fame Rents, and in the fame Manner as he or they might or could have held and enjoyed the Lands, Rights, and Interefts relpeftively comprized in the faid Indenture of Leafe in cafe this Aft had not been made.

XXIV. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That nothing in this Aft contained fhall txtend or be cor.tlrucd to extend to revoke, make void, alter, or annul any Will, whether only ambulatory, or m aftual Operation, by the Death of the Teftator or Devi for, or any Deed or Settlement, or to prejudice any Perfon or Perfons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Debt, or Incumbrance out of, upon, or affefting any of the Lands or Grounds to be divided, allotted, or exchanged by virtue of the faid recited Aft or of this Aft, or any Parc thereof refpeftiveiy (except by a Leafe or by Leaf** at Rack Rent); but that each and every Proprietor fhall fland and be leifed cf the iever.il Ltnds and Grounds to be allotted and given in Exchange to him or her by vi tue of this Aft and the laid tecitcd Aft, to fuch and the lame Ufes, and f tr fuch and the fame Ellates, and fuojeft to fuch and the fame Wiils, Jointure', Rents, Charges, and Incumbrances, and no other, as the fe.veral Mefluages, Buildings, and Lands whereof fuen Proprietor was leiled or pofiefled at or immediately before the Execution of the Awa d to be made by the faid Commiilioners, or tor which, or in relp ft wheteof fuch Allotments or Exchanges fhall be made, would have been fubj; ft to, charged with, or affedted by, in cafe this Aft had not been made.

XXXV. And be it further enafted, That in cafe the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Mefiuages, Lands, or oth; - Hered; am. nts hereby or by the faid recited Aft authorized to be divided, allotted, or exchanged, fhall hold his, her, or their rtfpeftive M ffuages. Lands, or Hererlua-ments by different Tenures, or for different Ellates, or under different Tales, the faid Commiffioncrs fhall, upon the Requefl of fuch Proprietor or Piop ierors in Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, afe -tain and diltinguifh the Mcffuages, Lands, or other Hereditaments h; id b each of fuch Tenures, for each of fuch Eflates, and under each of fuch 1'iiles refpeftiveiy, and fhall accordingly in their laid Award f-t out difttnft and feparate Allotments for fuch reipcftive Mefluages, Land', or other Hereditaments; and where, from the Want of the nectffiry It for. mation before the faid Commifliuners, or from any other Caule, they ihail have omitted in their Award to afeertain and diltinguifh as hcrein-betore is required, fuch different Tenures, different Eftates, and different Titles, and after the making of the faid Award, Requeft fhall be made to the Lid Commiffioners by any Pctfon or Perfons interefted, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, to have fuch Omiffi >n lupplied by a leparate Ittflrumenr, then and in every fuch Cafe the faid C mtuilli rners are hereby authorized to do every Thing neceffiry for fupplying loch Omiffi n, and fo far as that Purpofe (hall requite, to examine Wttnefles, and in every other Refpeft to proceed and aft as if their Award had not been matte; and when they fhall have obtained what titty fliall think fufficient Informa. tion, they are hereby alfo authorized by Deed or fnilrument in Writing under their Hands and Seals, by Way or in the Nature of a Supplemental

Award,

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

Award, to ascertain and diftinguilh the Difference of Tenures Effaces, and Titles retpeftively, and accordingly to make diftinft and fevtral Allot-merits in the fame Manner as is hereby required for making the Diftinc-lion or D.fcnminati >n in the original Award; and a Copy, figned and atteffed by the Did Commiffioners, of every fuch Deed or Inftrumenc (hall be depofited with ihe Clerk of the Peace for the Time being for the faid County of Norfolk, wiih the Copy of the original Award; and every fuch fepa^ate Deed or Inftrumenc lhall, from and immediately after the Execution thereof by the faid Commiffioners, have the fame Effect to ail Intents and Purpofes as if the Contents thereof had been infated in their original Award; and the fame Deed or Inftrumenc (hall, when executed, be delivered to the Perfon or Perfons at whofe Requeft any fuch Omifiion lhall have been fupplied, or to the Perfon or Perlbns to whom the Cuftody of the Deeds and Writing concerning the Title to the Premifes in Quettion (hall, in the Opinion of the (aid Commiffioners, moll properly belong; and all the Expences which (hall have been reaforialdy incurred in or about fuch feparace Deed or Inftrument and Copy refpeftivtly, ihall be payable and paid by the Perfon or Perlons who (hall have fo requefted the laid Commiffioners to fupply fuch Omiffion as aforefaid, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, or Adtniniftrators ; and the laid Deed or Inftrument and Copy, or any Copy thereof attefted by the faid Commiffioners, or by the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, (hall be Evidence in all C urts whatever, in the fame Manner as hereby provided with refpeft to tnc original Award and Copies thereof rcfpeCtivety.

XXXVI.	And be it further enadled, That the faid Comm (ILners (hall and may fcour out, deepen, and widen, or enufe to be Icoured out, deepened, and widened rcfpefliveiy, all or any and luch of the ancient ur prefent Rivulets, Brooks Stream , Ditches Drains, and Watercourfes, Tunnels, and Bridges within the laid Parilhes of Gaywocd and Mintlyn, or either of them, as they lhall think proper; and alfo let out, appoint, and make fuch new Ditches, Drains, Watercourfes, Tunnels, Gates, Banks, and Biidges, as well ihrough and over the laid Warrens, Heaths, Several, Commons, and Wafte Grounds, as in, over, and through any ancient Inclofures within the faid relpedlive Pariffies or either of them (making luch Sarisfa&ion to the Proprietors of fuch ancient Inclofures for the Damage done thereby as they lhall think reafonable), and of luch Depth and Width and in fuih Directions as they the faid Commiffioners (hall alfo think proper; and tne faid Commiffioners lhall and may and they are hereby authorized and required, in and by their Award, to order and dired by whom and at whofe Expence, and at what Time and in what Manner any fuch new Ditches, Drains, Watercourfes, Tunnels, Gates, Banks, and Bridges rtfpedively (hall be made and afterwards deanfed, Icoured, repaired, and maintai: ed : Provided always, that no Brook or Stream of Water (hall be diverted or turned without the Con-lent of 1 he Owner or Proprietor, Owners or Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds Lorn whi.h any fucii Brock or Stream (hall be diverted, and into which any fuch Brook or Stream (hall be turned : Provided alfo, that it (hail not be lawful for the Did Commiflloners to diverr, turn, or vary tne Courfe of that Part of Gaywood River which lies between a Place or Bridge in Gaywood aforefaid called Double Bridge, and the Town of King's Lynn in the faid County, nor to divert, turn, or alter the faid Rivci in any Part of it, fo as to impede or obftruft the regular and full Plow of

Water

Power*

Comn to m Drain &c«

5*+

Direction* refpecting the Sale of Lands fet apart for Sale towards defraying; certain Expences.

48’ GEORGII III. Cap.25*

Water to the Publick Works eftablilhed at and near the Town of King'* Lynn aftvelaid, for the Purpofe of lupplying the Inhabitants of that Town with ficlh Water.

XXXVII.	And be it further enabled, That the laid Commiflioneis (hall with all convenient Speed, after the palling of this Ad, appoint a Time and Place for Sale of the Land which (hall have been by them appropriated and fet out for Sale as herein-before direded, of which Time and Place Six Weeks previous Notice (hall be inferred in the Norfolk Cbron cle and Norwich Mercury, or One of them, or in fome other Newspaper pubiilhed or circulated in the faid County of Norfolk; and fuch L.<nd, cither together or in feparate Lots or Parcels, (hall be offered to Sale before the laid Commiffioners at the Time and Place appointed fo. that Purpofe; and the Perfon or Perfons who (hall then and there offer the larged Sum of Money for fuch Land, or any Lot or Parcel 'hereof, lhall be the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof, he, die, or they immediately paying (by Way of Depofit), One-fifih P rc of hr, her, or their Pu -chale Money, and paying the Refidue of fuch Purchaie Money wi n n Two Calendar Months afterwards, or at fuch other Time as the lain Cou;-miflioners (hall appoint, unto them the faid Commillioners or One of them, whofe Receipt (hall fuflkiently difeharge fuch Purclialcr or Purchafers from any Concern in or Nectflitv of feeing to the Application thereof; and the faid Commillioners Iball thereupon, at the Cuds and Charges of fuch Purchafer of relpedive Purchafers, convey the faid Land fo fold as afortfaid to him, her, or them refpedively, and his, hri, or their refpedive Heirs, Appointees, or Artigns by Indenture of Granr, er of Bargain and Sale, or by fome other Indrumtnt in Writing to be figned, fealed, and delivered by them the faid Commiffioners for that Purpofe; and fuch Purchafer or Purchafers (hall, from and immediately artrr the full Payment of his, her, or their Purchafe Money, and the Fxecuiiun of fuch Indenture of Grant, or of Bargain and Sale, or of futh other Indrument in Writing, be abfolutely feifed of or entitled to the Land fo by him, her, or them, purchafed as Freehold Land in Fee Simple, fiecd and dikharged from all Charges and Incumbrances whatfoever; and the faid Commiffioners (hall, by their faid Award, affign and allot the lame Land accordingly; but in cafe fuch Purchafer or Purchafers lhall rclule or negled to pay the Refidue of his, her, or their I urchafe Money within the Time herein for that Purpofe appointed, then the Money fo 10 be depofited as aforefaid (hall be forfeited as (fated, or liquidated Damages, and be applied in Manner and for fuch Purpofcs as the whole Purchafe Money is hereby made applicable ; and the Land for the Purchafe wheieof fuch Money had been fo depofited (hall again be put up to Sale in Manner aforefaid, and (o totics quoties until the fame (hall be fold and conveyed, and the whole Purchafe Money for the fame fully paid to the a;d Commiffioners or One of them, in Manner and for the Purpofes herein mentioned : Provided always, that the faid Comtntflioners lhall and they are hereby required to make fuch reafonable Compenfation to the Lord of the faid Manor of Gaywocd, either by Increale of his Allotment furor in refped of his Right of Soil, or by Dedudion from his Proportion of Expence in the Execution of this Ad, or otherwile, as the faid Commiffioners (hall judge expedient, for or on Account of his Lois in the Fruits of Tenure, on Account of the Land fo fold, being all fold and conveyed as Freehold, great Part of which, if left to Divifion and Allotment among the Owners 5	or

525

4^5° GEORGII III.	Cap.$5.

or Proprietors thereof refpeftively under the other Provisions contained in this Aft, would be of Copyhold Tenure, and liable to Fines, Suits, anti Services accordingly: Provided alfo, that the Purchaler or Purchalers of the Land fo to be fold and conveyed as aforefaid, lhall be fuhjeft and liable to the Performance of all Orders, Regulations, and Directions which fhall be made and given by the laid Commiflioners for incloling, fencing, and draining fuch Land, and for maintaining the Fences and Drains belonging thereto in good and fufficient Repair; and luch Pur-chafer or Purchasers refpeftively, and his, her, or their Heirs or Afligns, lhall be enticied to the fame Rights and Benefits in refpeft to the laid Land fo to be fold and conveyed as aforefaid, as the feveral other Per-fons, to whom any Allotment or Allotments lhall be made by virtue of this Aft, are, lhall, or may be entitled to have or enjoy in refpeft: thereof.

XXXVIIL And be it further enafted, That the Money which lhall he paid for the Difcharge and Exoneration of the faid Lands and Trafts called Riffley, otherwife Riffley Wood, Riffley Common, anJ Riffley Fen, from Common and ether Rights as aforefaid, and the Money which (hall arife by Sale of the Land hereby direfted to be fold as aforefaid, if any (hall be railed by fuch Sale as aforefaid, lhall, after Payment of the Expences of the Sale, be appropriated and applied by the faid Commiifioners in or towards the Payment and Difcharge of the Cofts and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and palfing this Aft, and of inclofing the Land which lhall by virtue of this Aft be allotted to the laid Truftees for the Poor of the faid Parilh of Gaywood, and to the Surveyors of the Highways in the faid Parifli of Gaywood, and bf the Cofts and Expences of furveying, meafuring, planning, valuing, dividing, and allotting fuch of the Commons and Wafte Grounds hereby direfted to be divided and allotted, as lie in Gaywood aforefaid, and of preparing and ingrofling the faid Award and the Copies thereof, and of the Charges and Expences which the faid Commiifioners lhall or may be put unto in refpeft of any Appeal or Appeals againft any of their Determinations, or of any Suit or Suits at Law or in Equity which may be inftituted againft them as Commiflioners in the E xecution of this Aft, and of the Charges and Expences of the faid Commiflioners, their Cierks, Afliftants, and Servants, and of all other neerflary Expences of the feveral Perfons to be employed by the faid Commiflioners in and about the Premifes, and of all the Expences of forming, completing, and repairing fuch new publick Carriage Roads and Highways as (hall be fet out and appointed by the faid Commiflioners within the faid Parifli of Gaywood, and of all other E;c-pences of carrying the faid recited Aft and this Aft into Execution, fo far only as the faid Commiifioners lhall fix and afeertain, to be the Part or Proportion of Expence which ought to be borne and paid by thofe re-fpeftive Owners or Proprietors who lhall receive any Allotment under this Aft, for or in refpeft of any Right or Intereft in, upon, or over the Commons and Wafte Grounds in Gaywood aforefaid, or in, upon, or over any Part or Parts of the fame refpeftively; and if there (hall remain any Surplus of the Money to be produced by fuch Difcharge and Exoneration and Sale, cr either of them (after Payment and Satisfaftion of that Part or Proportion of the faid Cofts, Charges, and Expences to which .fuch Money is hereby made applicable as aforefaid), then fuch Surplus Money lhall be paid by the faid Commiflioners unto fuch of the Owners [Loc. F/r.]	6	R	or

ThePurchafer of Land to fence ihe lame.

P'.irch?fe M mey to

he applnd towards certain Expences*

Directions

for the Application of Surplus (if

526	48®GEORGII III. Cap.35.

or Proprietors laftly mentioned or referred to as lhall be feifed thereof in Fee Simple, and in fuch Shares and Proportions as the faid CommifiLners fball appoint, or otherwife foch Surplus Money (ball be paid into the Bank of England, according to the Directions of the faid recited Aft, whenever any Money is to be paid lor the Purrhafe or Exchange cf Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or ot any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out in the Perchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be fettled to the lame Ufes.

Direction* XXXIX. And be it further enafted. That all the Colls, Charges, and the Essence* ^xPences °f inclofing the Land which lhall by virtue of tins Aft be of the Act.^ allotted to the Reftor of Gaywood aforefaid in refpeft of hts Reftory, to the Vicar of South Wootton afortfaid in refpeft of his Vicarage, to the laid Truflees for the Poor of the faid Parilh of Gaywood, and to the Surveyors of the Highways within that Parilh, and all the Cods, Charges, and Ex-pences incident to and attending the obtainirg and palling of this Aft* and of furveying, meafuring, planning, valuing, dividing, and allotting the Lands and Grounds to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Aft, and cf preparing the laid Award and the Copies thereof, and all the Charges and Expenccs which the faid Commiffioners lhall 01 mav be put unto in refpeft of any Appeal or Appeals againft any of their Determinations, or of any Suit or Suits at Law or in Equity which may be iufti-tuted againft them as Commiflioners in the Execution ot this Aft, and all the Charges and Expenees of the faid Commiflioners, their Cltiks, Affiftants, and Servants, and all other necefliry Expenccs of the fevcral Perfons to be employed by the faid Commiflioners in end about the Pre-mifes, either before or after the Execution of the faid Award, and all the Expenccs of forming, completing, and repairing luch new publick Carriage Roads and H'gliways as lhall be let out and appointed by the faid G mmiflioners within the refpeftive Parifhes of Gaywood and Mintlyn aforefaid, and all other Expenccs of carrying the faid rccued Aft and this Aft refpeftively into Execution, fo far as the Money to arife by fuch Dif-charge and Exoneration and Sale, or either of them, (hall not be applicable to defray the lame, or if applicable lhall be infufiicient, lhall be borne, defrayed, and paid by the leveral Perfons and Eody or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments (hall be made by virtue of this Aft (fave and except the Purchafer and Purchafers of the Land hereby direfted to be fold and conveyed as aforefaid, and fave and except the Reftor for the Time being of Gaywood aforefaid, for or in refpeft of any Allotment which lhall be made to him in refpeft of his Reftory, and fave and except the Vicar for the Time being of South fVooiton aforefaid for or in refpeft of any Allotment which (hali be made to him in refpeft of his Vicarage; and alfo fave and except the faid Tiuftees for the Poor, and Surveyors of the Highways for the Time being within the laid Parilh of Gaywood, for or in refpeft of the Allotments hereby direfted to be made to them refpeftively as afortfaid), in fuch Shares and Proportions at luch Time cr Times, and unto luch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Commiflioners (hall by their Award afccr-tain, fettle, order, and diieft, or as they (hall either before or after the Execution of fuch their Award, order and dirt ft by Notice in Writing to be affixed on the principal outer Door of the laid Barilh Church ot Gaywood, or publifhed in the Norfolk Chronicle or Norwich Mercury, ot 9	fome

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 35.	527

fome other Newfpaper publilhed or circulated in the faid County, fuch Notice to be affixed or publiffied Ten Days at lead before the Time appointed for Payment; provided that the faid Commiffioners (bail not be hereby empowerrd to make or form any Eftimatc of fuch Cofts,

Charges, and Expences, and to raife the Amount of any fuch Eftimat# or Eltimates before the Allotments (ball nave been flaked out and confirmed by them the faid Commiffioners: And in cafe any of the Pcrfons aforefaid (hall rcfufe or negleft to pay his or their Share or Shares of fuch Cofts, Charges, and Expences, cr any Part thereof, within the Time or at the refpeftive Time or Times fo to be limited as aforefaid, unto the faid Commiffioners, or unto the Perfon or Perfons whom they (hall app< int to receive the fame refpeftively, then the lame (ball be levied and recovered in the Manner directed by the faid recited Aft: Provided always,	to

that the faid Commiffioners fhall compute and afcertain the Part or Pro- mt'5n’ portion of the Cofts, Charges, and Expences of preparing and palling this Aft, and of carrying the fame and the aforefaid recued Aft into Execution, fo far as relates to the faid Parilh of Mintlyn, and that fuch Part or Proportion fhall be borne or defrayed by the Owner or Owners for the Time being of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments lying and being within the faid Parilh of Mintlyn, in fuch Proportions between thofe Owners, if more than One, who fhall be deemed liable in that Behalf, and at fuch Time and Place or refpeftive Times and Places as the faid Commiffioners (hall for that Purpofe order and direft: Provided BaiK™Ce* alfo, that nothing herein contained lball extend to fubjeft or charge any granimgbene-Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, to or with any Share ^ ^ or Proportion of the Cofts, Charges, or Expences of preparing, obtain- theirL:fl=e. ing, and palling this Aft, or of carrying the fame into Execution for or in refpeft of any Lands or other Hereditaments in the laid Parilh of Gay-wood, granted by any fuch Body or Bodies, by or upon any Leafe tor Life or Lives, or for a Term of Years where a Fine or Premium was Part of the Confideration for the Leafe or Grrnt, or for or in refpeft of any Allotment or Allotments which fhall be made to fuch Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, and to its or their Leffee or Lefiees for or in lieu or in refpeft of any fuch Lands or other Hereditaments by virtue of this Aft, but that the Whole of fuch Share or Proportion of Cofts,

Charges, and Expences fhall be paid and borne by fuch Leffee or Leffees refpeftively, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators, or Affigns, according to the Nature and Quality of the Eftate or Intereft granted by or under fuch Leafe or Leaks refpeftively.

XL. And be it further enafted, That it fhall be lawful for the faid For mak!nS Commiffioners to fet out, allot, and award any Meffuages, Lands, Tenc- Exchange9, ments, or Hereditaments wbatfoever within the faid relpeftive Pariflies of Gapoood and Mintlyn, in lieu of and in Exchange for any other Meffuages,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatfoever within the faid refpec-tive Parilbes, or within any adjoining Paiilb, Hamlet, Townlhip, or Place, provided that all fuch Exchanges be afeertained, fpecified, and declared in the Award of the faid Commiffioners, and be made with the previous Confent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of the Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which fhall be fo exchanged (whether fuch Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, fhall be feifed or poffelfed in his, her, or their natural Capacity pr Capacities

as

tn nofloao-**

5*8	48® GEORGIl III. Cap:>35.

Is Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple, in Fee Tail, General or Special' or for Life, or by the Courtcfy of England, or for Yearsdeterminable on • any Life or Lives, or be a Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate), or with the previous Confent of the Guardians, Trtiftees, Feoffees for charitable oi other Ufes, Hufbands, Committees, or Attornies of or acting for any fuch Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietofs, fo feifect or pofi'efied as aforefaid, who at the Time of making or propofing fuch Exchange or Exchanges fhall be refpedively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatic ks, or under any other legal Difability, or who fhall be beyond the Seas, or otherwife difabled to aft for himfelf, or herfclf, or themfelves refpectively, fuch Confent to be teftilicd in Writing from the confenting Parties refpectively ; and every .fuch Confentor Agreement for Exchange, when afeertained, fpecified, and declared in and by the Award of the laid Com-miflioners, fhall be deemed and confideted as a good, valid, and effectual Exchange in the Law to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever: Provided revcrihtlefs, that nn Exchange fhall be made under thiror the faid recited Ad of any Lancs, Tenements, or Heicditaments, held in right of any Chuich, Chapel, or other Ecclefiaflical Benefice, without the Confent in Writing of the Loid Bilhop of the Diocefe in which fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo to be exchanged fhall lie and be fituate, and of the Patron of fuch Church, Chapel, or other Ecclefiaflical Benefice, for the Time being refpedively.

XLI. And whereas fome of the Proprietors of Mefiuages, Cottages, Tenements, or Lands in the faid refpedive Parifhes of Gaywood and Minllyn, may be feifed thereof or entitled thereto in joint Tenancy, or as Coparceners, or Tenants in Common, and cannot, by reafon of Coverture, Infancy, or other Incapacity, or of Settlement, or of Abfence beyond Seas, make an effeftual Divifion or Partition thereof, be it therefore further enaded. That it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, and' they are hertby authorized and empowered (upon the Requcfl in Writing of any One or either of fuch joint Tenants or Coparceners, or Tenants in Common, or of the Hufband, Guardian, Truftee, Committee, or Attorney of any One or either of fuch joint Tenants, Coparceners, or Tenants in Common, who may be under Coverture, a Minor, Lunatick, or under anv Incapacity as aforefaid, or be abfent beyond Seas), to make Partition and D>vifion of all or any of the Mefiuages, Cottages, Tenements, Lands, and Hereditaments in the refpedive Parifhes of Gay-wood and Minllyn aforefaid, fo held in joint Tenancy, Coparcenary, or in Comrrifon (as well of thole Mefiuages, Cottages, Tenements, Lands, and Hereditaments which are not fubjed to Divifion and Inclofure under this Ad as of thofe which are), and alfo of all or any Part or Parts of the Open Field, Half Year, cr Shack Lands, Warrens er reputed Warrens, Heaths, Severals, Commons, or Wafle Grounds, to be let out or allotted under this Ad, between fuch Owners or Proprietors fo entitled as joint Tenants, Coparceners, or Tenants in Common, and to allot the fame accordingly to fuch Owners and Proprietors in Severally ; and from and immediately afirr the,(aid Partitions or Divifions and Allotments, refpectively in Severalty fhall be lo made and declared, the fame fhall be holden and enjoyed by the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame fhall be allotted in Severalty,, in fuch and the fame Manner, and fubjed to fuch and the fame Ufes as the hndivided Parts or Shares of fuch Mefiuages, Cottages, Tenements, Lands, Hereditaments, and Allotments of Common or Wafte

Ground

Comifciflionert

nmv make Allotments in Severalry to ioint Tenants, &C.

48* GEORG 11 III. Cap. 3$.	529

Ground would have been held or have been fubjtft 10 in cafe fuch Parti-tion, Divifion, and Allotment in Severalty had not been made.

XLH. And be it further enafted, That all the Cofls, Charges, and Fc.rP.vm-nt Exffcnces attending the making, completing, or recording any Exchange “f Excnaoe*s Or Partition as herein-bcfore mentioned, or any Agreement relating thereto, and Partition., which (hail be made under or by virtue of the Paid r; cited Ad or this Ad, fhall be borne and defrayed by the fcverJ Parties making or intended in any fuch Exchange or Petition, in fuch Manner and in fuch Proportions as the Paid Commiffioners (hall by their Lid Award, or by any previous or fubfequent Writing under their Hands, order and direft.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That when and fq nireftions for often as it (hall be neceiLty to charge any Lands cr Tenements which ^»hofd (hftl be allotted or exchanged by virtue of the faid recited Aft or of this Lands with Aft, and which (hail be or become Copyhold, with any Sum or Sums of txre,1Cfc-Money by Way of Mor gage, for defraying any Share or Shares of the Cells, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Aft, then and in every fuch C.fe fuch Copyhold Lands and Tenements fhall be furrendered to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who (hall advance and lend luch Sum or Sums of Money, and his, her, or their Heirs and Affigns, according to the Cuftun of the Manor or Manors, whereof the lame (ball be holden by Copy of Court Kell, by Way of Mortgage, for lecuring fuch Sum or Sums of Money and Incereft fur the fame, inftcad of being mortgaged and furrendered to fuch Petfon or Perfons, his, her, or their Executors, Adminiflrators, or Affigns, for a Term of Years as mentioned in the faid recited Aft.

XLIV. And be it further enafted, That Once at lead in every Year commirnon-dunng the Execution of this Aft (fuch Year to be computed from the "stohy their Day of the puffing thereof) the faid Commiffioners fhall and, they are fo^0j'juft!cV hereby req ired to make a true and juft Statement or Account of all Qneeincvctjr Monies by them received and expended, or due to them for their own Ytar‘ Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Aft; and fuch Statement or Account when fo made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, fhall be by ihem laid before One of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the Lid County of Norfolk, not interfiled in the faid Divifton and	'

Allotment, to be dy hitn examined and balanced ; and fuch Balance (hall be by fuch Juftice (t ued in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk ot the faid Commiflioncrs, and no Charge or Item in fuch Accounts (hall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, onlcfs the lame (hall have been duly allowed by fuch Juftice.

XLV. And be it further enafted, That if any of the Proprietors or Monty Per ions intended in the Lands or G'ounds hereby direfted to be divided advanced by and allotted, or any other Perfon or PerLns (hall advance any Money in l^^'paid Difcharge of the Fees or other Expences of obtaining this Aft, or of with imereti, executing the (aid recited Aft and this Aft, the Money fo advanced (hall be repaid and fatisfied by the Direftion of the faid Commiffioners, together with lawful Intend for the fame.

6 S

[I or. y Perl]

XLVI. And

53<>

Pr'p i{t->r8 and An.ei.ti to p y rhtir ow . Ex-pen.es.

AwnrJ lo be mad. ?nd att Iteil j Copy to be dtpoGtcd.

Pei font ag-giievcd may appeal to the

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. is.

XLVI. Ar.d be it alfo enafted, That the faid Proprietor?, their Attor* nits and Agents, Ih.ill pay their own Expences when they or any of them (hall attend the faid Commiflioners at any of their Mettings to be held in putfuance of the faid recited Adi or of this Adt.

XLVII. And be it further enadled, That within Twelve Calendar Months next after the Execution of the Award by the faid recited Adi diredled to be made by the faid Commiflioners, a true Copy of the faid Awaid written upon Parchment, and figned and attefted by the laid Commiflioners to be a true Copy thtreof, together with a Map or Plan thereto annexed, fhall be delivered to the Clerk of the Peace for the faid County of Ncrfj/k, and he is hereby required to receive the fame, and depoflt and k ep if among the Records of the faid County, lo that Recourfe may be had thereto by any Perfon or Perfons intercfled in the Piemifes; and for the Receipt of fuch Copy fo figned and attefted, the Fee of Three Pounds and Three Shillings (ball be paid to the faid Clerk of the Peace, and for the Infpeftion and Perufal thereof the Sum of One Shilling and no more (ball be p;id ; and the faid Awaid (bail, from and after the Delivery of fuch Copy thereof to the faid Clerk of the Peace, be deeintd and taken to be inrolled according to the Direflions, and within the Meaning of the faid recited Aft, and another like Copy of the faid Award written on Parchment, and figned and attefted by the faid Commiflioners to be a true Copy thereof, with a proper Map or Plan thereto alfo annexed, fhall, wiihin the Time aforefaid, be depofited and kept in the Pari(h Church of Goywccd aforefaid, and the faid original Award (ball be delivered to or depofited with the Lord of the faid Manor of Gaywood; and the faid original Award and the (aid refpeftive Copies thereof fo depofited as aforefaid, and any other Copy thereof figned and attefted by the faid Commiflioners, as alfo any Copy of that fo depofited with the faid Clerk of the Peace, and figned and attefted by the Clerk of the Peace for the Time being or his Deputy, or any Copy (fo attefted) of any Part of the faid original Award or depofited Copies relpeftively (for which Copy or Copies no more fhall be paid than Sixpence per Sheet, each Sheet containing Seventy-two Words), (hall from Time to Time and at all Times thereafter be admitted and allowed as legal Evidence of the Matters and Things therein contained, in all Courts whatfoever; and the feveral Allotments, Exchanges, Partitions, Orders, Directions, Matters, and Things contained in the faid Award, (hall be and are hereby declared to be binding, final, and conclufive upon all and every Perfon and Perfons, Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, inrerefted in the Pre-mifes; and all Rights of Common, Shackage, Sheepwalk, or Foldcourfe, and all other Commonable Rights and Intends whatfoever in, upon, or over the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted as aforefaid, or any Part thereof, (hall, from and immediately after the Execution of the faid Award, unlefs fooner txtinguilhed by previous Order of the faid Commiflioners, as in this Aft provided, ceafe, determine, and be for ever extinguilhed; and the fame Lands and Grounds fhall for ever thereafter be held and enjoyed by the refpeftive Owners and Proprietors thereof in Severalty.

XLVIII. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, (hall think himlelf,

berfelf.

48° GEORGII IIL Cap. 3£ .

herfelf, orthemfelves aggrieved by any Thing done in ptnfuance of’this or ihe (aid recited Ad, other than and except as to fuch Claims, Matters" and Things as are herein-before or by the laid recited Ad direfted or authorized to be afeertained, fettled, tried, or determined by the Verdifit of a Jury, and other than and except as to fuch Orders, Determinations, and Proceedings of the faid Commiffioners as are herein or by the faid recited Aft declared or direfted to be final and conclufive, then and1 in every fuch Cafe he, (he, or they may appeal to the Judices at thp General Quarter Seffion of the Peace which (hall be held for the faid County of Norfolk, within Four Calendar Months next after the Caufe of the Complaint (hall have arifen, on giving to the faid Commifiioners and to the Party or Parties concerned Fourteen Days Notice in Writing of fuch Appeal, and of the Matter thereof; and the Judices (not interefled in the Premifes) in their faid General Quarter Srflion are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every (uch Appeal, and to make fuch Order, and award fuch Cods and Damages as to them in their Dil'cretion (hall feem real'onable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Cods and Damages which (hall be fo awarded by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the lame, rendeting the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels, after deducting*the real'onable Charges of fuch Warrant, Didrefs, and Sale; and the Determination of the (aid Judices (hail be final and conclufive to all Parties concerned, and diall not be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefs whatfoever, into any of His iVLjefty’s Courts of Record at Wefiminjler or elfcwhere; but in cafe fuch Appeal (hall appear to the faid Juftices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without fufficitnt Foundation, then the faid Judices (hall award fuch C ds to I e paid by the Appellant or Appellants as to them in their Dif-cr tion IhalJ feem reafonable, fuch lad-mentioned Cods to be levied in Ivla n r aforefaid.

XI IX. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That nothing in this givirgtlie Aft contained (hall extend or be condrued to extend to invalidate, leflen, Rights cf alter, or take away any of the Rights, Powers, and Authorities veded or Stwe“‘ to be veiled in any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever by virtue of any prefent or fu'ure Commiflion or Commifiions of Sewers for the County of Norfolk, but all fuch Rights, Powers, and Authorities (hall be and continue in as full Fr.rce and Effeft: to all Intents and Purpofes as if this Aft had not been palled.

L. Saving always to the King’s mod Excellent Majedy, His Heirs and General Succcllors, and 10 all and every other Perfon and Perfons, and Body and Saving. Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, and his, her, and their Heirs, Succedbrs, Executors, and Adminidrators (except the feveral Perfons and Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments diall be made by virtue and in purfuance of the faid recited Aft or of this Aft, for and in refpeft. of fuch Rights or Inrereds as a'e hereby meant and intended to be barred, dedroyed, and extinguidied, and all Perfons refpeftively claiming under them or in Remainder after them), all fuch Right, Edate, Title, and Intered as they, every, or any of them could or ought to have had and enjoyed of, in, to, or in refpeft of the Lands hereby direfted to be divided and allotted in cafe this Aft had not been paffed.

S3*

QMi.tr

-Sclliuna,

S32

Act to be printed by the King’* Jointer.

48° GEORGII III. Cty.35.

LI. And be it further enafted, That this Aft fhall be printed by the Printer to the King’s mod Excellent Majefty; and a Copy theieof fo printed fhall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Julticcs, and ethers.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moll Excellent Majelty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

ft*****************************************************

Cap. 36.

An A& for inclofing Land* in the Parifhes of Thake-<' hatn, Sullington, and Shipley, in the - County of Sujfex.	[14th	April	1808.]

WHEREAS there are within the feveral Parifhes of Tbakeham^ Sullington, and Shipley, and within the Manor of Tbakeham in the County of Sujfex, divers uninclofed Commons and Wafte Lands, containing by Admeasurement Two hundred and ninety-two Acres, Three Roods, and Thirty-eight Poles, or thereabouts, known by the feveral Names of Heath Common, Green Hurjl Common, Furze Common, Danehill Common, and Coolham Green, Parcel of the Wafle of the faid Manor of Tbakeham: And whereas the exa£t Boundaries of the faid Three feveral Parifhes over and acrofs the faid uninclofed Commons and Wafte Lands are undefined and uncertain: And whereas Henry Shelley of Lewes in the faid County Efquire, and Charles Lamb of High am in the faid County Efquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, are Lords and Lady of the faid Manor of Tbakeham, and as fuch Lords and Lady of the faid Manor claim to be entitled to the Soil of the faid uninclofed Commons and Wafte Lands, and the Timber and Wood growing and Handing thereon : And whereas the faid Henry Shelley and Charles Lamb, and Elizabeth his Wife, the Right Honourable the Earl of Egremont, Sir Bysjloe Shelly Baronet, and feveral other Perfons as Owners and Proprietors of certain Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, lying within the Manor of Ihukeham £Ler. Es5 Per."}	6	T	aforefaid,

53+

Commiffion-

era.

Eleflion of new Coinmif-fioncrt.

4^“GE0RGII III. Cap.36.

aforeT'cl, are entitled to certain Rights of Common, in refpeft of the' faid itveral Melluages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in, c*.er, ai d up>n the fane Commons and Wafte Lands: And whereas an was paffed in the Forty-firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majelliy, intituled. An ^d for confo-idatirg in One Ad certain Provifions ujuaily inferied in Ads of Inclofure, ar.d for facilitating the Mode of proving the fevrraJ Fads ufually required on the faffing of fuch Ads: And whereas the faid Commons and Wafte Lands in their prefent open and uncultivated State yield only an inconfiderable Profit to the faid Proprietors and Per-fons iiuerefted therein, and it would be of manifeft Advantage to the faid feveral Proprietors and Perfons interefied, if the faid Commons and Wafte Lands were divided and fpecifick Shares thereof allotted to the faid feveral Perlons according to their refpective Rights and Interefts; but as the fame cannot be effefted or carried into Execution without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore pleale Your Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be it enacted by the King’s molt Excellent Majefty, by and wiih the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common?, i:i this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That Caleb Rickman of (iffham in the Parilli of Southjioke in the faid County Yeoman, and Hugh Fuller of Buckingham Farm in the Parilh of Id Sboreh.m in the faid County Yeoman, fhali be and are hereby appointed Commiifioners for fetting out, dividing, and allotti g the faid uninclofed Commons and Wafte Lands, and for putting this Aft into Execu'ion, in fuch Manner and fubjeft to fuch Regulations as are hereinafter contained, and with fuch of the Powers, and fubjeft to fuch of the Rules, Orders, Dircftions, Regulations, Reftridions, and Provifions contained in the faid recited Ad, as are not vatied or altered by or repugnant to any of the Claufes, Provifoes, or Regulations contained in this Ad.

II. And be it further enaded. That if either of the faid Commiifioners, oranyP.rfon to be nominated and appointed by virtue of this Ad a Commilfioner, fhali die, refufe to ad, or become incapable of afting in the Execu'ion of this Ad and the faid recited Ad, then ar.d in every fuch Cafe it 11 til and may be lawful to and for the faid Henry Shelley, Charles Lamb, and Elizabeth his Wife, or the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the faid Manor for the Time being, with the Confenl of the Majority in value of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Hereditaments lying within the aforefaid Parilhes, and holden of the faid Manor, fuch Con-fent to be in Writing and figned either by the faid Owners and Proprietors* or by their Stewards or Agents, and he, ihe, and they is and are hereby required by Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, from Time to Time within Fourteen Days next after fuch Death, Refufal, or Incapacity fhali be made known to him, her, or them, to nominate and appoint another Perfon (not interefted in rhe faid intended Bivifion and Inclofure) to be a Commilfioner in the Room or Stead of every fuch Commilfioner lb dying, refufing to aft, or becoming incapable of afting, and fo totics quoties as often as any Commilfioner fo nominated and appointed fhali die or refufe to aft, or become incapable of afting; andoevery-Commilfioifer fo to be nominated and appointed as aforefaid fhali}' after taking the Oath preferibed in that Behalf, have the like Power and Authority for carrying this and the faid recited Aft into Execution, and fhali be fubjeft and liable to the like Rules, Regulations, and Re-

L - ftrictions.

535

48*GEORGII III. Cap.

•ftriftions, as if he had been originally nominated a Commiflioner in and by this Aft.

HI. Provided always, and be it enafted. That in cafe the faid Henry Proprietor* Shelley, Charles Lamb, and Elizabeth his Wife, or the Lord or Lords, cho°£' * Lady or Ladies of the faid Manor for the Time being, with the Confent aforefaid, (hall refufe or negleft from Time to Time to make fuch Nomi- neglea. nation and appointment of another Commilfioner within the faid Space of Fourteen Days after fuch Death, Refufal, or Incapacity, (hall be made known to him, her, or them, then and in every fuch Cafe, the major Part in value (fuch Value to be afcertained according to the Rate or Affeffment made for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the faid Parifhes refpeftively for that Year) of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Hereditaments within the faid Parifhes refpeftively, and alfo lying within and holden of the faid Manor, who (hall be prefent in Perfon, or by their refpeftive Agents and Proxies, duly authorized for fuch Pur-pofe at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpofe (^of which Meeting Four Days Notice in Writing, figned by any Two or more of fuch Owners and Proprietors, (hall be given by affixing the fame on the Doors of the faid refpeftive Parilh Churches, on fome Sandfly immediately before Divine Service), (hall and they are hereby required to nominate and appoint, by any Writing under the Hands of the major Part in value of them the faid Owners and Proprietors and Agents aforefaid, a proper Perfon or Perfons (not interelted in the faid Divifion and Inclofure) to be a Commiflioner or Comm ffioners in the Room or Stead of the Commiflioner or Coinmif-fiontrs fo dying or refufmg to aft, or becoming incapable of afting, and fo from Time to Time as often as any fuch Cafe or Cafes (hall happen; and every Commiflioner fo to be nominated and appointed (hall, after taking the Oath by the fad recited Aft prefcribed in that Behalf, have the like Power and Authority for carrying the faid recited Aft and this Aft into Execution, and (hall be fubjeft and liable to the like Rules, Regulations, and Reftriftions, as if he had been originally nominated a Commif-fioner in and by this Aft.

IV. Provided alfo, and be it enafted. That if either of the faid Com- Refufal or miiiioners hereby appointed (hall refufe or negleft to attend at the Firft Neglect of Meeting direfted to be holden for carrying this and the faid recited Aft into Execution, and duly qualify himfelf by taking the Oath by the faid t^e Meeting* recited Aft prefcribed iu that Behalf, or if either of the faid Commit- to vacate Ap-fioners (hall at any Time after the faid Firft: Meeting wilfully abfent him- pointmetf. felf from any Two following fucceflive Meetings appointed to be holden by virtue of this Aft, fuch Meetings being known to him either by his being prefent at the Appointment thereof, or Notice thereof in Writing having been given to him, or left at hislafl or ufual Place of Abode by* the Clerk to the faid * omnnlliorters, ancTfuch Commiflioner not being prevented by Sicki.els or other reafdnable Caufe to be allowed by the other Commif-fioner from attending at fuch Meetings •, or if any Commi doner to be nominated and appointed in Manner by this Aft direfted (halt not attend and qualify himfelf to aft as a Commiflioner in the Execuion oi this and the fakJ recited Aft at the Firft Meeting after his Nomination an ! Ap-posnjment, fuch Meeting to be appointed by the lurviving or le.na dng Comrri flouer for carrying this and the faid recited Aft into Fxecu id, or all .hereafter wilfully abfent himfelf from arty Two following fucccilive 9	Meetings

5 3<>	^•GEORGIIiiHI.	36,

Meetings to be holden by virtue of this A ft, fuch Meetings being knowh to him either by his being prefent at the Appointment thereof, or Notice thereof in Writing having been given to him, or left at his laft or ufual Place of Abode by the Clerk to the faid Commiffioners, and fuch Com-miffioner not being prevented by Sicknefs or other reafonable Caufe to be allowed by the other Commiflioner from attending at fuch Meetings, then and in every fuch Cafe fuch Abfence or Nbn-attendance, or other Default as aforefaid, fhall be deemed and taken to be a Refufal'to aft within the Intent and Meaning of this Aft.

In cafe of

Difference

between

V. And for the Purpofe of fettling and determining any Difference or Differences, Difpute or Difputes, that may arife between the Coromif. Coramiffion- fioners, touching or concering any of the Matters and Things to be by ers an Umpire them done and performed in parfuance of the faid recited Aft or of this tobechofen. Aft,	it further eiiafted. That the laid Commiffioners fhall and they

are hereby required to cltoofe, nominate, and appoint, by Writing under their Hands, forne proper and fkilful Perfon, not 'interefted in the faid Allotment, Divifion, or Inclofure, who fhall be willing and content to aft as Umpire, and fo from Time to Time as often as any Perfon fo nominated and appointed an Umpire fhall die, refufe, or negleft to aft, or becoming incapable of. afting in the Execution of this Aft, and fuch Umpire is hereby authorized and required to hear and determine any fuch Difference or Difpute as may arife between the faid Commiffioners, touching any Matter or Thing relating to the faid Divifion, Allotment, and Ii.clofure, and the Judgement and Determination of the faid Umpire therein fhall be deemed and confidered to be the Judgement and Determination of the faid Commiffioners, and Hull be final and conclufive upon the faid Commif* fioners, and upon all other Perfons interefled in or concerned in the faid Allotment, Divilion, and Inclofure, fo far as the Judgements and Deter-tninations of the faid Commiffioners are by the faid recited Aft and this Aft made final or conclufive : Provided always, that in cafe any fuch Umpire fhall negleft to fettle and determine any fuch Difference or Difpute within Twenty-one Days after the fame fhall have been referred to him by the faid Comniiffioners, then and in fuch Cafe fuch Negleft fhall be deemed and taken to be a Negleft to aft within the Intent and Meaning of this Aft.

Umpire, to be VI. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That no Perfon fhall



Oath.

be capable of afting in the Execution of this Aft as Umpire, until he fhall have taken and fubferibed the Oath following; (that is to fay),

‘ t A. jj,. do fwear [or, being One of the People called Quakers, do ‘ * folemnly affirm] That I will faithfully, impartially, and honeffiy, ‘ according to the .bell of my Skill and Ability, execute and perform the ‘ Trull.,; Power, and Authority repofed in me as Umpire, by virtue of an ‘ Aft made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George.the ‘j'Third, intituled, [here infcrt the Title of this ATI j according to Equity ‘,;a«d-;g0f>d Confidence, and without Favour or Affeftion to, any Perfon ‘ orjPerfonfl WhPjiifoevei-.

‘ So help me GOD.'

"$&iicjf Oath or Affirmation it fhall and may be lawful to and for the laid ^onmiiffioners- to aJtiiinifler, and fuch Commiflioners are hereby required to admininer tiie lame; and fuch Oath or Affirmation, when fo taken and

fubferibed

537

48* GEORG 11 III. Cap. 36.

fubfcribed by fuch Umpire, fhall be annexed to and inrolled with the Award of the faid Commiflioners.

VII.	And be it farther enacted. That the faid Commiflioners fliall caufe Notice to be given of the Time and Place of their firfl and every other Meeung for executing the Powers of the faid recited Aft and this Aft, by Advertifement to be inferted in the Newfpaper called the Lewes and Brigbthelmjlone Journal if then publifhed, and if not, then in fome other Newfpaper publifhed within the faid County of Suffix, Ten Days at leaf! before every fuch Meeting fhall be had or held (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted), and all Meetings of the faid Commiflioners fhall be holden within the faid Manor of Thakebam, or within Eight Miles thereof; and in cafe both the faid Commiflioners fhall not attend at the Time and Place appointed for any fuch Meeting, or to which fuch Meeting fhall be adjourned as aforel'aid, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Commiflioners who fhall attend, and to and for the Clerk to the faid Commiflioners in cafe neither of the faid Commiflioners fhall attend, to adjourn fuch Meeting to any future Day not exceeding Ten Days from the Day of fuch Adjournment, to be holden at the fame Place or at fome other Place within the Diftance of Eight Miles from the faid Manor of Thakebam, as to the Commiflloner or Clerk making fuch Adjournment fhall feem mofl convenient; and the faid Commiflloner or Clerk making fuch Adjournment is hereby required to give Notice to the abfent Commiflioner or Commiflioners Six Days at the leafl before the Day appointed for fuch Meetings refpeftively.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enafted. That all other Notices necef-fary to be given by the faid Commiflioners, in purfuance of the faid recited Aft or of this Aft (unlefs otherwife particularly direfted), fhall be given by Advertifement to be inferted in the Newfpaper called the Lewes and BrighthelmJlone Journal if then publifhed, or if not, then in fome other Newfpaper publifhed within the faid County of Suffix; or if no fuch Newfpaper fhall be publifhed within the faid County, then fuch Notices fhall be publifhed in the London Gazette.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe any Difpute or Difference fhall arife between any of the Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, interefted or claiming to be interefled in the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds, or in any Part or Parts thereof, or in the faid Diviiions and Inclofure, or touching or concerning the re-fpeftire Rights and Interefls, Shares and Proportions which they or any of them fhall have or claim to have, in. over, or upon the I.ands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the faid Divifion and Allotments, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commif-fioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to examine into, hear, and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing; herein contained fhall authorize or empower the faid Commiflioners to determine the Title to any Meffuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatfoever.

X.	And be it further enacted, That in cafe the (aid Commiflioners fhall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objeftion or Qbjeftions to be delivered to them in purfuance of this or the faid

[Loc. & Per.)	6U	-v	recited

Notice of Meetings, &c.

vcJ.

Other Notices, how to be given.

Commiffion-ers to determine Differences.

Commiflion-ers to atfefs Cofls.

53#	. 488GEORGII III. Cap.36.

-recited Aft, fee caufe to award.any Cods,'it full and may be lawful to and lor the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpofe, to fettle, afl'eft, and award fuch Colts and Charges as they fnall think. reafonable to be paid to the Party or Parties in whofe Favour any Determination of the faid Commif-fioners (hall be made by the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, whofe Chum or Claims, Objection or Objections, lhall be thereby difallowed or over-ruled; and in cafe the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, who lhall be fubjeft and liable to pay fuch Colts and Charges, fnall negleft and refufe to pay the fame on Demand,, then and in fuch Cafe it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commifliouers, and they are hereby authorized and required by Warrant under their Hands, directed to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, to caufe fuch C oils and Charges to be levied by Dillrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, fo neglecting or refuting to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Poliuck, Corporate or Collegiate, whofe Goods and Chattels lhall have been fo dillraincd and fold, after deducting the Colts and Charges attending fuch Diltreis and Sale.

Parties may XI. And be it further enacted, That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons,

Py	Body	or	Bodies Politick, Corporate,or Collegiate, imerelted or claiming to

Iffue at Law. *5e mterelted in the faid intended Divifion and Allotments, lhall be diffatisfied with any Determination of the faid CommilTioners or the faid Umpire, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of the Right to the Soil of the faid Commons and Waite Grounds, or of any Rights of Common, or other Rights or Interefts in, over, or upon the Lands or Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, or any Part thereof, then and in every fuch Cafe it lhall and may be lawful to and for the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, fo diffatisfied, to proceed to a Trial at Law of all the Matters fo determined by the faid CommilTioners or Umpire at the then next or at the following Affixes to be holden for the faid County of Siijfex ; and for that Purpofe the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, who lhall be diflatisfied with the Determination of the. faid Commiffioners or Umpire, lhall caufe an Aftion to be brought upon a feigned llfue againft. the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, in whofe Favour fuch Determination lhall have been piade within Four Calendar Months next after fuch Determination of the laid Commiffioners or Umpire ; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Aftion or Actions fhalt, and he, (he, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies who lhall appear thereto, or Hie Common Bail, and accept One or more Iffue or Iffues whereby fuch Claim or Claims, and the Right, or Rights thereby infilled on may be tried and determined (fuch Iffue or. I'ffues to be fettled by the proper Officer or Officers of the Court ui. which the faid Aftion or Actions fhall be commenced, in cafe the Parties lhall. differ about the fame); and the Verdict or Verdicts which lhall be given in fuch Action or Aftions lhall be final, binding, and conclulive up'dn all and every Perfon or Perfons whomfoever. Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, unlefs the Court wherein fuch Action or Actions lhall be brought, lhall let afide fuch Verdict or Verdifts and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it lhall be lawful for the Court to db as is ufual in other Calls; and aftev fuch Verdict or Verdifts lhall be obtained

and

J

539

48* GEORG II III. Cap. 36.

and not fet afide by the Court, the faid Commiffioners lhall and they arc hereby required to aft in conformity thereto, and to allow or difallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined according to the Event of fuch Trial or Trials: Provided always, that in cafe the Determination of the faid Commiffioners or Umpire, touching any Claim or Claims, or of any Rights of Common or other Interefts in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby direfted to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, or any Part thereof, fliall not be objefted to, or being objefted to, fuch Aftion or Aftions at Law fliall not be brought and proceeded in within the Time and in the Manner herein-before for that Purpofe mentioned, fuch Determination fliall be final and conclufive upon all Parties.

XII.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That ho fuch Difference, Suit, Aftion, or Proceeding as aforefaid, nor any Difference, Suit, Aftion, or Proceeding touching or concerning the Title to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fliall impede, delay, or hinder the faid Commiffioners from proceeding in the Execution of the Powers veiled in them by the faid recited Aft and this Aft, but the faid Divifion and Allotment fliall be proceeded in, nonvithftanding fuch Differences, Suits, Aftions, or Proceedings, and the faid Commiffioners fliall, by Mere Stones or proper Marks and Bounds, fet out the Lands and Grounds which fliall be allotted in lieu of fuch litigated Property, fo that the fame may be diltinguilhed from any other Lands or Grounds, and may be had and taken by the Perfon or Pcrfons, Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, who, upon the Determination of fuch Difference or Suit, fliall be entitled to the fame: Provided always, that it fliall -be lawful for the Court, in which any Aftion commenced in purfuance of this Aft fliall be depending, upon fufficient Caufe fliewn, to put off the Trial of fuch Aftion, or to award a new Trial therein, although the Time herein-before limited for the Trial of duch Aftion may be thereby exceeded.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if any of the Parties in any Aftion or Aftions to be brought and profecuted in purfu-ance of this Aft fliall die pending the fame, fuch Aftion or Aftions fliall not abate by reafon thereof, but fliall be proceeded in as if no fuch Event had happened.

XIV.	And, for the preventing all Difputes and Differences which may arife touching the Repairs of the puhlick Highways and Roads which fliall be fet out and appointed in purfuance of the faid recited Aft, be it further enafted, That the faid Commiffioners fliall and they are hereby authorized and required to determine and adjudge what Part or Parts of the faid Highways and Roads fo to be fet out and appointed fliall or do belong to the faid Parilhes refpeftively, and the faid Commiffioners lhall by their Award order and direft by which of fuch Parilhes refpeftively fuch Highways and Roads fliall be maintained, amended, and kept in Repair; and from and after the Execution of the Award of the faid Com-miffioners, fuch refpeftive publick Highways and Roads as lhall be fo determined and adjudged to belong to fuch Parilhes refpeftively lhall be maintained, amended, and kept in Repair by fuch Perfons and in fuch Manner, as the other publick Highways and Roads within fuch Parilhes refpeftively are by Law to be amended and kept in Repair.

4

AQions not to impede Proceeding* of Commif-fioners.

Aftions not to abate by the Death of the Parties.

Crrmiff.on-ers (hall determine to what Pan fh Roads lhall belong.

XV. And

54°

Allotments for Sale to defray Ex* peaces.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed, That the laid CommiUiuners lhall allot, mark, and fet ,out fucli Part or Parts of the faid Commons and Wade Lands, as lhall, in the Judgement of the faid Co amuf! toners, be fully fufhcient by Sale thereof to defray and discharge all the Cods, Charges, and Expences preparatory and incident to and a'tenoing the obtaining and palling this Act, and of lurveying, . dmeafuring, planning, valuing, divi-ding, fencing, and allotting the fan! Commons and Waite Lands, to be divided, allotted, and inciofcd by virtue thereof, and all the Charges of the faid Commidioners, and their Clerics, Aflidants, and Servants, and all the other neceffary Expences of the fey era 1 Perfons to be employed by the faid Commidioners in and about the- Premiles, and all the Expences of forming, completing, and preparing the publick Carriage Roads, and Highways to be fet out and appointed by the faid Commidioners, and that the Cods and Charges thereof lhall be raifed and paid by Sale in the Manner and purfuant to the IXre&ions mentioned and contained in the faid recited Afi of the faid Allotments or Allotment to be marked and fet out for that Purpofe as aforefaid ; and the faid Commifliqners lhaJl and they are hereby authorized (if required by the Purchafer or Purchafers of the Allotment or Allotments which lhall be fo fold), upon Payment of the full Purchafe Money for fuch Allotment or Allotments fry Deed under their Hands and Seals, to grant, releafe, and convey the lame to the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof, his, her, or their Heirs or AiTigns in Fee Simple, or to fuch Ufe or Ufes as he, Ihe, or they lhall direct, or appoint, and the Pur-, chafe Monies of the faid Allotment and Allotments fo fold lhall be applied by the faid Commilhoners in defraying fuch Colls, Charges, and Expences as aforefaid; and in Cafe there lhall be any Surplus of fuch Purchafe Monies after defraying fuch Colls, Charges, and Expences, the fame lhall be equally dillributed amongft the feveral Perfons interelled in the faid Commons and Wade Lands in proportion to their feveral and refpeflive Rights and Interefts therein ; and fuch proportional Parts and Shares of fuch Surplus Money lhall be paid to thofe Proprietors who are Tenants in Fee Simple of the Ellates in right of which they lhall be entitled to fuch Surplus Money; but the Surplus Money to which any Proprietor, not being Tenant in Fee Simple may be entitled, lhall be applied and dilpofed of in the fame Manner as any Money to be paid for the Purchafe or Exchange of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchafe or Excliange of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the lame Uies, is by the faid recited Aft directed to be applied’ and difpofed of; but in cafe the Purchafe Money ariling by fuch Sale lhall not be fufhcient to defray all the Colls, Charges, and Expences aforefaid,. then the Deficiency lhall be made up by the feveral Perfons interelled in. the faid Commons and Walle Lands hereby direfted to be divided and. inclofed, and lhall be paid in fuch Shares and Proportions within fuch. Time, and to fuch Ptrfon or Perfons as the laid Commiflioners lhall direfl, nominate, and appoint; and in cafe any Perfon hcrein-before made fubjeft to the Payment of any Money towards fuch Charges and Expences-as aforefaid lhall negled or refufe to pay his or her bhare or Proportion thereof within the l ime to be appointed as aforefaid, or at any Time afterwards upon Demand, the Janie lhall and may be levied and recoveredin the Manner dirc&ed by dw faid recited Aft.

XVI. An*

7

48* GEORGII 111. Cap.^6.

54*

XVI.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commifiioners dial! and Allotment of they are hereby required in the next Place to fet out, allot, and appoint

in Severalty unto the faid Henry Shelley Efquire, as One of the Lords of the clofed Corn-Manor of Thakeham aforefaid, or to i'uch iVrion or Perfons as lliall then mens and be entitled to the faid Manor, by, from or under him, his, her, or their Watte Lands Heirs or Afligns, One full Twenty-eighth Part in value cf the faid Com-mons and Waite Lands fo to be divided and allotted (after deducting the jrf'Jr^ publick Carriage Roads, Highways, common Watering Places, Drains, Lord of the and Watercourifcs) in lieu of and as a full Compenfation and Satisfaction Manor in for his, her, or their Rights and Interefts to the Soil of the faid Commons ^.u ^ £'* t;,. and Waite Lands fo to be divided and allotted, and over and above, and Soil, exclufive of fuch Share and Allotment, Shares and Allotments of the laid Commons and Waite Lands as lhall be afligned and allotted to him, her, or them in refpeft of his, her, or their feveral Mefiuages, Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, having Right of Common in, over, or upon the faid unincloied Commons and Waite Lands.

XVII.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commifiioners for the Allotment of Time being lhall and they are hereby required in the next Place, to fet

out, allot, and appoint in Severalty unto the faid Charles Lamb Efquire °n;Jcf0f^ and Elizabeth his Wife, as the other Lord and Lady of the Manor of Commons Thakeham aforefaid, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as mall then be entitled and Wade to the faid Manor, by, from or under them, him, her, or either of them, their, his, or her Heirs or Afligns, One other full Twenty-eighth Part in j . value of the faid unincloied Commons and Waite Lands fo to be divided Elizabeth his and allotted (after dedufting the publick Carriage Roads, Highways, Wife, Lord common Watering Places, Drains, and Watercourfes) in lieu of and as a Manor°f full Compenfation and Satisfaction for his and her or their Rights and ;n'j,eu ("f-or' Interefts to the Soil of the faid Commons and Walle Lands fo to be their Right divided and allotted, and over and above, and exclufive of fuch Share la the Soil, and Allotment, Shares and Allotments of the faid Commons and Waite Lands, as lliall be affigned and allotted to him, her, or them in refpeft of his, her, or their feveral Mefiuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments having Right of Common in, over, or upon the laid unindofed Commons and Waite Lands.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commifiioners lliall Allotment of and they are hereby required in the next Place to fet out and divide, affign, tl'= Refidue allot, and appoint the Refidue of the faid Commons and Walle Lands “

unto and amongft the laid Henry Shelley, Charles Lamb, and Elizabeth his Walle Lands. Wife, and the feveral Perfons refpettively interefted therein, in fuch Shares and Proportions as the faid Commifiioners lhall judge and determine to be a full Satisfaction and Compenfation to him, her, or them refpeftively fbr his, her, and their refpective Rights and Intereft in, over, or upon the lame.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein Hen'SSheL contained lhall extend or be conftrued to extend to hinder or deprive the iey a7d C" faid Henry Shelley, and Charles Lamb and Elizabeth his Wife, as Lords Charles and Lady of the faid Manor, or thofe refpeftively claiming under or after ^j,mb sn<1 . thtem as Lords or Ladies of the faid Manor, from cutting down, taking, w|fea “* and carrying away for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months from the Lord’s and palling of this Aft, the Timber and Wood growing on fuch Parts of the Ladv of the

Refervation

V [_Loc. & Per. j

6 1

542	48‘GEORGn	III.	Cap. 2 6.

faid unlncldfcd Commons and Wafte Lands as arc hereby directed to be allotted to the faid other Owners and Proprietors having Rights of Common in, over, and upon the faid uninclofed Commons and Wafte Lands as afore* faid, in fnch Manner and Proportion as they might refpeftively have done in cafe this Aft had not been paifed ; nor ihall any T hing in this Ad contained be coniirued to extend to deprive the faid Proprietors to whom any Allotment or Allotments Ihall be made by virtue of this Ad, from having or enjoying to their refpedive Ufes and Benefit: all fuch Bufhes, Heritir, and Furze as flaall at the Time of making fuch Allotment or Allotments be growing thereon refpeftively.

Commiflion-ers to allot and divide the conjunctive Property between the Lords and Lady in Severalty.

XX.	And be it further enaded, That it Ihall and may be lawful to'and for the faid Commiffioners, or either of them, and they and he arc tfnd is hereby authorized and required, after talcing into theft or his Confider;ttion the Value of the Cottages, Lands, and Tenements within the Manor Of Thakeham af. refaid, which are granted for a Life or Lives, and for a Term or Terms of Years, and holden as well of the faid Henry Shelley as of the faid Charles Lamb and Elizabeth his Wife conjunftively, as Lords and Lady of the faid Manor (the faid Commiffioners paying due regard not only to the Situation but alfo to the Repairs of the Buildings and the Quality of the Land refpeftively, and to the Quit Rents and othfer Dues payable in refpeft of the fame, and each and every of them refpeftively, and alfo to all Advantages to the fame, and each and every of them refpeftively, belonging or appertaining with the Life or Lives, Term or Terms of Years for which the fame were granted or demifed refpeftively, and which are yet in exiftence or yet to come and unexpired), to allot and divide the fame as equally and as conveniently as may be, unto and between the faid Henry Shelley and Charles Lamb, and Elizabeth his Wire, or the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the faid Manor for the Time being in Severalty; and fuch Allotments when fo made by the faid Commiffioners Ihall be inferted in their faid Award, and the faid Commiffioners ihall and they are hereby required in their faid Award diftinclly to fet forth the Particulars of each and every of the faid Cottages, Lands, and Tenements fo to be allotted and divided between them the faid Henry Shelley and Charles Lamb and Elizabeth his Wife, in Severalty as Lords and Lady of the faid Manor, together with the Situation of each and every of them, and of whom from the Time of executing the faid Award the fame and each of them are refpeftively to be holden by the Grantees thereof refpeftively, and which of them refpeftively ihall hereafter belong in Severalty to the faid Henry Shelley as Lord of the faid Manor, and which other of them refpeftively ihall hereifter belong in Severalty to the faid Charles Lamb and Elizabeth his Wife, as Lord and Lady of the faid Manor, to the Intent that each of them the faid Henry Shelley and Charles Lamb and Elizabeth his Wife refpeftively, arid the refpeftive Lords and Lady of the faid Manor for the Time being, may hold the fame in Severalty (fubjeft neverthclefs to fuch Grants for Life or Lives, Term or Terms of Years therein refpeftively as are yet unexpired), and receive, take, and enjoy the Whole.of the Rents, Dues, C.uftoms, Services, and Payments arifing or accruing therefrom, or to be paid and performed in refpeft thereof refpeftively, to and for their own refpeftive feparate Ufe and Behoof in Severalty, freed and difeharged from all Claims and Demands of the other or others of them.

XXI. And

4.8° .GEORG 11 III. Cap. 36.

. XXI. And be it farther enacted, That, from and immediately after the kxecu ijn of the faid Award, the Grantee or Grantees of inch Cottages,

Tancft, <.qd Tenements, as (hall be allotted and awarded to the faid Henry Shelley as Lord of the faid Manor as aforefaid, (hall pay and perform unto the laid Henry Shelley as Lord of the faid Manor, the Whole of the Rents, Fines, Cuftoms, and Services which are now due and payable, and which ought to be performed to the faid Henry Shelley and Charles Lamb and Elizabeth his Wife, as Lords and Lady of the laid Manor in refpeCt thereof, freed and difeharged from all Claims and Demands of the faid Charles Lamb and Elizabeth his Wife, or either of them as Lord or Lady of the faid Manor, and the Cottages, Lands, and Tenements fo allotted and awarded to the faid Henry Shelley as fuch Lord of the faid Manor fhalj (land limited, fettled, and alfured to, for, and upon fuch and the fame Fftates, Ufes, Trufts, Intents, and Purpofes, as fuch Part of the faid Manor holden by the faid Henry Shelley, or by the Perfon or Perfons who for the Time being (hall be Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of fuch Part (hall (land limited, fettled, and affured, and be lubject and liable to at the Time of making fuch Allotments.

XXIL And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Execution Cottages to of the faid Award,, the Grantee or Grantees of fuch Cottages, Lands, be held by and Tenements; as (hall be allotted and awarded to the faid Charles Lamb l*'mb and and Elizabeth his Wife as Lord and Lady of the faid Manor as aforefaid, Elizabeth his Thai 1 pay and perform unto the faid Charles Lamb and -Elizabeth his Wife, Wife to the as Lord and l ady of the faid Manor, the Whole of the Rents, Fines, famcUfes. Cultotns, and Services which are now due and payable, and which ought to be performed to the faid Henry Shelley and Charles Lamb and Elizabeth ftis Wife, as Lords and Lady of the faid Manor in refpect thereof, freed and diieharged from all Claims anti Demands of the faid Henry Shelley as Lord of the faid Manor, and the Cottages, Lands, and Tenements fo allotted and awarded to the faid Charles Lamb and Elizabeth his Wife as fuch Lord and Lady of the faid Manor (hail (land limited, fettled, and affured to,' for, and upon fuch and the fame FHates, Ufes, Trufts, Intents, and Purpofes; us fuch Part of the faid Manor holden by the faid Charles Lamb and Elizabeth his Wife, or by the Perfon or Perfons who .for the Time being (hall be Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of fuch Part,

(hall (land limited, fettled, and affured, and be lubject and liable to at the Time of making fuch Allotments.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the faid Commiflioners (hall In cafe of and they are hereby required (in cafe in the making fuch Allotments as Difference in laft mentioned there (hall happen to be any Difference in point of Value between fuch Allotments') to award what Sum or Sums of Money (hall be made by paid by the One of fuch Lords or Ladies to the other of fuch Lords or Ladies Commifllon-as an equivalent Satisfaction and Compenfation for fuch Difference in value ers t0 the in fuch Allotment or Allotments aforefaid; and fuch Sum or Sums of L^Wef'e -Money fo to: be awarded (hall be afeertained, fixed, and determined by tively, to the faid Commiflioners, and (hall be paid by the Lord or Lords of the be held in faid Manor for the Time being, fo dire died by the faid Commiflioners to Severajty>;m pay the fame at fuch Place or Places, Time or Times, as the faid Com- ^U’”,y‘>t t0 milTioners (hall appoint; and in cafe of Non-payment thereof in Manner aforefaid, fuch Sum or Sums of Money (hall and may be levied and recovered from fuch Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies for the Time being, To t	*	9	**	(incited

543

Cottages to be held by Henry Shelley to the fame Ufes.

544

Allotments to Leffors to be held independent of their LefTeei.

Encroachments to be allotted to Pcrfons in Pofleflion thereof if the fame do not exceed their Allotment.

48* GEORG 11 III. Cap.36.

directed to pay the fame by fuch Ways artd Means as the Cods, Charge?,, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Aft can or may be levied and recovered, and the Receipt or Receipts of the faid Commiflioners (hall be a full and fufTicient Difcharge for all and every Sum and Sums of Money fo to be paid to the faid Commiflioners as aforefaid; and fach Sum and Sums of Money fo received by the faid Commiflioners (hall be by them paid to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the faid Manor to whom the fame fhall be due and payable, his, her, or their Heirs or Afligns, in cafe fuch Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies fhall be feifed of fuch Manor in Fee Simple; and in cafe fuch Lord Or Lords, Lady or Ladies fhall not be feifed thereof in Fee Simple, then and in fuch Cali fuch Sum and Sums of Money fhall be applied and difpofed of by the faid Commiflioners in Manner direfted by the faid recited Aft, w henever any Sum of Money is to be paid for the Purchafe or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Sum of Money ought to be laid out in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, and Elereditaments, to be fettled to the fame Ufes.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That all Allotments to be fet out and made by virtue of this Aft, in refpeft of any Property granted or demifed, or held by any Leafe or Leafes, Agreement or Agreements, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Twenty-one Years at Rack Rent, (hall be allotted to the refpeftive Leffors or Owners of fuch Property, and fhall be held and enjoyed by them refpec-tively, free from all Right, Title, and Interefl of their refpeftive LefTees or Tenants by virtue of or under fuch Leafes or Agreements, and fuch refpeftive Leffors or Owners fhall make fuch Abatement or Abatements of the Rent or Rents referred or made payable by fuch Leafe or Leafes, or Agreement or Agreements refpeftively, for or on Account of their taking fuch Allotments as the faid Commiflioners fhall adjudge and determine to be juft and reafonable, and fhall in and by their Award, or any other Writing under their Hands, afeertain, direft, and appoint.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That the faid Commiflioners fhall and they are hereby required in all Cafes where the fame can be done without Prejudice or Inconvenience to the adjoining MeffuageS, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to aflign and allot unto fuch Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, entitled and having Right of Common in, over, or upon the faid unincloftd Commons and Wafte Lands as are in Pofleflion of any fuch Encroachment or Encroachments, herein-before direfted to be deemed Part and Parcel of the faid Commons and Wafte Lands, all and every the Lands and Grounds comprized in fuch Encroachments refpeftively j and all Edifices and Buildings erefted thereon for or in Part of their Allotment or Allotments which fhall be made to them refpeftively by virtue of this Aft, unlefs it fhall happen that fuch refpeftive Encroachments fhall be greater, or more (Quantity and Quality confidcred) than the Allotment or Allotments would amount unto, which the faid Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, in the Pofleflion of fuch Encroachment or Encroachments refpeftively, would be entitled to, for, and in refpeft of their ancient Eftates, in which cafe a proportionable Part of fuch Encroachment or Encroachments fhall be dedufted from the fame refpeftively; and

545

tion of fuch Encroachments for the Purpofes aforehid, to eftimate the fame according to their original Value when in an open State, without any Regard to the Improvements made therein, or to the Value of the Edifices and Buildings (if any) which are ereiled or built thereon.

XX VI. And be it further ensiled, That if any Perfon (hall, during the No Sheep, Space of Seven Years from the Execution of the faid Award, keep or hambs, Cat-depafture, or permit to be kept or depastured any Sheep, Lambs, Cattle,

Hoifes, Affes, or Mules in any Allotment or Allotments to be made in Mules, to be purfuance of this AS (unlefs he, fire, or they (hall firft effeilually fence kept in the and guard the adjoining Allotment or Allotments belonging to any Pro- I“clofiire for prietor or Proprietors from any Injury or Damage to his, her, or their LVen tais’ Quickfets, or other new made Hedges or Fences), then and in every fuch Cafe, every Perfon fo offending upon Conviction thereof before any One of His Majefty’s Juflices of the Peace for the faid County of Suffix, on the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes (which Oath fuch Juffice is hereby empowered to adminifter), fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence the Sum of Forty Shillings, to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons fo offending, by virtue of a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of fuch Juftice at any Time within Two Calendar Months next after fuch Offence committed, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, after deducing the reafonable Charges of fuch Warrant, Diftrefs, and Sale to the Perfon or Perfons whofe Goods and Chattels fhall be fo diftrained and fold as aforefaid, and every fuch Penalty fo to be levied (h*ll be paid to the Perfon or Perfons injured.

XXVII.	And be it further en ailed, That where the Proprietor or Pro- Omiffions of prietors of any Lands or Hereditaments in refpeft whereof any Allotment Commif-(hall be made by virtue of this Adi fhall hold their refpe&ive Lands and |‘tl°"erVn Hereditaments by different Tenures for different Eftates or under different refpcct Titles, and where from Want of the neceffary Information before the faid to AUrtment* Commiffioners, or from any other Caufe, their Award lhall have omitted m;,de fof the diftinguiftiing and afeertaining of the Lands or other Hereditaments Heredita holden for each of fuch Eftates, and under each of fuch Titles refpec- m,)”s 'u^cr tively, and the fetting out and awarding of feveral and diftinct Allotments different Ti-fbr fuch refpeilive Lands or other Hereditaments as herein-before is re- tlesorEftatt* quired; and after the making of the faid Award, Requeft (hall be made ‘obe fuPPIied to the (aid Commiflioners, by any Perfon or Perfons interefted by Writing inftrument if under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, to have fuch Omiftion fupplied required.-by a feparate Infrrumenr, then and in every fuch Cafe the faid Commiffioners aic hereby authorized to do every Thing neceffary for fupplying every fuch Gmifflon, and fo far as that Purpofe (hall require to examine Witneffes, and in every other Refpeit to proceed and ait, as if the faid Award had not been made; and when they (hall have obtained what they (hall think fuffeient Information, they are hereby authorized by any Deed or Inftrument under their Hands and Seals to diftinguifh and afeertain the Difference of Tenures, Eftates, and Intereft refpectively, and to make diftinit and feveral Allotments in refpecl of the fame; and every fuch feparate Deed or Inftrument (hall be inrolled in the fame Place and in the fame Manner, and Evidence thereof (hall be given in the fame Manner as by the faid recited Ail and this Ail, or either of them refpeitively, is

jXfff. is* Ptr.)

6 r

directed

5 4&

Tor extin-jptifhinp; or Impending Rights of Common before Execution of Award.

Power to fill before Award.

Allotments to be fenced at the Expence

48s GEORGII Itt. Cap. 36.

directed concerning the faid Award of the faid Commiflioners, and ail Expences which fliail be reafonably incurred in or about any fuch feparate Deed or lnftrument as aforefaid, lhall be paid by the Perfon or Perfons who mall have fo requefted the faid Commiflioners to make and execute the fame, or by his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, or Adminiftrators} and every fuch feparate Deed or Inftrument lhall from and immediately after the due Execution thereof by the faid Commiflioners, and fuch Enrollment as aforefaid, have the fame ElFeft, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the Contents thereof had been inferted and contained in the faid Award*, and the fame lhall after futh Enrollment as aforefaid, be delivered unto the Perfon upon whofe Requelt any fuch Omiflion have been fo fup-plied, or to the Perfon or Perfons to whom the Cultody of the Deeds and Writings concerning the Title of the Premifes in Quel lion lhall, in the. Opinion of the faid Commiflioners lor the Time being, belong.

XXVIII.	And be it further enafted, That it lhall and may be lawful to and for the Commiflioners, and they are hereby required and authorized at any Time or Times before the Execution of their faid Award by Notice in Writing under their Hands, to be affixed upon the principal Doors of the faid refpective Parilh Churches, to order and direft all or any Part of the Rights of Common in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, or any Part thereof to be extinguifhed, or the Exercife thereof to be fufpaided for and during fuch Time or Times as lhall be exprefled in fuch Writing ; and all fuch Rights of Common as the faid Commiflioners lhall by fuch Writing order and dire& to be extinguifhed, or the Exercife thereof to be fufpended as aforefaid, lhall from the Time mentioned in fuch Writing affixed to the laid . Church Doors relpectively ceafe, determine, and be extinguiflacd, or the Exercife thereof lhall be fufpended accordingly j any Law, Ufage, or Cuftom thereof to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted. That if any Perfon or Perfons hath or have fold, or contracted, or agreed to fell, or fliall at any 'l ime before the Execution of the faid Award fell, or contract, or agree to fell his, her, or their Right, Inrerelt, or Property in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, to any other Perfon or Perfons, then and in every fuch Cafe, it fliall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to make the Allotment or Allotments of Lands unto the Vendee or Purchafer in every fuch Sale, Contract, or Agreement, or to feis, her, or their Heirs or Afligns for or in refpedt of fuch Rigi.t, Jntereft, and Property fo fold or contracted, or agreed to be fold as afon aid; and every fuch Vendee or Purchafer, and his, her, or their Ileirs and Afligns /hall and may, from and after the Execution of the faid Award, held and enjoy the Land fo to be allotted to him, her, or them as aforefaid, in the fame Manlier to all Intents and Purpofes as the Vendor, in every fuch Sale, Contra£t, or Agreement might, could, or ought to have held and r enjoyed the fame, in cafe fuch Sale,' Contraft, or Agreement had not been made, or fuch Right, IntercR, or Property had been veltcd in fuch Vendor, at the Time of making fnch Allotment or Allotments as aforefaid.

XXX.	And be it further enafted, That the fevcral Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act (hall be inclofed, hedged, ditched, 2nd fenced

bHr	by

486G£ORGir m. Cap. 38.	547

fey and at the Expence of futh refpeftive Proprietors, in fuch Manner and of. tli? Pro-within fuch Time, and fhall be from thenceforth kept in Repair in fuch Proportions as the faid CoiHiniffioners fhall in their faid Award order and miHione™*' direft.	fhall direft.

XXXI.	And be it further enafted, That ft fhall and may be lawful to Exchanges and for the faid Commiffioners to fet out, allot, and award any Lands, maf he Tenements, or Hereditaments whatfoever within the faid Panflies of "’***'• Thakeham, Sullington-, and Shipley, or any of them, in lieu of and in Exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatfoever within the faid Parifhes, or any of them, or within any adjoining

Parifh, Hamlet, Townfhip, or Place; provided that all fuch Exchanges be ascertained, fpecified, and declared in the faid Award of the faid Commiffioners, and be made with the Content of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which fhall be fo exchanged, whether fuch Owner or Owners,

Proprietor or Proprietors fhall be a body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Solt^ or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple, or for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtefy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life of Lives, or with the Confent of the Guardians, Truflees, Feoffees, for charitable or other Ufes, Hufbands, Committees, or Attornies of or afting for any fuch Proprietors or Owners as aforefaid, who at the Time of making fuch Exchange or Exchanges fhall be refpeftively Infants, Femes Covert, Luna-ticks, or under any other legal Incapacity, or who fhall be beyond the Seas, or otherwife difabled to aft for themfelves, himfelf, or herfelf, fuch Confent to be teflified in Writing under the Common Seal of the Body Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other Parties confenting refpeftively; and all and every fuch Exchange and Exchanges fo to be made fhall be good, valid, and effeftual in the Law to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever : Provided neverthelcfs, that no Exchange fhall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments held in Right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclefiaftical Benefice, without the Confent teftified as aforefaid of the Patron thereof, and of the Bifhop of the Diocefe in which fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo to be exchanged fhall lie or be fituate.

XXXII.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That the Cofls, Charges, Expences of -■and Expences attending the making and completing of all Exchanges and Exchanges, Partitions under the Powers and Authorities in this Aft, and the faid ^ to e recited Aft, or either of them contained, fhali be paid and borne by the F •feveral Perfons, Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, making fuch Exchanges or Partitions in fuch Manner and in fuch Proportions as the

faid Commiffioners fhall order and direft.

XXXIII.	And be it further enafted, That all the Lands and Grounds Allotment which fhall be allotted by virtue of this Aft to any Perfon or Perfons, for to be of the or in refpeft of any Mefluagcs, Cottages, Lands, or Grounds holden of fairfT?nure any Manor or Manors, by Copy of Court Roll, or for or in refpeft of fo/w^icb"0* any Leafehold Meffuages, Lands, or Tenements, or for or in refpeft of they are any Right of Common, or any other Right or Interefl, appendant or allotted* appurtenant to any fuch Copyhold or Leafehold Premifes, fhall, from and

tftcr the Execution of the laid Award, be deemed and taken to be Copy-c	hold

54$	4$‘GE0RGII	HI. Cap.$6.

how or Lcafchold refpeclivcly, and At ill be held as fuch by and under ffjrf lame Tenure, Reno, Payments, Fines, Ctrfloms, and Services as the Copyhold or Leafehold Kkfluagc-s, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements re* fpeclively, for or in refpect where >f luch Allotments fliall be made, are now or immediately before the Execution of the faid Award fliall be iiofden refpedtivefy ; and all and every Pcrfofl or Lesions Jo whom fuch Copyhold Lands and Premifes fhall be allotted as aforelaid fliall, within Six Calendar Months next after the Execution of the faid Award, be admitted Tenant or Tenants to the fame, without paying any Fine ©r Charge to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, or to the Steward or Stewards of the faid Manor (fave and except for the Stamp Duties and Parchment requifire to he ufed lor the Copies of fuch Admiffions refpec-fively), and fuch reafonable Fees to the respective Steward or Stewards of the faid Manor as the faid Conimiflioners by their faid Award fhall order and direct; but in cafe any Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Lands and Premifes fhall be allotted fhall die without Admiflion within the faid Six Calendar Months, then the cuftoinary Fines and other Payments (hall be •lue and payable on the Admiflion of the Perfon or Perlons entitled to fuch Lands and Premifes; and after every fuch firft Admittance, the Copyhold Lands and Premifes fo to be allotted as aforelaid fhall at all Times thereafter be held under and fubjedt to the fame Tenure, Fines, and other Payments as the prefent Copyhold Mefluages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements in refpedt whereof fuch Lands and Premifes fhall be allotted are now helu under and fubjedl to ; and the Lid Commillioners fliall and they are hereby required to determine, abutt, and deferibe in and by their laid Award, and in and by the Map or Plan to be thereunto annexed, all the Houfes, Buildings, Lands, and Tenements within the faid Manor, which are to be and remain Copyhold or Leafehold, and to ftate and fpecify of what Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, the fame arc rcipedlivcly to be holdcn.

With and Settlements not to be affected.

XXXIV.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That nothing m this A& contained fhall extend or be conflrued to extend to revoke, make void, alter, or annul any Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any Perfon or Perfons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Debt, or Incumbrance out of, upon, or affecting any ol the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be divided, allotted, or exchanged by viitue of this Act, or any Part thereof, but that each and every Proprietor fhall Hand and be fciled of the feveral Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to be allotted to or exchanged with him or her as aforefaid, to fgch and I he fame Ufes, and for fuch and the fame Eftates, and fubjedl to fuch and the fame Wills, Jointures, Rents, and Charges, and no other, as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whereof fuch Proprietor was l'eifed or poflefled at or immediately before the Execution of the Award to be made by the faid Conimiflioners, or for which or in refpedt whereof fuch Allotments or Exchanges fliall be made, would have been fubjtdl to be charged with or affedled by in cafe this Adi had not been made.

Comir.if-lioneri to pay their own Expellees.

XXXV.	Andbe it further enadled. That tlto faid Conimiflioners for the Time being fliall, at all and every of their Attendances or Meetings for putting this Adi into Execution, fevcrally and rdpedlively pay and dif-charge their own Expcnces, and that when and as loon as the laid intended Divificn and other Psrpoles el this Adi fliall be finilhed and

$	completed*

549

48° GEORG 11 III. Gap. 36.

completed, and the faid Commiffioncrs fhall have executed their faid Award, the faid Commiffioncrs fhall be paid and allowed each of them the Sum of Three Pounds and Three Shillings for each and every Day upon which he or they fhall have attended a Meeting or tranfafted Bufmefs * in, or for putting this Ad into Execution.

XXXVI.	And be it further enafted, That the Award by the faid recited Aft direfted, to be made by the faid Commiffioners, and fuch Map or Plan of the faid Pirifhes of Thakeham, Sullington, and Shipley, annexed thereto, fhall be inrolled according to the Directions of the faid recited Aft; and the faid original Award fhall be depofited in the Parifh Church of Thakeham, and Two Copies thereof, figned and attefled by the faid Commiffioners fhall be made. One whereof fhall be depofited and kepi in the Parifh Church of Sullington aforefaid, the other thereof in the Parifh Church of Shipley aforefaid; and the faid Award, and the faid Copies thereof, with the faid Maps and Plans and every other Copy of the faid Award, or of any Part thereof, attefted by the faid Commiffioners, or any Copy of fuch Copy fo depofited with the Clerk of the Peace as aforefaid, or of any Part or Parts thereof, attefted by the faid Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, for which Copy no more fhall be paid than Three-pence per Sheet, each Sheet containing Seventy-two Words, fhall from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter be admitted and allowed as legal Evidence of the Matters and Things therein contained in all Courts whatfoever.

XXXVII.	And be it further enafted. That Once at ieaft in every Year during the Execution of this Aft (which Year to be computed from the Day of the paffing thereof) the faid Commiffioners fhall and they are hereby required to make a true and juft Statement and Account of all Sums of Money by them received and expended, or due to them for their Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Aft; and fuch Statement and Account when fo made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, fhall be by them laid before any One of His Majefty’s Juftices of tHe Peace for the faid County of Sujfex, not interefted in the faid Divifion and Allotments, to be by him examined and balanced, and fuch Balance fhall be by fuch Juftice ftated in the Book of Accounts, to be kept at the Office of the Clerk to the faid Commiffioners, and no Charge or Item in fuch Accounts fhall be binding on the Parties concerned or valid in Law unlefs the fame fhall have been duly allowed by fuch Juftice.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall advance or pay any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purpofe of defraying all or any of the Expences of applying for and obtaining this Aft, and of carrying the fame into Execution, all fuch Perfons fhall be fully ftpaid the fame, together with Intereft thereon, after the Rate of Five Pounds 'for One hundred Pounds for a Year, out of the firft Money which fhall be failed fof the Purpofes of this Aft, fuch Intereft to be computed from the Time or refpeftrve Times of advancing or paying the faid Sum or Sums of Money to the Time or refpeftive Times of the Re-payment thereof.

XXXIX.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall think' himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved by any Thing done in tnirfuanee of this Aft, or the faid recited Aft (other than and except fuch Orders and Determinations of the faid Commiffioners or Umpires as ait

[Loc. $3* Per.]	6	Z	by

Award to lit depofited.

Commiffioners to lay their Accounts before a Juftice to be audited.

Money which may be advanced for obtaining or executing this Act to be repaid in the firft Place with Intereft.

Power ta appeal.

550

For faying tlie Lords and Ladies Rights as to Mines, Minerals, &c.

Saving Mano rial Rights.

4-5° GEORGII m. Cap-zb.

by tne faid recited Aft or this Aft declared to be final and conclufive; and except in fuch Cafes wherein an blue at Law fhall be tried as herein mentioned), then and in every fuch Cafe he, fhe, or they may appeal to the General Quarter Seflions of the Peace, which fhall be holden for the Weftern Divifion of the faid County of Suffex, within Three Calendar Months next after the Caufe of Complaint (hall have arifen, on giving to the faid Commifli oners; or either of them, and to the Party or Parties, Fourteen Days Notice of fuch Appeal and of the Matter thereof; and the JufticeS of the Peace aflembled at fuch General Quarter Seflions (not interefted in the Premifes), or at any Adjournment thereof, are hereby authorized to hear and determine the Matter of every fuch Appeal, and to make fuch Order therein, and award fuch Damages and Colls as to them in their Difcretion (hall feem reafonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Cods and Damages which (hall be fo awarded by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable or required to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels, after dedufting the reafonable Charges of fuch Warrant, Diftrefs, and Sale; and the Determination of the faid Juftices (hall be final and conclufive to all Parties concerned, and fhall not be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefs whatfoever, into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Reco.d at Wejt-minjier; but in cafe fuch Appeal (hall appear to the faid Juftices frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then and in every fuch Cafe the faid J uftices (hall award fuch Cods to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants as to them the faid Juftices in their Difcretion (hall feem reafonable, and fuch Cods (hall be levied in Manner laft aforefaid.

XL. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That nothing in this Aft contained (hall excend or be conftrued to extend fo as to defeat, leflen, or prejudice the Rights or Interefts of the faid Henry Shelley and Charles Lamb, and Elizabeth his Wife, or any or either of them, or of any other Perfon or Perfons as Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies for the Time being of the Manor aforefaid, in or to any Mines, Ores, Minerals, Stone, Rock, or Coal in or under the faid Commons and Wade Lands, or any Parc thereof; but that the faid Henry Shelley and Charles Lamb, and Elizabeth his Wife, and the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies for the Time being of the faid Manor refpeftively, and their refpeftive Leflees and Grantees, Agents, Servants, and Workmen may fearch for, work, dig, draw, raife, lodge, and carry away all Mines, Ores, Minerals, Stone, Rock, and Coal, as fully, freely, and effeftually, as if this Aft had not been pafled, making reafonable Satisfaftion and Recompence from Time to Time to the Perfon or Perfons poflefled of the Lands and Grounds for all Damage or Spoil that (hall be done thereto or to any Part thereof, by fearching for, working, digging, drawing, raifing, lodging, and carrying away the faid Mines, Ores, Minerals, Stone, Rock, and Coal, or any of them; and nothing in this Aft contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend fo as to leflen, prejudice, or defeat, the Right, Title, or Intereft of the faid Henry Shelley and Charles Lamb, and Elizabeth his Wife, or any or either of them, or any other Perfon or Perfons as Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manor aforefaid, \Vithin the Jurifdiftion or Limits whereof the Lands and Grounds hereby direfted to be divided, allotted, and inclofed are iituate, lying, and being, of, in, or to the Seigniories, Rights, and Royalties, Franchifes and Juriidiftions incident or belonging to fuch

Manor

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

Manor (other and except fuch as are meant or intended to be barred and deftroyed by this Adi), bu( the fame (hall remain in as full, large, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purpcfes, as they, he,- fhe, or any of them might, could, or, ought to have held and enjoyed the fame before the palling of this Adi, or in cafe the Dime had never been made.

XLI. Saving always to the King’s moll Excellent Majefiy, His Heirs General and Succelfors, and to all and every Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Corporate, &>v,,,g of Politick and Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs, Succelfors, Executors. ug u' Adminifirators, and Alligns, all fuch Right, Title, Eftate, and Interefl (other than and except fuch as are meant and intended to be barred by this Adt), as they, every, or any of them had and enjoyed, or were entitled unto, of, in, to, or out of the faid Commons and Wafie Lands, or any Part thereof, before the palfing of this Adi, or could or might have had or enjoyed before the palling of this Adi, or in cafe this Adi had not been made.

XLII. And be it further enadled, That this Adi lhall be printed by the Publick A£l. Printer to the King’s moll Excellent Majefiy, and a Copy thereof fo printed lhall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Jufiices, and others.

” *•:	*i'-M	jfiH	to	yr.,	_>	,i	..	.	a

LONDON : Primed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King'q moll Excellent Majefiy. x8o8.







.■	.«	'A	;•	I	n.-.;	0	5	^	‘

r> V j -	*■	'

.... • \>v.‘ - /.,•»

, I.

1*	-	-	...	t

* . V	-V	"{

t	.	;M	*v	.

. . •.

• ‘

f

. !wf» * .	V...	«Siah	.



t hi

’ * ‘



• ■

























	
	
	
	
	
	





ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

********** -*C******************************************

An A& to continue and amend Two Ads for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road at Wrotham Heath in the County of Kent, to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to Godjlone in the County of Surry.	[27thMay t808.J

WHEREAS, an Act was pafied in the Fifth Year of the Reign

of His prefent Majtfty, intituled. An At}for repairing, widen- cGj c 6t ing, and keeping in repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike 1 Road at Wrmham Heath in the County of Kent, to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to Goclftone in the County of Surrey: And whereas an Act was paffni in the Twenty-feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent M jelly, intituled. An A cl for enlarging the Term of an Aft of the Fifth Year fjG. 3. c. jt. of His prefent Maj fy, for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, tht Road leading from theTurnpike Road <j/Wrotham Heath in the County cf Kent, to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to Godftcne in the County of Sucrey: And whereas the Truflees appointed in or by virtue of the faid Adis have, in purfuance of the Powers to them thereby given, borrowed feveral confiderable Sums of Mont y upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby authorized to be colhdted, which Money fo borrowed {till remains due and owing; and the fame cannot be paid off, nor can the faid Road be tfTcdtually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unlefs the Term of the laid Adis be further continued, and the Powers and Provifions thereof altered, amended, and enlarged ; May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty That it may be enadled ; and be it enadled by the King’s rnoft Excellent Majefly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and \Loc. & Per.']	7 A	Temporal,

554-

Afts further continued.

Exemption i.

48* GEORG 11 III. Cap.n.

Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the faid recited Ads made in the Fifth and Twenty-feventh Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, and all the Toll}, Powers., Frovifions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things therein contained, (fave and except fuch Parts thereof refpec. tively as delate to Exemptions from Stamp Doties, and except fuch Parts thereof its are hereby varied, altered, rr ri pealed,) (hall be in full Force and Effeft, and (hall have Continuance for and during the Term hereinafter mentioned, as fully and effrdually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame were repeated and re-cna&ed in the Body of this Aft •, and this Ad, and the additional Term hereby grametl, (hall he fubj. d and liable as well to the Payment of all Money now due and owing on the Credit of the faid recited Ads or the Tolls thereby granted and ontinu d, as alfo to the Payment of all Sums of Money which (hall hereafter be b rrr'wed for the Purpofes of the faid recited Ads and this Ad, and of the I itercft due and to grow due for the fame refpedively.

II. And be it further enaded, That from and after the palling of this Act, no Toll (hail be demanded or received for any Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Cattle drawing any Carriage, going for or returning laden or unladen, having been laden only with Stones, Gravel, or other Materials for the repairing the laid Roads, or any of the Roads in the Pari(hes or Places in which the Roads hereby to be repaired, or any Part thereof, do lie •, or any Dung, Mould, Soil, or Compoft of any Kind, JChalk, Lime, Peat Alhes, and Soot excepted), for the manuring any Garden, or other Land or Grourd ; nor (hall any Toll, be taken, demand-ed, or received for any Horfe, Ma e, Gelding, Mule, or Cattle, going for the Purpofe of or returning from ploughing, lowing, tilling, or cultivating of any Land or Ground, or employed in carrying, or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying any Hay, Straw, Corn in the Straw, or Wood, nor fold or difpofed of, but to be laid up in theploufes, Outhoufes, Yards, or on the Premifcs of the Owner or Owners thereof, or for any Plough, Harrow, Dray, or ether Implements of Hulbandry, or for any Horfe, or other Bead or Cattle, going to or returning from Water or Pafture, or going to be, or leturn-ing from being (hoed or farried, or for any Horfes, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatfoever Drfcription, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expreff.s under the Authority of His Majefiy’s Pod Matter General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding fuch Mails or ExprelTes, or in returning back from conveying the fame, or for theHorfes of Soldiers on their March or on Duty, or Carriages or Horfes, or other Beatts employed tn carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of fuch Soldiers, cr for any I lot fe, Mare, or Gelding, furnittt-ed by or for any Ppfon belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exetcife, provided fuch Pcrfons are in the Uniform of their rcfpc&ive Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps refpedlivtly, at the Time of claiming fuch Exemptions, or for any Carriage, Horfe, or other Bead employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants travelling with legal Fades; nor (hall any Toll be demanded or taken from any Inhabitant, of any Parilh through which any Part of the laid Roid doth lie, who (hall pafs through any ot the faid Turnpikes to or 5	from

555

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

from his, her, or their refpedive Parifh Chun h or Chapel, or other Place of religious Word) ip tolerated by Law, on Sundays, or on Chrijtmas Day,

Good Friday, or any other D..y on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or who fh.ll attend the Funeral of any Perfon dying, and to be buried in any of thefaid Panlhes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from vifiting any lick Perfon, or upon other his parochial or minifterial Duty on a Sunday, or on Chriftmas Day, Good Friday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated ; nor fliall any Toll be demanded or taken for or in refpedof any Horfe, Cattle, or Braft, carrying any Pafienger, or drawing any Coach, Landau, B.-rlin, Chariot, Calalh, or Chair, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight orKnights of the Shire, to lerve in Parliament for the faid Counties of Kent and Surrey on the Day or Days of fuch Election, or on the Day before or Day after fuch Eledion {lull begin or be j concluded 5 and if any Perfon (hall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforefaid, not being entitled to the lame, or fhall make ufe of any Fraud whatsoever, whereby the Payment of the Tolls granted und continued by the laid recited Ads and this Ad, or any Part thereof,

(hall be evaded, every fuch Perfon (hall fur every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, whereof One Moiety (hall be applied to the Purpofcs of the faid recited Ads and of this Ad.

III. And be it further enaded, That if any Money (hall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands,Teuements, orHereditamenrs,purchaf:d, wh'en Mreed-taken, or ufed,by virtue of the Powers of the faid recited Ads and this Ad, ’fg 100 or any of them, for the Purpofes thereof, which fhall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Truft, Executor, Adminiftrator, Hufb.md, Guardian, Committee, or Truftee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, I liot. Lunatic, Feme, Covert, or Ceftuique Truft, or to any other Peribn whole Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in find or othe~ Settlement, or to any o her Peribn under any ether Difability or Incapacity whatfoever, fuch Money fhall, in cafe the fame (hall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundied Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Piivity of the Accountant General of the H gh Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Truftces, for executing the fata Ads and this Ad, to the Intent that fuch Money (h ill be applied under the Diredion and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, inthePurchafecr Redemption of the Lana Tax, or towards the Difcharge of anyD-bt or Debts, or fuch other E cumbrances or Part thereof, as thefaid C ;urt fhall authorize to be paid, affi-ding the fame L inds, Tenements, or Hereditaments,or affed ng oth' i Land', Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing fettled her with, to the lame or the like Ufes, Iivencs or Purpofes; and where fuch Money (hall not be lo applied, the fame fhall be laid out and invifted under the like Diredion and Approba ion of the faid Court in the Pur-chafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which fhall be conveyed or fettled to, for, and upon fu :h and the like Ufes, Trufts, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which fhall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid, flood ,f.*ttled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance

55&	48°	GEORG	11 III. Cap. 37.

veyance and Settlement fhall be exiting undetermined and capable of taking Efred; and in the mean Time and until fuch Purchale fhall be made, the laid Money fhall, by Order of the laid Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the faid Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchale of Three Pounds per Centum Confoiidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the faid Bank Annuities fhall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpoles afo'efaid, the Dividends or annual Produce of the Did Confoiidated or Reduced Bank Annuities fhall from Time to 'l ime be paid by Order of the faid Court, to the Pctfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, fo heteby air,ded to be pur-chafed, in cafe fuch Purchale or Settlement were made.

Under *ool. IV. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if any Money and not fo agreed or award'd to be paid for anv .Lands, Tenements, or Herediu-amounting to ments pUrchafcd, taken, or uled, tor the Purpofes alorefaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfon orPcrfons under any Dilability or Incapacity as aforefaid, fhali be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and fhall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes fuch Money fhall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lanns, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians,Committee or Committees, irr talc of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their relyective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name ancJ with the Privity of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and to be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner hercin-before direded, or otherwiie the fame fhall be paid at the -l.kc Option to Two Truftces, to be nominated ov the Perion or Perions making fuch Option, and approved of by Five qp more of the faid T.urtces (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be ft miied in Writing under the Hands ot the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that fuch Principal Money, and the Dividends arifing thereon, mas be applied in any Manner fuiein-before direded, fo far as the cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the laid Court of Chancery.

Under jc!. V. Provided alfo, and be it further enabled. That when fuel) Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned (hall be irfs than Twenty Pounds, then and in ail fuch Cafes the fame fliali be appl et! to the Ufc of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the L.ands,Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or uled, tor the Purpofes of the laid recited Ads and this Ad, in fuch Manner as the faid Truftces,oc anyFive or mere of them fhall think fit} or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy,then to his or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and far the Ufeand Benefit of fuch Perion or Perfons fo eniitlcd refpedively.

In rate of not VI. And be it further enaded. That in cafe the Perfon orPcrfons making out to whom any Sum or Sums of Money fhall be awarded for the Purchale purchasercu any Lands» Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed by virtue of not be found, the faid recited Ads and this Ad, or any of them, (hail refufe to accept the fame, or fhall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises,

557

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

tnifes, to the Satisfaftion of the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money (hall be fo awarded as aforefaid cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known ordifcovered,then and in every fuch Cafe it (hall and may belawful to and for the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of thpm, to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded as aforefaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (deferibing them) fubjeft to the Order, Controul, and Difpofttion of the faid Court of Chancery ; which faid Court, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, fhall be and is hereby empowered in a fummary Way of Proceeding or otherwife, as to the fame Court fhall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and invefted in the Publick Funds, and to order Diftribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpeftive Eftate or Eftates, Title or Intereft, of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto. and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court fhall feem juft and realonable; and the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England who fhall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

VII.	And be it further enaded. That where any Queftion fhall arife touching the Title of any Perfon or Perfons to any Money to be paid into the Bank, of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of this Aft, for the Putchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed in purluance of the faid recited Afts and this Aft, or any of them, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Monies, or to the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who fhall have been in PofTeflion of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon orPerlcns, or under the PofTeflion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, fhall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands,Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch PofTeflion, until the contrary fhall be fhtvtn to the Satisfaction of the faid Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Intereft of fuch Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, fhall be paid, applied and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it (hall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch PofTeflion was a wrongful PofTeflion, and that Tome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That where, by reafon of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands,Tenements,or Hereditaments to be purchafed by the •aid Truftees under the Authority of the faid recited Afts and this Aft, or any of them, the Purchafe Money for the fame fhall be tequiied

[Ifftr. & Per.]	7 B	to

Where any (iuellion (hall •rite as to lb* Title, the Perfon in Pof-feflion (hall be deemed entitled to the Purchafe Mo. nej.

The Court of Chancery may order reafun-aMe Expencts of Purchafes to be paid by the Trutteer.

55 8

Statute Work.

48° GEORG 11	111?	Odf.	37.	*

to be paid into the faid Court, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be fettled to the like Ufes in purfumce of th s Aft, it (ball be lawful for the faid Cburt to order the Exi'enecs of all Purchafcs from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of this Aft, or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Couft lhall deerii realonnblc, together with the nectfl'ary Cofts and Charges of obtaining fuch Order, to be paid by the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, who (hall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch PurpofcS as the laid Court (hall direft.

IX.	And be it further enafted. That all Perfons who by Law are or (hall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or lhall be chargeable towards repairing and armending the Roads by the faid recited Afts and this Aft, or any of them, direfted to be made, widened, and repaired, or any Part thereof, (hall (till remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore, and k lhall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the faid Counties of Kent or Surrey rn their refptftive Jurifdiftion*, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the faid Truftees, or by their Cferk or Surveyor by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part orProportion of theStatuteWork (hall for every Year be done upon the faid Roads by the Inhabitants of the refpeftive Parifoes or Places in which the faid Roads do lie, and alfo what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch Parifh or Place in lieu of or as a Compofition for futh Statute Work as aforefaid, (hall be by him, her, or them paid to the faid Truftees, or to their Tieaiurer; and in order thereunto, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juftices, from Time to Time to lummon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch Pari(h or Place, to bring in Lifts before fuch Juftices, (at fome Place to be exprefifed iii fuch Summons), within Fourteen Days after the lerving of fuch Summons, of die Names of the feveral Perfons who within fuch Panfh or Place are by Law fubjtft and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment r f any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work, diftinguiihing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otnerwife, and alio the Amount of the refpeftive Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names (hall be made in fuch Manner, and under fuch Regulations and Reftriftions as is, are, or may be direfted by any Law or Statute in foice and effoft for the Repair of the publick Highways, and out of fuch Lifts the (aid Juftices (hall and may allot, appoint, and order fuch and fo many of the Perlons who (hall appear to be fubjtft and liable to do Statute Work as aforefaid, to do fuch Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the faid Roads, as the faid Juftices (hall think reafonable, and the fame (hall be done on fuch Days and at fuchTimes (not being Hay-titne_or Harveft), and in fuch Parts of the faid Roads as the faid Truftees, or theirSur-veyor or Surveyors, (hall from Time to’ Timeoider, direft, and appoint; and the faid Juftices (haft and -may-alfo order and direft the Perfons who by fuch Lifts (hall appear to be fubjeft and liable to the Payment of any Money, in lieu of or as a Compofition for Statute Work as aforefaid, to pay fuch Proportion thereof as the faid Juftices (hall think proper, to the faid Truftees or their Treafurer, at fuch Time or Times as they the faid Juftices (hall direft, and in Default of Payment thereof, the fame fhall and mav be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the itfpeftive Perfons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as x	any

559

48'GEORGII III, Cap.w

any Penalty is by the faid recited Ads or either of them, authorized or direfkd ro be recovered ; and each and every Perfcn who fhall nCgled or refufe to do fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their laft or ufual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpofe, by any Surveyor of the faid Troflees, (hall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horfc or Horfes, Bead or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be fubjed and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as fuch Perfon or Perfons may be fubjed or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effcd, for the Repair of the publick Highways ; and if any Perfon who (hall come to work as a Labourer, or fhall be fcnt with any Team or Draught to work on the laid Roads, (hall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the faid Trudees, fuch Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Perfon who fhall be found idle or negligent as aforefaid ; and in that Cafe every fuch Perfon fhall be fubjed and liable to the refpedivc Forfeitures and Payments aforefaid, as if he had negleded or rcfufed to come, or fuch Team or Draught had not been L-nt to work on any Part of the faid Roads, all which Forfeitures fhall be paid to the Treafurer to the faid Trudees, and applied towards the amending of the faid Roads; and in cafe the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the faid Pjrifh,« or Places fhall refufe or wilfully negled to give in fuch Lids as aforclaid, or fhall knowingly or wilfully give in falle or imperfed Lids, every lu< h Surveyor fo offending (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum nut exceeding Forty Shillings.

X.	And be it further enaded. That all the Cods and Charges incident to and attending the obtaining and pafling of this Ad, (hall be paid out of any Money colleded or received by virtue of the faid recited Ads and this Ad, or any of them, upon the faid Roads, in preference to all other Payments whatlbever.

XI.	And be it further enaded. That this Ad (hall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Ad, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpeciaily pleaded.

XII.	And be it further enacted. That the faid recited Ads (fubject to the Alterations and Amendments herein contained) fhall continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Refidue now to come and un-exptred of the Terms granred by the faid recited Ads, and from the Expiration thereof for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Seffion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty. 1808.

■ l0'? ‘ 1

Expencei of the Act.

Publick Act.

Commerce, inent and Continuance of Act,

m

io	basin ),-s ,nnrtito wfcit ,u *0A tan’ i Nj$ t \t1 it '(tic. 1 vr*

■

•«’£» /	«biA	<	r	OlMl/bl

' ’ r. H -,t; Vw*S UVilo IV*-'	■•?*'•	tv?.!	.fill	i	ill	Ibl'to

J «*•.,•;•= :J« ?U	ifltb JpH	,wtf-

-	,	’	!	■	■ . ■	""'i	l	I	-•	i',.-

V&tj'iuln V,»t.	^	i*	.	'ft ..	•.	i‘fe;	-t;iK	I	*>	tr

\ .'.i n.■ S (to^ tn. ,#vr*ti. 1,w?»S 1 t it i

o) n - o rsoii.lv i ■ . „j ,	:	-i.il.Jjaan. t .pk ad

rfio'/ &} jri; i . iQ to /'•c'jT unit rfih nj) aa ti rft o ,t'n.jo(, J. «.*« tfn&r -

limujbr. >r ux	;*{<*> .'{$*•'1» < W < •- ■«' 4	"	*'t

' .'t:	'	:	:	9-.1	•	'.	"	J	I1	I	•	I

- ' - :	.	•	:	f,	n	.1	;•	•

■-) b-in.	i	'	■	-	■' -. ,	;	Cf,	i	:	rrt	-	a-:	t

diSHlI .Hi iriii! m;>

i.i . i	.*	iu	•	>*108	•'	3	Si	.t;

...

\ V , :	'	I	.'i-.-4j.9i	it .-0 {at. (i .j

■ ; '!ft unif'i i«H *w|	' > . .:*<	*>	j	%» .-*i

wi<\;	VsJ}	'm« >! >*• 1 ’• • t IteHi ^nuft ■



*0 •■? ■* rJ *

.

'

uti Li.. ... tin" .	■	>	■	r.iTO^c.- Au*i

'ti-tF :	ix	aim	k	•	t:	-j	it	-	:	•< in bftrifl “»!

t-f*>*•!»/	•	l	.’	;	•	ffi	•vir	’VwroI	>.	tft - i

ji- . . trt?i \ v ti/i. lAv-tt.. r-v. ’. bvut s»-b or bnliSti J tit L.:

rtf »sri ’T •nr?!A \» iffrrt.......’•! r; r?

■ i'-' A ooi" I trtft/rft. jH 3!‘4*7 ■ '.'i ’ A ■	■	■	;

i

anf ii jy.t/H .loftwow t • > ~ 4™?^! j



r

ANNO QU ADR AGES IMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

***###*t**#*##*#**#3M***##***#*****#**#********

Cap. 38.

An A<£1 to continue the Term and alter the Powers of Two Ads for repairing the Road from the Mansfield and Ghefierfield Turnpike Road to Buntingfield Nook, in the County of Derby j and for making a new Road from Tupton Nether Green, to Stub-bing Edge Lane and KnotCrofs, in the faid County.

[27th May 1808.]

WHEREAS an Aft was pafled in the Sixth Year of the Reign

of His prelent M..jefty King George the Third, intituled. An jg.j c.s-. Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Mansfield and Chcftcr field Turnpike Road, near the Nine Mile Stone front Mansfield, through Temple Nortnantun, Tupton New Inclcfure, and Bukin Lane, to Buntir.gfield Nook in the Partjh of Alhover in the County of Derby :

And whereas another Ad was palled in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His faid Majelty, intituled, An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ad, paged in the Sixth 2'ear of the Reign of His prefent 2*G'3* r' *** Majefty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Roadfrom the Mansfield and Chcfterfield 'Turnpike Road, near the Nine Mile Slone from Mansfield, through Temple Nurnianton, Tupton New Inclofure, and B.rkm Lane.ro Buntingfie'd Nook in the Parifh oj Afhover in the County of Derby: And whcreasiheTiuftees appointed ,n and by virtueofthe faid Aft* have made great Progrefs in the Execution the'eof, and t ate for that lJui-\Loc. ft? Per."]	7	C	u	pofe

562

Term enlarged.

Plnn and Book of Reference.

4&° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

pofc borrowed confiderable Suras of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, but find that the Money fo borrowed cannot be repaid} nor the Road properly amended and kept in iufficient Repair, unlefs the Term granted by the laid Adis be continued, and the Powers and ProvL fions thereof amended and enlarged: And whereas it would be a great Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and of publick Utility, if a new Road were made, branching out of and from the faid Turnpike Road, at or near to a Place called Tupicn Nether Green, oiherwife Tupton New Inclcjurc, and proceeding from thence to a certain Wood called Britton Wood, and from thence through fundry inclofed Lands belonging refpec-tively to the Right Honourable Sir Jofepb Banks Baronet, and Knight of the mod Honourable Order of the Bath, Sir Thomas Windfor Hunloke Baronet, and to George Allen Efquire, unto and as far as the aforelaid Mansjield and Kel/Udge Turnpike Road, fo as to join the fame at or near the Bottom of Stubbing-edgeLatu, and from the faid laft mentioned Turnpike Road unto a certain Place called Knot Crofs, in the Parith of AJbover aforelaid, and included under the Powers and Provifions of the faid recited Ads and this Ad; May it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enacted; and be it enaded by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent Gf the Lords Spiiitual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the faid recited Ads pafitd in the Sixth and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of His prefenr Majefty, and all and every the Powers, Provifions, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, Matters, and Things therein contained, (except fuch as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and fuch as are by this Ad repealed, varied, or altered), ihall be and continue in full force and effed, and be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, not only for the Purpofes of the faid	but alfo for the Purpole of fetting out, making, amending,

widening, turning, altering, diverting, improving, and keeping in Repair the faid new and additional Road, or Branch of Road, herein-before particularly mentioned and deferibed, as fully and effedlually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the faid new and additional Road or Branch of Road had been originally included in the faid recited Adis, and as if the fame Claufes, Powers, Provifions, Matters, and Things, were repeated and re-enadted in the Body of this Adi, but fubjedt neverthelefs to the Amendments and Alterations herein contained ; and this Act and the additional Term hereby granted Ihall be and are hereby declared to be fubjedt and liable to the Payment of all the refpedtive Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit or on Account of the faid recited Adts, and alfo of fuch other Sum or Sums of Money as may be borrowed for the Purpofes of the laid recited Adts and of this Adt, and of all Intercft now due and to grow due for the fame refpec-tively, in Manner herein-after mentioned.

II. And whereas a Map or Plan, deferibing the Line of the Lid new Branch of Road, and the Lands through which the fame is to be carried, together with a Book of Reference containing Lifts of the Names of the Owners or reputed Owners and Occupiers of inch Lands, have b^cn depo-fited at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Derby; be it therefore enafted, That the faid Map or Plan, and Book of Reference, fhall remain in the Cuftody of the Cleik of the Peace for the faid County, to the End that all Perfons may, at any feafonable Times, have Liberty to infp- ft and perufe the fame, and to take Copies or Extrafts thereof at

8	their

4fi6 GEORGII in. Cap.28.	f%-

their Will and Pleafhre, paying‘the Clerk of the Peace- the Sum of OnS Shilling for every fuch Iftlpeftion, and after the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words of fuch Copies Or Extfafts of the faid Map of Plan and Book of Reference ; and that the faid Truflees in making the faid new Branch of Road (hall not deviate more than One hundred Yards of Three Feet each from the Line defcribed in the faid Map or Plan, without the Confent. and Approbation ip Writing of the Perfon or Perlons,

Body Politick', Corporate, or Collegiate, through whofe Lands or Grounds fuch Deviation fliall be made.

III. Provided always* and be it further ena&ed.'That ft (hall ^nd may be ^‘^Roart^7 lawful to and for theLaid Truftees to make the faid Branch of Road into, through through, acrofs, or over the feveral Lands or Grounds of any Perfon or o™Vd?«»e Perfous who is dr are or may be Owner or Owners of Land over which the not in Book fame is fet out and defcribed in the faid Map or Plan as aforefaid, although of Reference, the Name or Names of fuch Perfon or Perfoni may happen to be omitted in rhe faid Book of Reference* in cafe it (hall appear to any Two or more juftices of the Peace for the faid County,, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that Licit Error orOmiffion proceeded from Miftajce.

iVi And be it further enabled, That (Seorge'Allen, fhorhas AjlUy Clerlf, NewTruftecfc the Right Honourable Sir Jofepb Banks Baronet, and Knight of’ the mo ft Honourable Order of the Bach, Thomas- Barker, John Barker,

<jeorge Bofley Clerk, William Bagsh'a-uo Clerk, Mount ague Blackwell^ James Bofs’e , John Bower, William Barn ford, John Mellcr Brown, John Boler,

Samcel Browne, John Browne, John Bunting, Thomas Bower, Thomas Bower the younger, Jofepb Butler, Jofepb Bee, John Cock, John Cb'arge, Jame Croft, John Cart ledge, John Tat ton Cartledge, Joftah Claugbton, Jobs Clayton, William Crefmcke, Richard Cal ton, Thomas Dutton, John Dutton, Samuel Dutton, John Dixon, Pyut Denton, Jobn Elam, Francis Eyre>

Thomas Field Clerk, George Fletcher DobtorofPhyfic, William Biirgotne, Fer-nell, Jafper Fidler, Philip Cell, Jofepb Graham, William Gelt, Charles Gladwin, George Gojling, Jofepb Gratton Malcfter,. Jofepb Grattan Mercer,

William Gill, Richard Gillett, John Gregory, Sir Thomas IVindfor Hunloke Baronet, James Hunloke, Thomas Hallows, John Heaton, Edward lleathccte Clerk, George Holcombe Clerk, Jofepb Hindi, Mark Hewitt, Richard Roundel Hurwood, Jofepb Hoole, Avery Jebb, JoJhua Jebb, Richard Jtbb, Thomas Inman,

John Inman, Rickards lnce, Thomas Knowlton, Cbailcs Kinder, Clement Kynnerf-ley, William Alwood Lord, William Lang, Robert Lowndes, Bernard Lucas Junior, Thomas Lowndes, Anthony Lax Maynard, William Milnes, John Mikes, Robert Malkin, Henry Malkin, Marmaduke Middleton Middleton,

William Mellor, Thomas Macdonagh, Robert Milward, Robert Mafon, John Muglifion, George Mugliflon, Richard Wood Neville, Jofepb Nall, John Nut tall, George Nut tall, William Paitfon, Jarvis Prince, John B.ooth, Benjamin Rootb, Robert Rodgers, John Rodgers, William Robinfon the younger,

Sitwell Sitwell, Adam Barker Slater, Jonathan Stokes ILiftor of Phytic,*

Lawrence Short Clerk, Thomas Smith, William Smith, Ebenezor Smith, John Smith, Jofpb Storrs, William Stubbing, Robert Shirt, Thomas Sykes, George Taylor, Wolton Byrchw/haw Tbrmas, John Twtgg, William Waller, Robert Waller, William Wingfield, Jfaac WilkUtfon, John Wilkinfon, Wifi am Wright,

John White, Adam Wo’ley, John Walker, JohnWood Clerk, Robert Wood, and William Wray, being qualified according to the Direftionsot'chefaid recited Afts, lhall be and they are hereby added to and joined with the Truftees appointed



After the new Branch >9 made the Funds to be 4)iltin£t, and applied to the Payment of old ard new Mortgages reflectively, without any Priority.

Tolls to be taken on the new Btanch of Road.

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 38.

pointed in or by virtue of the faid recited Ads; and that the Truftees hereby appointed, together with the furviving and remaining Truflees appointed in or by virtue of the laid recited A£ts, (hall be and ate hereby empowered to put the faid recited Acts and this Acl in Execution, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if they had been appointed in or by virtue of the faid recited Acts.

V.	And be it further enabled, That until the faid new Branch of Road fhall be made and completed, for the PafTage of Horfes, Cattle, Carts, and Carriages, on the Time, the Tolls authorized by the faid recited Ads to be taken on the Roads therein mentioned, (hall be colk&ed and received by and on the foie Account of the feveral Perfons who have advanced Money on the Credit of the faid Ads; and that from ai d after the f.iid Branch of Road, or fuch Part and fo much thereof as extends from the faid Tupton Netber Green to the faid Mansfield and Keljlidge Turnpike Road, (ball be made and completed, and Tolls adually taken thereon, the Tolls direded to be taken on the Roads comprized in the faid recited Ads, and on the faid new Branch of Road refpedively, fhall thenceforward bediflind and feparate Funds, and be paid and applied in Payment and Difcharge of the Intereft due and to become due to the Creditors of the different Roads refpedively, without any Preference or Priority whatfoever.

VI.	And be it further enaded. That after the faid Branch, or fuch Part thereof as aforefaid, fhall be made, there (hall and may be demanded, taken, colleded, and received, at the feveral and refpedive Gates, or Turnpikes, which fhall be ereded upon, acrofs, or by the Side of the faid Branch of Road, the following Tolls and Duties i that is to fay,

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Sociable, Charior, Curricle, Calafh, Hearfe, Chaifc, Phaeton, Whifkey, Gig, Chair, or Taxed Cart, and every other Carriage cn Springs, drawn by Six Horfes, or other Beafts, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence ; and drawn by Four Horfes, or other Beafts, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence •, and drawn by Two Horfes, or other Beafts, the Sum of Nine-pence; and for every Chaife or Chair, drawn by One Iiorfe, or other Beaft, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny.

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Six Inches, drawn by Six or more Horfes, or other Beafts, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence; but if the Wheels fhall run in a Track, the Breadth of which fhall be cither on the Ouifide under Four Feet Five Indus, or on the lnfide above Five Feet Eight Inches, then the Sum ot Two Shillings; but if the Axle-tree, Bullies, and Wheels, of fuch Carriages, are made perfectly cylindrical, then the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence.

For every fuch Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, as aforefaid, drawn by Five Horfts, the Sum of Two Shillings; but if the Wheels run in either of the before-mentioned Tracks, then the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence -, and if the Axle-trey, Bufhes, and Wheels, are made in Manner aforefaid, then the Sum of One Shilling.

For every fuch Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, as aforefaid, drawn by Four Horfes, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; but if the Wheels

run

56S

I

t iI 1

ch

id,

ci

ik

sib,

ind

Is,

let,

IWB i

tor

stun

non

bet,

idtk

Jtti,

r<»

ui

nil

W

*“

ii If

4

Hi

4> GEORG 11 III. Cap. 18.

run in either of the before-mentioned Tracks, then the Sum of One Shilling, and if the Axle-tree, Bulhes, and Wheels, are made in Manner afoiefaid, then the Sutn of Eight-pence, for eveiy fuch Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, as aforefaid, drawn by Three Horles, the Sum of One Shilling, but if the Wheels run in either of the before-mentioned Tracks, then the Sum of Eight-pence, and if the Axle-tree, Bulhes, and Wheels, are made in Mariner afore-laid, then the Sum cf Sixpence.

Tor eveiy fetch Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, as afoiefaid, drawn by Two Horfes, the Sum of Eight-pence, but if the Wheels run in either of the before-mentioned Tracks, then the Sum of Sixpence, and if the Axle-tree, Bulhes, and Wheels, are made in Manner aLrcfaid, then the Sum of Four-pence.

For every fuch Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carnage, as aforefaid, drawn by One Horfr, the Sum of Four-pence, but if the Wheels run in either of the hrfere-memioned Tracks, then the £um of Three-pence, and if the Axl<-t ee, Bulhes, and Wheels, are made in Manner aforefaid, then the Sum ot Two-pence.

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof ot lefs Breadth than Six Inches, drawn by Four EJorles, or other Bealls, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and if drawn by Three Horles, or other Beads, the Sum of One Shilling and Nine-pence.

For every fuch Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, as lad-mentioned, drawn by Two Hotfes, or other Beads, the Sum of One Shilling, but if the Wheels run in either of the before-mentioned Tracks, then the Sum of Sixpence, and fi r every fuch Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, as lad-mentioned, diawn by one Horle, or ether Bead, the Sum ot Sixpe ice, but if the Wheels run in either of the before-mentioned Tracks, then the Sum of Three-pence, and if the Axle-tree, Bulhes, and Wheels, are made in Manner aforefaid, then the Sum of 1 wo-pence. For every Horle, Mare, Gelding, Mule or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Hilfpenny.

For every Pair of Mill Stones, or Block or Blocks of Stone, or Timber, draxn by Four or more Horfcs, or orher Bealls, the Sum of Three Shillings and Sixpence.

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sjm of Ten-pence per Score, and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Number: And,

For every Drove ot Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Scare ; and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Number.

Which Did Tolls fhall be, and the fame are hereby veded in the Trudces for executing the faid recited Afts and this Aft ; and the fame and every Parc thereof fhall be collected, recovered, levica, paid, afligned, leffened, and varied in fuch and the'fame Manner, and by fuch and the fume Ways and Means, and with fuch Remedies for Non-payment < r Evafkin thereof, and with fuch Pbwers, Provifions, and Redriftions as are contained in the faid recited Afls refpefling the Tolls thereby granted and made payable, except fo far as fuch Poweis, Provifions, and Reltdftions are by this Aft varied or altered.

7	D

Tolls veiled in the Trultees, and'may be recovtred, flee, in the fame Manner as the Tolls granted by the faid & are to be recovei ed.

[.Loc.	Per.]

VII. Pro-

5^6	480	GEORGII	HI.	Cap.	38.

One Toll cnly pavaMeon the ntw Bianch.

VIf. Provided nrverthelefs, and be it further enacted. That if there fhdl be more than One Toll Gate ere&ed upon the faid new Branch of Road, no Perfon having paid the Toll at one of the faid Toll Gares, fhall be li-bleon the fame Day to pay Toll at any other Toll Gate erected or to be ereded upon the faid new Branch of Road for palling with the fame Cattle or Carnages, inch Perlon producing a Note or Ticket denoting fuch Payment; which Note or Ticket the C'dledors of the Tolls are hen by required to gtvc gratis on Demand on Receipt of the faia Tolls i Piovided alio, that no Toll Gate or Bar fhall be ereded on any Part of the faid new B anch of Road between Britton IVood Nock and the Jundion of the new Branch of Road with the prelent Road at Tupton Nether Green.

General Exemptions.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That no Toll fhall be demanded or taken for any Waggon', Wains, Carrs, Carriage', Horfes, or other Beafts employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convev, cr returning empty from carrying or conveying, any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the Lid Road, or any of the Roads in the Townfhips or Pariihes in which any Part of fuch Road doth lie, or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Scraw only, not fold or dif-pofrd of, but paffing to be laid up or placed in the Outhoufes, or on tie Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Waggons, Wairs, Carts, Carriages- Horfes, or other B.'afls employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning empty from carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Hufbindry.or any Mould, Dung, Compofl, or Manure (Lime excepted) employed in Hulbandry, for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands; or for any Lime to b' uf d folely in manuring or improving Lands or Grounds within any Townihip or Parifli liable to do Statute Wotk on any Part cf the new Branch of Road hereby directed to be made, provided that fuch Lime arife, be got, made, and ufed in rhe fame Townfhip or I'atilb, and not elfcwhtre ; cr for any Ho fes or Cattle going to or returning from Pallute cr Watering Places, or going to be, or returning from being fhoed or tarried; or from any Perfon going to or returning from his proper Parochial C.hurch, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worfl.ip, tolerated by Law on a Sunday\ or on any other Diy on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be eelebratt d, or attending the Funeral of any PeTon that (hall die and be buiied in any of the laid Pariihes; or from any Curare going to or returning from vifiting any lick Perfon, or upon ether his Minliferial Duty, on a Sunday, < r on any other Div on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated , or for any Horfes, Cattle, o'Carriages of whatfoever Defcription employed, or to be employed, in conveying the Mails of Letters and ExprcfTes under the Authority of His Majefly’s Port Mailer General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding fuch Mails or Expreffcs, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horfes, Carts, or Waggons attending any Soldiers upon their Match, or on Doty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any lloife, Mare, or Gelding fui-nifhed by or for any Perlon belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry, or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning f om the Place of Exercile, provided fuch Perfons are in the Uniform of their re-fpeftive Corps, and have their Atms, Furnituic, and Accou rements, 5	according

4.8° G E O R G11 III. Cap. 38.	567

according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps refpedively at the Time cf claiming fuch Exemption as aforefaid; or for any Horfes, Carts, or Waggons employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants fent by legal Pa fie* • or for any Horle, Cattle, or Bead drawing any Coach, Landau,

Berlin, Chariot, Calalh, or Chair, or anv Paflenger on horleback going to or returning from any Elcdion of a Member to ferve in Parliament for the Paid County of Derby; or for any Horfe, Beall, or Carriage laden with Charcoal or Irontlone only, belonging to the Proprietors of the Iron Works at Winger werth in the laid County of Derby ; and if any Perfon or Petfons lhall claim or take the Benefit of any of the aforefaid Exemptions, not being legally entitled thereto, every fuch Perfon or Per-fons lhall for every Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

IX.	And be it further enabled, That if after any Adjournment of the Meetings on Trultces it lhall at any Time be thought necelfary that there fliould be an JUISe" earlier Day of Meeting than the Day appointed by luch Adjournment, in

that Cafe the Clerk to the faid TruhetS, by an Order in Writing figned by Five or more of the ading Trultees, mentioning the l ime, Place, and Purpole of fuch Meeting, (hall forthwith give Notice, by Writing affixed on all the Toll Gates then ereded by virtue of the faid recited Ads and of this Ad, or by Advertifement in the Derby Newfpaper, of the Time,

Place, and Purpole, which lhall be mentioned in the Order of the faid Trultees, fuch Time not being Itfs than Seven Days after fuch Notice, and huh earlier Meeting lhall and may be held accordingly; and all the Proceedings of the Tiufiees at all fuch Meetings (ball be as valid and effcdu.il as if luch Meetings had been held in puifuance of Adjournment.

X.	And whereas an Ad was palled in the Fifch Year of ihe Reign of s c. 3- c. 90. His prelcnt Majcltv, intituled. An Aft for repairing and widening the Road

from the Alf eton Turnpike Road near a Place called Little Robins, in the Parijb of Maos,field, in the County of Nottingham, through Woolley Moor to the Nottingham Turnpike Road near Tanfley, in the County of Derby, and frtm Woolley Moor to the Chefterfieid Turnpike Road at Kelltidge, in the faid County e/'Dirby: And whereas another Ad was pallid in thcTwenty- 18 G- 3. 0*7. eighth Year of the Reign of His prelent Majefty, intituled. An All for reviving. continuing, and enlarging the Term and Powers cf an Atl made in the Fifth Ttaref the Reign cf His preftni Majefty King George theTbird,for repairing and widening the Road from the AlPeton Turnpike Road near a Place called Little Robins, in tie Parr/^c/Mansfield, in the County ^Nottingham, through Woolley Moor to the Nottingham Turnpike Road near Tanfley, in the County of Derby, and from Woolley Moor to the Chelterficld Turnpike Road at Keif, tidge, in the faid County cf Dei by: And whereas Horfcs and Carriages cravel-lingon the intended new Branch ot Road herebydirecled to be made will pafs and repafs fiom or near the Bottom of Stubbing-edge Lane afore aid, where the laid intended new Branch of Road will join to and communifcate with the faid Road in the faid lall recited Ad' mentioned, unto and as tar as Kelflidge aforefaid, under the Care ot the Trultees appointed by the laid lalt recited Ads : And whereas, in confldirauon of the great Advantage which the faid Cwny°r<:non intended new Branch of Road will produce to the Neighbourhood thereof, Tr aders of° the faid lalt mentioned Trultees have, at one of their Meetings, agreed to Mansfield and divert the Courfc ot the Road under their Care at or near Coppice Chain, Roads,2*

and

S68

'48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 38.

and make the fame more level than it is at prefent, and to nsrmit Horft* and Carriages going to or from the laid intended new Bianch of Road to pal's alonsr the faid Piece of Road Toll-free, on Condition of receiving the annual Sum of Twenty-five Pounds from the Truftees for executing this Aft, as a C.ompofition for the Tolls that would be payable for fuch Horfes and Carriages; be it therefore enafted, That after the faid new Branch of Road, or loch Part thereof as aforefaid, (hall be made, there (hall be yearly and every Year paid by and out of the Tolls to be collected and received upon the faid new Branch of Road under the Authoiity of this Aft, to the Treafurer of theTiuftees of the faid Mansfield, and Kelftidge Turnpike Road, or fuch other Pcrfon or Perfor.s as they lhall authorize to receive the lame, the clear Sum of Twenty-five Pounds, which fhall be accepted by them as a Compofition for the faid free Paflage granted by them on the faid Piece of Road hertin-before defcribtd, and a!fo for the Diverfion and Alteration agreed to be trade and performed by them upon the afotelaid Part of the faid Mansfield and Kel/tidge Turnpike Road.

Ccrnpofi-	XI. And be it further enafted, That the faid Compofition or annual Sum

tion, v hen	0f	Twenty-five Pounds	fhall not begin to be payable as	aforefaid,	until

How to be'0	the aforefaid Part of the	faid Mansfield and Kelfiidge Turnpike	Road	lhall

recovered. be fu diverted, and well and fufficiendy levelled, repaired, and amended, nor until the laid new Branch of Road, or fuch Part thereof as aforefaid, fhall be completed, and Tolls lhall begin to be received thereon, or until the fame fhall be opened for Paffage of Hctfes and Carriage5, (Notice in Writing whereof fhall be delivered by the Clerk or Treafurer of the faid new Branch of Road to the Truftees afting under the faid Afts telitive to the Mansfield and Kelftidge Turnpike Road, within Seven Days after fuch Toll (hall begin to betaken); but fuch Compofition (lull be computed from the Day whereon the Polls fhall begin to be paid, and fhall be	paid on the fame	Day in every fucceeding Year;	and	in Default

of	fuch Payment for	the Space of Thirty Days after	the	fame	lhall

from Time to Time become due, fuch annual Sum of Twenty-five Pounds or any Part thereof, fhall and may be recovered from the Truftees appointed in and by this Aft, or from their Treafurer for the Time being, by Aftion ( f Debt or on the Cafe, in any of H.s Meg fly’s Courts of Record at Weftminfier, in the Name of the Treafuier or Tiea-furers for the Time bcintt, of the laid Mansfield and Kelfiidge Turnpike Road, againft the Trealuter for the l ime being of the laid Truftees for executing this Aft ; and the laid Sum of Twenty-five Pounds (hall be applied and difpofed of in fuch and the fame Manner as the Tolls payable by virtue of the faid Two lalt recited Afts, are direfttd to be applied and difpofed of.

p f __ ^ XII. ,Andbe it further enafted. That no Preference fhall be given to any to 1 e given to PerfonorPe funs, who hath or have heretofore advanced and lent, or at Mortgagees. ar)y Time or Times hereafter, (ball advance and lend any Sum or Sums of Money upon thr Credit or the faid funner Afts or of this Ac.', in refptft to the P. lorrty of advancing fuch Sum or Sums, but all Furious to whom any Mortgages or Aflignments have been, or fhall hereafter be made, lhall • be in Proportion to the Sum or Sums therein mentioned, Creditors in equal Degree one with another; and in calc any Creditor fhall, by hjeft-mtnr, or o her due Coutle of Law, recover, or get Pofielfton of all or any of the Tull B.rsur Tolls, to becoftefted by virtue of the former Afts or of

this

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 38.	569

this Aft, he (lull be deemed to hold the fame in Truft for the Benefit of himfelf and all other the Creditors of the laid former Afts and this Aft, in an equal Degree, and fhall account for and pay all the Money he fhall receive amongft all the Creditors or Mortgagees, in Proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money advanced on their Paits refpeftively, on the Credit of the faid Tolls.

XIII.	And be it further enafted, Thatfomuch of theCofls, Charges, and For payinrthe

Expences of obtaining and palling this Aft, and preparatory thereto, as	of

is confequent upon a Renewal of the faid recited Afts, fhall be paid and difeharged by the faid Truftees out of any Money already collefted or received, or hereafter to arife by virtue of the faid firfl recited Afts or

this Aft, on the Road direfted to be repaired by the faid Afts; but that all Expences in anywife confequent upon, or occafioned by the faid new Branch, or the Introduftion of the fame into this Aft, fhall be paid and difeharged by and out of the Money fubferibed as aforefaid, or to be hereafter borrowed for that Purpofe, upon the Credit of the Tolls and Duties hereby granted and made payable on the laid new Branch of Road.

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Truftees may fue and Truftees may be fued for or concerning any Thing to be done, or omitted to be done,

by virtue or in purfuance of the Directions of the faid former Afts and Name of their this Aft, in the Name of their Treafurer for the Time being, and that Treafurer. no Aftion or Suit to be brought or commenced by the Direction of or againft the faid Truftees in the Name of their Treafurer, fnall abate or be difeontinued by the Death or Removal of any fuch Treafurer, nor by the Aft of fuch Treafurer, without the Confent of the faid Truftees cr any Five or more of them ; but the Treafurer far the Time being of the faid 'I ruftees, Ibali be deemed Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Cafe may be, in every fuch Aftion : Provided always, that every fucia Treafurer in T.„furer whofeName every fuch Aftion or Suit (hall be commenced, profecuted, bsrebnbarfed. or defended in purfuance of this Aft, fhall be fully reimburfed and paid, and it fhall be lawful for him to retain out of the Money ihep in his Hands, or out of the firft Money to come to his Hands by virtue of the faid former Afts and this Act, after fuch Action or Suit (hall be concluded or dilcontinued, all fuch Payments, Colts, Charges, Damages, and Ex. pences, as by the Event of or in confequence of any fuch Action or Proceeding he (hall pay, bear, expend, or be put unto, or become chargeable with, by reafon of his being fp made Plaintiff or Defendant as alore-faid, in Preference to all other Payments whatfoever.

XV.	And be it further enafted. That no Aftion or Suit (hall be com- Afl-nn t0 menced or brought againlt any Pei fun or Perl'ons, for any Thing done or be brought omitted to be done in purfuance of the Directions of this or the faid recited *ithojtNo* Afts, until Twenty-one Days Notice (hall be thereof given to ihp Treafu-

rer to the faid Truftees, nor after a fufficient Satisfaction or Tender hath been made by him to the Party or Parties agg-ieved, which Tender the faid Truftees are hereby authorized to make or order to be made by the faid Treafurer, in order to prevent any fuch Aftion or AClions, and the faid Tiealurer (hall be reimburfed the Amount of every fuch Tender, by the Ways and Means herein-before mentioned, in the Cafe of any Aftion	*

or Suit being aftually commenced j nor (lull any fuch Aftion or Suit be [Loc. tst Per.]	7	E	commenced

570

Collectors declared competent Wi:-nciits-

Statute Work.

4-E‘GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

commenced after Six Calendar Months next after the Had committed, or Caufeof Aftion arofe; and every fuch Aftion or Suit (hall be laid and brought in the County or Place where the Matter (hall ariie, and not elfe-where; and the Defendant or Defendants in every fuch Action or Suit fhall, at his or their Eleftion, plead fpeciaily, or the General IfTue, and give this Aft and the fpecial Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the Authority of this Aft ; and if the fame (hall appear to be fo done, or that fuch Aftion or Suit flaall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice thereof (hall be given as aforefaid, or after a fufficient Satisfaftion made or tendered as aforefaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the fame as aforefaid, or (hall be brought in any other County than as aforefaid, then the Jury (hall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon fuch Ver-dift, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall be nonfuited, or difeontinue his, her, or their Aftion or Actions after the Defendant or Defendants (hall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement (hall be given againd the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every fuch Cafe the Defendant or Defendants (hall recover Treble Colts, and (hall have fuch Remedy for recovering the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for his, her, or their Cods in any other Cafes by Law.

XVI.	And be it further enafted. That in cafe any Difpute,Suit, or Litigation (hall arife touching or in anywife relating to the faid Tolls, the Perfon or Perfons appointed to collect the faid Tolls, or any other Perfon or Perfons acting by or under the Authority of the faid Trudees, (hall not by reafon thereof be difqualified from giving Evidence in any fuch Difpute, Suit, or Litigation.

XVII.	And be it further enafted, That fo much of the faidfird recited Afts, as relate to the Performance of Statute Labour on the faid Road, fhall be, and the fame is hereby repealed ■, and that all Perfons, who, by Law, are or (hall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or (hall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the faid Roads, or any Parc thereof, fhall dill remain liable thereto, in like Manner as heretofore ; and it (hall be lawful for any Two or more Judices of the Peace for the County of Derby, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the faid Trudees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, or by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of Statute Work (hall every Year be done upon the faid Roads, by the Inhabitants of the refpeftive Parilhes or Places, in which the faid Roads do lie; and alfo what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch Parifh or Place, in lieu of, or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, fliall be by him, her, or them, paid to the faid Trudees, or their Treafurer or Treafurers-, and, in order thereunto, it (hall be lawful for fuch Judices, from Time to Time, to fummon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, for every fuchParilh or Place, to bring in Lifts before fuch Judices, at fome Place, to be expreffed in fuch Summons, (within Fourteen Days after the lerving of fuch Summons,) of the Names of the feveral Perfons, who within fuch Pari(h or Place are, by Law, fubjefted and liable to do Statute Work for that Year; or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of, or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work, didiDguifhing the Nature of the Work to be done,

whether

571

4S* GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

whether with Teams or Draughts* or otherwife; and alfo the Amount of the refpeftive Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names dial! be made in fuch Manner, and under (uch Regulations and Reftriftions as are or mav be direfted bv any Law or Statute, in force and effeft* for the Repairs of the Fublick Highways ; and out of fuch Lifts, the faid Juftices ftiall and may allot, appoint, and order fuch and fo many of the Per-fors who (hall appear to be fubject and liable to Stature Work as afore-faid, to do fuch Number of Days Scatute Work in every Year, upon the faid Roads, as the faid Juftices ftiall think reafonable •, and the lame (ball be done at fuch Days, and at fuch Times, (not being Hay Time ot Harveft,) and in fuch Parts of the faid Roads, as the faid Truftees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors (hall from Time to Time order, direft, and appoint; and the faid Juftices (hall and may alfo order and direft the Perfons, who by fuch Lifts (hall appear to be fubjeft and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofuion for Statute Work as afore-faid, to pay fuch Proportion thereof as the faid Juftices (ball think proper, to the faid Truftees or their Treafurer, at luch Time or Times as they the faid Juftices (ball direft ; and in default of Payment thereof, the fame (hall and may be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the refpeftive Perfons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the faid recited Afts authorized or flirefted to be recovered ; and each and every Perfon who (hall negkft or refufe to do fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their ufual Place or Places of Abcde, for that Purpofe, by any Surveyor of the faid Truftees, (hall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Defaulc of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts,

Horfe or Horfes, Bead or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be fubjrft and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as fuch Perfon or Perfons may be fubjeft or liable to, by any Law or Statute * in force or effeft, for the Repair of the Publick Highways; and if any Perfon who (hall come to work as a Labourer, or (hall oe fent witn any Team or Draught to work on the faid Roads, (hall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, luch Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and difeharge the Perfon who (hall be found idle or negligent as aforefaid ; and in that Ca!e every fuch Perfm (hall be fubjeft and liable to the rclpeftiveFoifeitures and Payments aforefaid, as if he had negk'fted or refufed to come, or fuch Team or Draught had not been fent to work on any Part of the faid Roads; all which Forfeitures (hall be paid to the Treafurer to the faid Truftees, and applied towards amending the faid Roads; and if any Surveyor of the Highways for any of the faid Parifhes or Place?, ftiall refufe or wilfully negleft: to give in fuch Lifts as aforefaid, or (hall knowingly and wilfully give in falfe or imperfect Lifts, every fuch Surveyor fo offending (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sium not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted, That if any Money (hall be agreed or Application awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pur-chafed, taken, or ufed by virtue ef the Powers of the faid firft recited Afts, ceedin*; mol. and this Aft, for the Purpofes thereof, which ftiall belong to any Corporation, Feme Coveit, Infant, Lunatick, or Perfon or Perfons under any other Dilability or Incapacity, as in the (aid firft recited Aft particularly

mentioned

572

48* GE0RG1I III. Cap. 38.

mentioned, fuch Money fhall, in cafe the fame lhall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be psid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General cf the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, ex parte the Truftees for executing the faid recited Afts and this Aft, to the Intent that fuch Money lhall be applied, under the Direftion and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a fuminary Way by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe of the Land Tax, or Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the faid Court lhall authorize to be paid, affefting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affefting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Handing fettled therewith, to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents or Purpofes; or where fuch Money lhall not be fo applied, then the fame lhall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the faid Courr, in the Purchale of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which lhall be conveyed and fettled to, fur, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trulls, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which (hall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement lhall be exifting undetermined and capable of taking Effeft; and in the mean Time, and until fuch Purchale lhall be made, the faid Money lhall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the laid Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the faid Bank Annuities fhall be ordered by the laid Court to be fold for the Purpofes afore-faid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities (hall, from Time to Time, be paid, by Order of the faid Court, to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, fo hereby directed to be purchafed, in cafe fuch Pur-chafe or Settlement were made.

XIX,	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That if any Money, of Compenfa- f0 agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Herc-fanDcdoei not ditaments purchafed, taken, or uled for the Purpofes aforefaid, and exceed iou). belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under Dif-ability or Incapacity as aforefaid, (hall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and (hall amount to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all fuch Cafes, the fame lhall, at the Option of the Per-fon or Perfons, tor the Time being, entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpeftive Hands, be paid into theBank of England, inthcName and with thePr ivity of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before direfted; or otherwile the fame (hail be paid, at the like Option, to Two Truftees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making tuch Option,

2	and

573

4-8* GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

and approved of by Five or more of the faid Truftees, (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that fuch Principal Money, and the Dividends arifing thereon, may be applied in any Manner hereinbefore directed, fo far as ihe Cafe be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the faid Court of Chancery.

XX.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That where fuch Money, fo agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, fhall be lefs than Twenty Pounds, then, and in all fuch Cates, the fame fhall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenement', or Hereditaments fo purchaled, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes of the faid recited Afts and this Aft, in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees fhall think fir, or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufc and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpe&ively.

XXI.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to whom any Sum or Sums cf Money fhall be awarded for the Pur-chafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed by virtue of the faid recited A£t$ and this Aft, fhall refufe to accept the fame, or fhall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes, to the Satisfattionof th- faid Truftees, or any Five or more cf them-, or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money fhall be fo awarded as aforefaid cannor be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or difeovered, then and in every fuch Cafe, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded as aforefaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (deferibing them,) fubjeft to the Order, Controul, and Difpofition of the faid Court of Chancery; which faid Court of Chancery, on the Application cf any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Parc thereof, by Motion or Petition, fhall be, and is hereoy empowered, in a fummary Way of Proceeding, or otherwife, as to the fame Court fhall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid ouc and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order D'ftribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpe&ive Eftate or Eftates, Title or Inrereft of the Perfon or Per° fons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes, as to the faid Court fhall feem juft and reafonable; and the Cafhier or Calhiers of the Bank of England, who (ball receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning ^nd fpe-cifying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it cnafted. That where any Queftion fhall aritc touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be [Lie. & Per.)	7 F	paid

Application

where the Money is Itf* than 201.

In cafe of not making out Titles,

or ifPerfoni cannot be found, Pur-chafe Money to be paid into the Sank ;

fubjeft to the Order of the Court of Chancery oa Motion or Petition.

Where any Queftion fhall anle louchiug the Title to

574	4-8’	GEORGII	III.	Cap.	38.

paid"'the"p*r. :Pa*^ ‘ni° 'he Bank of England, in the Name, and with the Privity fon wiiofbail uf the Accountant General of the Ccurt of Chancery, in purfuance fionofthe^"	C^'S	*or t*le Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements or Here-

Lands at the ditaments, or of any Eftate, Right, or Intereft in any Lands, Tene-Purchaft^iha'i ments> or Hereditaments to be purchafed in purfuance < f the faid recited be deemed	-Ads and this Aft $ or to any Bank Annuities to be purchaled with any

therein	^uch ^oney» or fhe Dividends or Interefts of any fuch Bank Annuities,

the Perfon or Perfons who lhall have been in Poffeflion of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of iuch Purcnale, and all Perfons claiming; under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Pofftf-fion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, lhall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch Poffeflion, until the contrary lhall be fhewn to the Satisfaftion of the faid Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interefts of the faid Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money j and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, (hall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it lhall be made appear to the faid Court, that fuch Pofftffion was a wrongful Poffeflion, and that lome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fomc Eftate or Intereft therein,

XXIII.	Provided alfo, and beitenafted, Thatwhere, by reafonof anyDif-ability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed under the Authority of the faid recited Afts and this Aft, the Purchafe Money for the fame lhall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes in purfuance of the faid recited Afts and this Aft, it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchales, from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of the faid recited Afts and this Aft, or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Court lhall deem veafonable, to be paid by the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the laid Afts and this Aft, who lhall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpoies as the faid Court lhall direft.

v	XXIV.	Andbeitfurtherenafted,	That	this	Aft	lhall	be	deemed	and	taken

u 'L L to be a Publick Aft, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Jufticcs, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

Continuance XXV. And be it further enafted, That the faid recited Afts and this Act uf this Act. (fubjeft to the Alterations and Amendments herein contained) lhall continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Refidue now to come and unexpired of the Term granted by the faid recited Afts, and from the Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Seffion of Par* liament,

J. ON DON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majefty. 1808.

The Court of Chancery may order reasonable Expences of Purchales to be paid by the Truftees.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

********##************#******-*#****'*********#****#*#**

Cap. 39.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Great Walfingham, Little Wafingham, and Houghton next Walftngham, in the County of Norfolk.

[27th May 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act was palled in theForty-firft Year of the Reign of His prelent Majelty, intituled. An Acl for confolidating in One Atl certain Provifions nfually inferted in Adis of Inclofure ; and for facilitating the Mode of proving the fever al Fads ufually required on the paging of fuch Adis: And whereas there are within the Pari flies of Great Walfingham. Little Walftngham, and Houghton next Walfingham, in the County of Norfolk, divers Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half-year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Wafle Grounds: And' whereas Daniel Henry Lee Warner Efquire, is Lord of the fevera! Manors of Great Walfingham late the Queen's, Granges in Great Walftng-ham othervvife Wafvigbam ad Grangias, Binham in Great Walfingham, Bolts, Fens, Marches, and Hatch ows in Great Walfingham, Collinghams and Powers in Great Walfingham, Little Walfingham late the Queen's, Granges in Little Walfingham otherwife Walfingham ad Grangias, Houghton Poos otherwife Sydneys, Gaunt /hall and Gurneys in Houghton, and Houghton Lexbams, in the laid County, and claims to be entitled to the Soil of ail the Paid Commons and Wafle Grounds: And whereas Thomas William Coke Efquire, in right or in refptcl of the Lordlhip or Manor of Great Walfingham, with the Leet and View of Frankpledge or otherwife, claims to be entitled to the Soil of all the Commons and Waite Grounds \_Loc. & Per.j	7 G	within

5 7»

Gomraiflion*

9Tt•

For appointing new Com imdioneri.

48° GEORGII ili. Cap. 29i

within the Parilh of Great Walfingbam aforefaid : And whereas the faid Daniel Henry Lee Warner is lei zed of the Impropriate Redories of Great Walfingbam and Little IValJingham aforefaid, and is entitled to the Tythes arifing from divers Lands in Great Walfingbam and Little Wal/ingbam aforefaid : And whereas the faid Daniel Henry Lee Warner is Patron of the Donatives or Perpetual Curacies of the Parilh Churches of Great Walfingbam and Little Walfingbam aforefaid, and the Reverend Jan.es Lee Warner Clerk is theprefent Curate thereof, nominated and appointed by the faid Daniel Henry Lee Warner, and in that Capacity is entitled 10 certain Lands belonging thereto :And whereas the faid Daniel Henry Lee Warner is l'eized of the Impropriate Redory of Houghton next Walfingbam aforefaid, and is entitled to all the Great Tythes arifing within the Parilh of Houghton next Walfingbam aforefaid ; and the faid Daniel Henry Lee Warner is Patron of the Vicarage of Houghton next Walfingbam aforefaid, and the faid James Lee Warner is the prefent Vicar or Incumbent of the faid Vicarage, and in that Capacity is entitled to the Parfonage Houfe and Glebe Lands belonging thereto : And whereas the faid Daniel Henry Lee Warner, James Lee Warner, and divers other Perfons refpedively, are Owners and Proprietors of all the Melfuages, Lands, and Tenements fituate, lying, and being within the Parilhes of Great Walfingbam, Little Walfingbam, and Houghton next Walfingbam aforefaid : And whereas the faid Common Fields, Half-year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Wade Grounds, are fubjeft to certain Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common ofPafture, or other Commonable Rights, and great Part of the faid Whole-year Lands, Common Fields, and Half-year or Shack Lands, are inconveniently fituated for the refpeftive Owners and Proprietors thereof: And whereas it would be advantageous to the feveral Perfons entitled to and interefted in the Pre-mifes if the faid Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common were extin-guilhed, and the faid Whole-year Lands, Common Fields, Half-year, or Shack Lands, Commons, and Wade Grounds were divided, and fpecific Parts or Shares thereof allotted to the feveral Perfons entitled toand intereft-edin the fame, according to their refpeftive Eftates, Rights, and Interefts, under the Directions and Limitations in this Aft contained ; but fuch Divi-fions and Allotmentscannot beefieftually made and eftablifhed without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it therefore pleafeYour Majefty That it may be enafted ; and be it enafted, by the King’s moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That Henry Bell of Wallington, in the faid County of Norfolk, Efquire, and John Dugmore of Swafibam in the faid County of Norfolk, Gentleman, (hall be and they are hereby appointed Commifiioners for dividing and allotting the faid Whole-year Lands, Common Fields, Half-year or Shack Landt, Commons and Wafte Grounds, and for carrying this Aft into Execution, fubjeft to fuch Powers, Authorities, Direftions, Regulations, Reftriftions, and Provifions contained in the faid recited Aft, as are not altered, varied, or otherwife provided for by this Aft.

II. And be it further enafted, That if the faid Henry Bell lhall refufe or become incapable to aft as a Commiflioner in the Execution of the faid recited Aft and this Aft, or lhall die, before all the Powers, Authorities, and Trufts repofed and veiled in the faid Commifiioners fhall be fully executed and performed, the faid Daniel Henry Lee Warner, or the Lord 8	or

48‘GEORGII III. Cup. %9.	579

or Lady of the faid Manor of Great Waifingham late the Queen’s, for the Time being, ihall and may at any Time within Forty Days next after his or her Knowledge of fuch Death, Refufal, or Incapacity to aft, by Writing under his or her Hand, appoint any other Perfon (not being in-tereiled in the Premifes, and not being the Attorneyor Agent of the faid Daniel Henry Lee Warner, or of the Lord or Lady of the laft-mentioned Manor) to be a Commiflioner for the Purpofes of the faid recited Aft and this Aft, in the Place of the faid Henry Bell; and alfo to make the like Appointment, when and fo often as any Perfon to be appointed a Commilfioner in the Place of the faid Henry Bell Ihall die, or refufe or become incapable to aft as afotefaid ; and in cafe the faid John Dugmore Ihall refufe or become incapable to aft as a Commiflioner in the Execution of the faid recited Aft and this Aft, or ihall die before all the Powers,

Authorities, and Trufts, repofed and veiled in the faid Cotnmiflioners,

(hall be fully executed, the feveral Owners and Proprietors of Meffuages,

Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Pariihes of Great Wr.lfngham, Little Walftngham, and Houghton aforefaid (fave and except the faid Daniel Henry Lee Warner, and the Lord or Lady for the Time being of the faid refpeftive Manors, now belonging to the faid Daniel Henry Lee Warner), or the major Part of them in Value, according to the Land Tax Afleflfments, who (hall be prefent in Perfon, or by their refpeftive Attornies or Agents, at a Meeting to be held for that Purpofe, within Forty Days after fuch lail-mentioned Death, Refufal, or Incapacity to act (of which Meeting Notice (hall be given by any Two or more of fuch Owners and Proprietors* or their refpeftive Attornies or Agents, or by the other Commiflioner for putting this Aft into Execution, by affixing fuch Notice on the Doors of the Pariffi Churches of Great Walfingham,

Little Walfingham, and Houghton aforefaid, and caufing the fame to be inferred in the Norfolk Chronicle ox Norwich Mercury, or fome other Newf-paper then printed or circulated in the faid County of Norfolk, Eight Days at lead before fuch Meeting,) (hall and may, by Writing under their Hands, nominate and appoint a proper Perfon (not being interefled in the Pretnifes, and not being the Attorney or Agent of any Perfon interefled therein), to be a Commiflioner in the Place and Stead of the faid John Dugmore, and to make the like Appointment when and fo often as any Perfon fo to be appointed a Commiflioner in the Place of the faid John Dugmore (hall die, or refufe, or become incapable to aft as aforefaid ; but if the faid refpeftive Parties (hall negleft to make fuch Appointment or Appointments as aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe the furviving or remaining Commiflioner (hall, and he is hereby required forthwith by Writing under his Hand, to appoint another Perfon (nor interefled in the Premifes, and not being the Attorney or Agent of any Perfon interefled therein) to be a Commiflioner in the Place and Stead of the Commiflioner fo dying or refufing to aft, or becoming incaphhle of ailing as aforefaid ; and every Perfon fo to be appointed a Commiflioner as aforefaid, (hall take and fubferibe the Oath or Affirmation preferibed in the faid recited Aft, and (hall thereupon have fuch and the like Powers and Authorities, in all Refpefts, for putting the faid recited Aft and this Aft into Execution, as if he had been named and appointed a Commiffioner in and by this Aft.

HI. And be it further er.afted. That if any Difference of Opinion (hall F,r appo;nN

arife between the faid Comm'ffioners touching or concerning any Matter mg an Umpire

S3o

CoirmiiTiott. ers differ in Opinion.

Umpire to tike an Oath.]

Notice of Commidion-’ crt Meeting!.

One Com mi f-fioeier may adjourn.

Other Notice* trow to be given.

4.8'GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

or Thing to be done by them, by virtue or in Execution of the faid recited Ad or this Ad, the faid Commifiioners from Time to Time, and when andfo often as fuch Difference of Opinion (hall arife, fliall, by Writing under their Hands, appoint fbme Perfon (not being interefled in the Pre-mifes) to be an Umpire between them, and the Matter upon which fuch Difference of Opinion fhali or may aiife fhall be fettled and determined by fuch Umpire, whofe Determination in Writing fhall be binding and ronclufive upon the faid Commifiioners ; and for the Purpofe aforefaid, but not for any other Purpofe, fuch Umpire fhall have, and he is hereby veiled with the fame Powers and Authorities, as by the faid recited Ad and this Ad are given to or veiled in the faid Commillioners.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That no Perfon fhall be capable of ading as an Umpire as aforelaid until he fhall have taken and fubferibed an Oath in the Form or to the Effed following ; (that is to fay,)

‘ T Dofwear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and honeflly, according ‘ to the beft of my Skill and Judgement, execute and perform the fe-

*	veral Powers and Authorities veiled and repofed in me as an Umpire, by ‘ virtue of an Ad paffed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign ofKing

*	George the Third, intituled, An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of

*	Great Walfingham, Little Walfingham, and Houghton nextWalfing-

*	ham, in the County ^Norfolk, according to Equity and good Confcience,

*	and without Favour or Affedion, Prejudice or Partiality, to any Per-‘ fon or Perfons whomfoever.

‘ So help me GOD.’

Which Oath the faid Commillioners, or either of them, are and is here* by empowered to adminiller ; and fuch Oath, and alfo the Writing appointing fuch Umpire, fhall be annexed to the Award of the faid Com-miffioners.

V.	And be it further enaded. That the faid Commiflioners fliall and they are hereby required to caule Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of their firlt and of every other Meeting for the Execution of this Ad, to be inferted in the Norfolk Chronicle or Norwich Mercury, or in fome other Newfpaper printed or circulated within the faid County of Norfolk, Eight Days at leaf! before every fuch Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment excepted); and if only One of the faid Commillioners lhall be prefent at the Time and Place to be appointed for any fuch Meeting, then and in fu(h Cafe, and fo often as the fame fliall happen, it lhall be lawful for fuch Commiflioner to adjourn fuch Meeting to fuch Place wiihin the Parilh of Little Walfingham aforefaid, or within Eight Miles thereof, as he lhall think moll convenient, giving Notice of fuch Adjournment to the abfent Commiflioner.

VI.	Provided always, That all other Notices neceffary or requifite to be given by the faid Commiflioners jn purfuance of the faid recited Ad or this Ad, fliall be fo given by Advertilemenc in the faid Norfolk Chronicle or Norwich Mercury, or in fome other Newfpaper printed or circulated within the faid County of Norfolk.

VII. And

48°GEORGII III. Caj>..2 9.	581

VII.	And be it further enafted, That if any Map, Plan, Survey, and Ad- 0!d,?"rv?vJ mea'u ement of the Pari (lies of Great Walfingbam, Little. Walfingbam, ar.d “"15 '' Houghton aforefaid, or any or either of them, fhall be produced to the

faid Commiffioners, and the fame fhall be in their Judgment and to their Satisfaftion a juft and true Map, Plan, Survey, and Admeafurement, and proper for the Purpofe of carrying the faid recited Act and this Act into Execution, it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners to contract for and purchafe the fame at or for fuch Sum of Money as they fhall think reafonable, and the Purchafe Money fhall be conftdered as Part of the Colts, Charges, and Expences of executing the faid recited Aft and this Aft, and fhall be raifed, levied, and paid accordingly, and after fuch Con-tradt and Purchafe the faid Commiffioners and the Surveyor to be appointed by them are hereby authorized and required to ule any fuch Map,

Plan, Survey, and Admeafurement, fo contrafled for and purchafed as aforefaid for the Purpofe of carrying the faid recited Act and this Act into Execution, without caufing any new Map, Plan, Survey, and Admeafurt-ment to be made of the Lands and Tenements comprized therein.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Commiffioners fhall, ^or*fc"‘*m* with all convenient Speed after the paffing of this Aft, caufe Notice

of their Intention to perambulate the Boundaries of the faid Pariffies of Great Waljingham, Little Walfingbam, and Houghton refpectively, to be inl'erted in the faid Norfolk Chronicle or Norwich Mercury, or in fome other Newfpaper printed and circulated within the faid County of Norfolk, Eight Days at lealt before the Time of fuch Perambulation, and after the Expiration of the Time to be fpecified in fuch Notice, they the faid Comm ffioners are hereby authorized and required to perambulate, enquire into, fet out, afeertain, fix, and determine, the Boundaries of the faid Pariffies of Great Waljingham, Little IValftngham, and Houghton refpeftively, and a Defcription of the faid Boundaries fhall, within Forty Days afterwards, be inlerted in the faid Norfolk Chronicle or Norwich Mercury, or in fome other Newfpaper printed and circulated within the faid County of Norfolk.

IX.	Provided always, That if any of the Proprietors of Eftates or App-nito Inhabitants ol any Pariffi or Pariffies adjoining to the Pariffies of Great Se®on«

Walftnrham. Little Waljingham, and Houg'.ton aforefaid, or either of them,

fhall be diffjtisfied wiih the Determination of the laid Commiffioners, refpefting the faid Boundaries, fuch Proprietors or Inhabitants, or any of them, may appeal to the Jufticcs of the Peace ading in and for the County of Norfolk, at any General Quarter Seffion of the Peace to be held within FourCalendarMonths next after the aforeiaidPublication of tile faid Boundaries, on giving to the faid Commiffioners Fourteen Days Notice in Writ ng, of fuch Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, and the Deci-fion oi the faid Juftices therein, fhall be filial and conclufive.

X.	And beit further er.aded, That if the faid Commiffioners fhall Forn,irt. . deem it expedient or proper to fhorten the Boundary Fences between tlte iCmda'r/ the Lands and Grounds by this Ad directed to be divided and allotted in F*"?cf wfi* the Pariffies of Great Walfinyham, Little Waljingham, and Houghton afore- riSia.’ E ** faid refpediveiy, and any Parilh or Panflies adjoining thereto, or to

make the fame Boundary Fences rd'pedively regular, it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, (with the Conlent. in Writing, under the •	- [Lee. b5 Per.']	„	7 H	Hand

5#*	48* GEORG 11 III. Cap. 39.

Hand or Hands of the Lord or Lords of the Manor or Manors in which the Land is fituate, or of the Owner or Owners of the Land upon which any Fence or Fences (lull or may be intended to be made,) to fet out the Boundary between the Lands and Grounds by this Aft directed to be divided and allotted in the Parifhes of Great li'al/ingbarn, Little IValftng* ham, and Hougbten aforefaid tefpectively, and any adjoining Parilh or Parilhes, in luch Manner as they (hall judge proper for the Purpofe aforefaid 5 and after fuch Boundaries ihall be fo fet out as aforefaid, the fame (hall be fenced by fuch Perfon or Perfons in fuch Manner, and at fuch Time or Times, as the laid Commiflioners Ihall direct, and (hail for ever thereafter be deemed and takentobethe Boundaries between the Parifhes of Great bLalfmgbam, Little Walfingham, and Houghton aforefaid refpectively, and fuch adjoining Parifh or Parilhes refpectively j any Law, tjfage, or Cuflom to the contrary notwithflanding.

And 'f further enacted. That if any of the Parties interefled to t:.c ra.tie. in the Premifes ihall have any Objection or Objections to any of the w-eobP^T -Accounts or Claims which ihall be delivered to the faid Commiflioners by ,r ;ecit virtue of the faid recited Act or this Act, fuch Objection or Objections ihall be reduced into Writing, and Two Parts thereof ihall be figned by the Party or Parties making the fame, or by fome Perfon or Perfons on his, her, or their Behalf, and One Part thereof ihall be delivered to the faid Commiflioners, and the other Part thereof ihall be delivered to the Party or Parries whofe Claim or Account ihall be objected to, or to his, her, or their Agent, or left at his, her, or their lait or ufual Place of Abode, at fuch Time or Times as the faid Commiflioners ihall appoint for that Purpofe, and no Objection to any of the faid Accounts or Claims ihall be afterwards received by the faid Commiflioners, unleL for fome legal Difability or fpecial Caufe to be allowed by them.

Cortrniiflion -

ers to fettle Differences.

Com't'iflion-ers to fum-«nor Wit-nctles.

XII.	And be it further enacted. That if any Difpute or Difference (lull arife between any of the Parties interefled or claiming to be interefled in the faid intended Divifion and Allotments, touching or concerning the respective Rights and Interefls which they or any of them ihall claim to have in, to, upon, or out of the Lands hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or concerning any Allowance claimed or to be made for ploughing* fowing Turnips, or Corn, laying down with Grafs S.*ds, manuring or improving the faid Lands, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing whatfoever, it ihall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to examine into, hear, and determine the fame.

XIII.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon having been fum-moned according to the Direftions of the faid recited Aft, to teftify the Truth upon Oath, touching any Matter in Difference between any of the Parties interefled in the Premifes, or otherwife relating to the Execution of the Powers given by the faid recited Aft and this Aft, and having been paid at tendered a fufficient Sum of Money to be afeertained by the faid Commiflioners, to defray the Charges of his or her Attendance, Ihall not appear before the faid Commiflioners purfuant to fuch Summons, without afligning fome reafonable Excufe for not appearing, or appearing Ihall refufe to be fworn, or to be examined and give Evidence touching the Premifes, the faid Commiflioners, upon due Proof thereof made

•	8	before

5«3

488 GEOR(?II III. Cap. 29.

before them upon Oath (which Oath One of the faid Commiflioners is hereby empowered to adminider) (hall, and they are hereby authorized by Warrant under their Hands and Seals di'efted to any Perfon or Per-Tons whomfoever, to caufe any Sum of Money, not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon fo neglefting or refufing to appear and give Evidence, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Perfon whofe Goods and Chattels (hall have been fo diftrained and fold, after deducing the Cods and Charges attending fuch Diltrefs and Sale, and the Money fo to be levied as aforefaid, (hall be applied towards defraying the Cods and Expences of obtaining this Aft, and carrying the faid recited Aft, and this Aft into Execution.

XIV.	And be it further enafled. That in cafe the faid Commiflioners (hall upon the Hearing and Determination cl any Claim or Objeftion to be delivered to them in purfuance of the faid recited Aft or this Aft, fee Caufe to award any Cods, it (hall be lawful for the faid Com midtoners, and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpofe, to fettle, aflefs, and award fuch Cods as they dtall think reafonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whofe Favour any Determination of the faid Commiflioners or Umpire (hall be made, by th,e Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, whofe Claim or Objeftion (hall be thereby difallowed or over-ruled, or againfl whom the faid Commiflioners fhall have determined as aforefaid ; and in cafe the Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corpotate, or Collegiate, who fhall be liable to pay fuch Colts, fhall negleft or refufe to pay the fame upon Demand, it (hall be lawful lor the faid Cotn-miflioners, and they are hereby authorized and required by Warrant under their Hands and Seals direfted to any Perfon or Perfons whomlo-ever, to caufe fuch Cods to be levied by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, fo neglcfting or refufing to pay the fame, rendtring the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Pet Ion or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, whofe Goods and Chattels fhall have been fo diftrained and fold, after dedufting the Cods and Charges attending fuch Didrefs and Sale.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That in cafe any Peifon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, interelled or claiming to be intereded in the faid intended Divifion and A'lotments, (hall be dilfatisfied with any Determination of the (aid Commiflioners cr Umpire, touching or concerning any Claim or Objeftion which (hall be delivered to the faid Commiflioners in purfuance of the faid recited Aft or flits Aft, or touching or concerning any Property, Right, or Intered, intended to be affefted by fuch Determination, and (hall within One Calendar Month next after fuch Determination caufe Notice in Writing of fuch Diflatisfaftion to be delivered to or left at the ufual Place of Abode of the faid Commiflioners, and of the Party or Parries in whofe favour fuch Determination lhall have been made, or his, her, or their Agent, it (nail be lawful forfuch Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, giving fuch Notice as aforefaid, to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter lo determined by the faid Commiflioners or Umpire, at the then next Aflizes to be held for the faid County of Norfolk, unlefs fuch Afiizes (ha U

happen

Commiffion# f-rs to a (left Coils.

Power to try Rights by an HLwc at Law.

384

I/no AfHou br.iuirht, or not proceeded in, the Determination of the Coramif-fionersor Umpire to be final.

In Ofe« of Deaths of Parties before •Actions brought, the fame to be carried on and defended in their Names.

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 39.

happen within Three Calendar Months next after the Determination of the faid Cemmifiioners or Umpire, and in that Cafe at the Second Affizes to be beld for the faid County next after fuch Determination, and for that Purpofe the Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, giving fuch Notice as aforefaid, fhall within Two Calendar Months next after fuch Determination caufe an Aftion to be brought in one of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at IVeJlminJier, upon a feigned Ifliie, againft the Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, in whofe favour fuch Determination fhall have been made, and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Adtion or Adtions {hall, and he, (he, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who (hall appear thereto or file Common Bail, and accept One or more Iffue or Iffues, whereby fuch Claim, and the Property, Right, or Intereft thereby infilled upon may be tried and determined, fuch Ilfue or Iffues to be fettled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the faid Adlion (hall be commenced, in cafe the Parties (hall differ about the fame, and the Verdidl which (hall be given upon the Trial of fuch Adlion lhall be binding,final,and conclufive, unlefs the Court wherein fuch Adlion (hall be brought {hall fet afide fuch Verdidl, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Court to do in cafe the faid Court (hall think proper, and that after fuch Verdict fhall be obtained and not fet afide, the faid Commiffioners fhall, and they are hereby required to act, in conformity thereto, and to allow or difallow of the Claim Property, Right, or Intereft thereby determined according to the Event of fuch Trial or Trials.

XVI.	Provided always. That if no fuch Notice fhall be given, or if any fuch Notice fhall be given and fuch Adlion at Law {hall not be commenced as aforefaid, or if any fuch Adlion (hall be commenced and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein fhall not proceed to Trial within the Time herein-before limited for that Purpofe, then the Determination of the faid Commiffioners or Umpire fhall be final, binding and concluiive to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever : Provided alfo, that if any of the Parties in any fuch Action to be commenced as aforefaid fhall die before the Determination thereof, fuch Adlion fhall not abate by reafon thereof but fhall be proceeded in as if no fuch Event had happened.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it further enadled, That if any Perfon or Perfons in whofe favour any fuch Determination as aforefaid lhall have been made, and againft whom any fuch Adlion or Actions might have been brought if living, fhall die before any fuch Adlion or Adlions fhall have been brought, and before the Expiration of the Time herein-before limited for bringing fuch Adlion or Actions, it (hall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who might have brought fuch Action or Adlions againft the Perfon or Perfons fo dying, to bring the fame within the Time fo limited as aforefaid, againft fuch Perfon or Perfons as if adlually living, and to ferve the Clerk of the faid Commiffioners with Proceis fur commencing fuch Adlion or Adlions, in the fame Manr er as the Party or Parties might have been ferved therewith it living ; and it fhall therein alfo be incumbent on the Heir or Heirt, or other Pcrlon or Perlons who fhall claim the Benefit of fuch Determination as aforetaid, to appear and defend fuch Action or Addons in the Name or Names of the Prrion or Perfons fo dead, and Proceedings (lull be had therein in the fame Manner as it fuch

Perfon

4 8* GEORGII III. Cap.ig.

Prrfun or Perfons had been a&ually living; and the Rights of all Parties thall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of fuch Adion or Actions.

XVIII.	Provided alfo, and be.it further enn&ed, That nothing in this A£t contained Ihall extend to enable the Paid Commiflioners to determine any Right between any Parties contrary to the PoflefTion of any of fuch Parties, except in Cafes of Encroachments made within the Period of Twenty Years; but in cafe the faid Commiflioners (hull be of Opinion againft the Rights of the Perl'on or Perfons fo in PoflWIion, they Ihall forbear to make any Determination thereupon, until the Pufleflion Ihall have been given up by or recovered from fuch Perfon or Petfonsby Ejedlment or other due coin ft of Law.

XIX.	And be it further enafted, That it Ihall not be lawful for any Perfon, from and after the palling of this Ad, to cut, dig, pare, grave, flay, or carry away, any Turf, Flags, Whins, or Furze, in, upon, or from the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds, or any Part thereof, without the Licence of the faid Commiflioners firft had and obtained, in Writing, for that Purpofe, (which Licence the faid Commiflioners are hereby empowered to grant under fuch Regulations and Reftrictions as they Ihall think proper to infert therein); and if any Perfon Ihall cur, dig, pare, grave, flay, or carry away, any Turf, Flags, Whins, or f'uize, in, upon, or from the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds, or any Part thereof, without fuch Licence as aforefaid, or having obtained fuch Licence, Ihall act in any Manner conti ary to the fame, the faid Commiflioners, or any Juftice of the Peace acting in and for the faid County, upon due Proof thereof made before the (aid Commiflionersror Juftice, upon Oath, (which Oath either of the faid Commiflioners or fuch Juftice is hereby empowered toadminifter), Ihall by their or his Warrant* directed to any Perfon whomfoever, caufe any Sum of Money, noc exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon offending in the Premifes, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Perfon whofe Goods and Chattels Ihall have been fo diftrained and fold, after deducting the Cofts and Charges attending fuch Diftrefs and Sale, and the Money fo to be levied as aforefaid Ihall be applied towards defraying the Cofts and Charges of obtaining this Act, and carrying the faid recited Act and this Ad into Execution.

XX.	And be it further enacted, That it Ihall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby authorized, at any Time before the Execution of the Award to be made by them in purfuance of the faid recited Act and this Act, by any Writing under their Hands to be affixed upon the Doors of the refpective Churches of Great IValfingham, Little IVa'fmgham, and Houghton aforefaid, to order and direct all or any Rights of Sheep Walk, Siiackage, or Common, in, over, and upon the faid Common Fields, Half-year or Shack Lanrts, Commons, and Wafte Grounds, or any Part thereof, to be extinguilhed, or the Exercife thereof to be fufpended far and during fuch Time as Ihall be exprefled in fuch Writing ; and that all fuch Rights as the faid Commiflioners ftiall by fuch Writing order and direct to be extinguilhed, or the Exercife thereof to be fufpended as aforefaid, Ihall from the Time of affixing fuch

[Lw. {*? Per}	7	/	Writing



Pcifons in Pofleflion not to be molclteii without due courfe of Law.

NoTurf,Flags, Whins, or Furze, to be cut sfter paiT-Ji*K of this Act without Lease of the Com-miliioncr..

For extin-guifhing or fufpenrttng Mights of Common be. fore the Award.

586

Commi flippers to dne£l

the Couiie of Koffiandfy.

And to make Drains, &c.

Old Ro uls to be continued until the new Ro ids are made

4&a GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

Writing on the faid Church Doors refpectively, or any other Time to be appointed by the Commiflioners in or by fuch Writing, ceafe, determine, and be extinguilhed, or the Exercife thereof (hall be fufpended accordingly; any Law, Ulage, or Cuftotn to the contrary notwith-flanding.

XXI.	And be it further enabled, That, from and after the pafling of this Act, until the Execution of the faid Award, no Part of the Meadow or Pafture Lands within the Parilhes of Great Walfingbam, Little Wolfing-ham, and Houghton alorefaid refpectively, (hall be ploughed or converted into Tillage without the Confent of the faid Commiflioners firft had and obtained, in Writing, for that Purpofe, and that all the Lands hereby directed to be awarded and allotted (hall, during that Time be ufed and managed in fuch Manner, and (hall be fubject and liable to fuch Directions and Regulations as the faid Commiflioners (hall from Time to Time by Writing under their Hands to be affixed upon the Doors of the Churches of Great Walfingbam, Little Walfingbam, and Houghton afore-laid, refpeftively appoint, as well with regard to the flocking as to the draining, ploughing, folding, manuring, tilling, fowing, and laying down the lame, and alfo as to the cutting of Thorns or Bulhes thereon ; and that it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, by any Writing under their Hands, tG order and direct fuch Sum or Sums of Money in refpeft thereof, to be paid by any Perfon interefled in the faid Lands, or any Part thereof, or his or her Tenant to any other Perfon in like Manner interefted therein, or his or her Tenant, as the faid Commif-fioners (hall think reafonable; and in cafe any Perfon who (hall be directed to pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money (hall negleft or refufe to pay the fame on Demand, it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to raife and levy the fame for the Ufe and Benefit of the Perfon or Perfons entitled thereto, by iuch Ways and Means as the Cofts, Charges, and Expences of obtaining this Aft, and executing the faid recited Aft and this Aft, can or may be raifed and levied.

XXII.	And be it further enafted, That.it (hall be lawful forthe faid Commiflioners to caufe any Ditches, Fences, Drains, Brooks or Watercourfes, within the Pariflies of Great Walfingbam, Little IValfingham, and Houghton aforefaid refpectively, to be cleanfed, opened, fcoured, widened, deepened, or enlarged, and alfo to caufe any new Ditches, Fences, Bridges, Drains, Brooks or Watercourfes to be made within the fame Parilhes refpeftively, and to make fuch Orders for maintaining fuch Ditches, Fences, Drains, Brooks or Watercourfes in repair as they (hall think proper: Provided that no fuch Works (hall be made upon any inclofed Land without the previous Confent of the Owner or Owners thereof, teftified by Writing under his, her, or their Hands, and that no fuch Brook or Watercoutfe (hall be diverted or turned without the Confent in Writing of the Owner or Owners ot any inclofed Land from which any fuch Brook or Watercoutfe (hall be diverted or turned, or into which the fame (hull be intended to be carried or conveyed.

XXIII.	Andbeitfurther enafted, Thatnone of theprefentPublicPIighways or Roads within the Pariflies of Great Walfingbam, Little Walfingbam, and Houghton aforefaid refpeftively, (hall be (hut up or difeontinued until the

Roads

48° GEORGIl III. Cap. 39.	587

Roads intended to be and remain Public Highways within the fame Parifhes refpectively, fhall be fet out according to the Directions of the faid recited Act, and until the fame fhall be properly formed, and made fafe and convenient for Horfes, Cattle, and Carriages.

XXIV.	And be it further enafted, That the faidCommiflioners[fhaIl aflign, fet out, and allot unto the Surveyors of the Highways within the Parifh of Little Walfmgbam aforefaid for the Time being, fuchPart of the Lands within the fame Parifh as the faid CommifTioners fhall think proper, (the annual Value of fuch Allotment or Allotments not exceeding the annual Average Value of Two Fifteenth Parts of all the Commons and Wafte Lands in the fame Parifh ;) and it fhall be lawful for the Surveyors of the Highways, and the Proprietors of Lands and Eftates within the Parifh of Little Walfmgbam aforefaid, and their Tenants for the Time being re-fpeftively, to ufe fuch Allotment or Allotments as and for public Watering Places for Cattle, and as and for public Sand, Gravel, Clay, Stone, Marl, and Chalk Pits, in fuch Manner and under fuch Rules and Regulations as the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the faid Manor of Little Walfmgbam late the Queen's, the Curate and the Churchwardens and Overfeers of tne Poor, and the Surveyors of the Highways of Little Walfmgbam aforefaid for the Time being, or the major Part of them, fhall from Time to lime diredt or appoint; and the Grafs and Herbage of the faid Allotment or Allotments fhall be from Time to Time let by the Surveyors of the Highways in Little Walftngbam aforefaid for the Time being, at and for the belt Rent that can be obtained for the fame, and fuch Kent fhall be applied towards the Repair of the public Roads in the fame Parifh.

XXV.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiffioners fhall aflign, A!j, tment f fet out, and allot unto the Lord or Lords, Lady [or Ladies of the faid the poor of Manor of Little Walfmgbam, late the Queen’s, and the Curate, Church-wardens and Overfeers of the Poor of Little Walfmgbam aforefaid for the

Time being, fuch Part or Parts of the Lands in Little Walfmgbam aforefaid, as the faid Commiffioners fhall think proper (the Annual Value of fuch Allotment or Allotments being equal to the Annual Value of the Remainder of the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds in Little Wolfing, bam aforefaid), and the laft mentioned Allotment or Allotments fhall be veiled in the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the lafl-mentioned Manor, and the Curate, Churchwardens, and Overfeers of the Poor of Little Walfmgbam aforefaid for the Time being, as Truftees for the poor Inhabitants of the fame Parifh for ever, and fhall be ploughed, fown, tilled, cultivated, improved, let, demifed or othervvife held, ufed, managed or difpofed of, and the Produce, Rents, and Profits thereof fhall be received and applied by the Truftees of the fame Allotment or Allotments refpedtively for the Time being, or the major Parc of them for the Ufe and benefit of fuch poor Inhabitants of the Parifh of Little Walfmgbam aforefaid, who fhall be legally fettled therein, and fhall not refpedtively occupy Lands or Tenements of more than the Yearly Value of Three Pounds, in fuch Manner and under fuch Rules and Regulations as the faid Truflees for the Time being or the major Part of them fhall appoint and prelcribe, and not otherwife.

XXVI.	And be it further ena£ted,Tlut the faid Commiffioners fhall aflign, Allotment for fet out, and adot, unto the Surveyors of the Highways within the Parifh pubi:cSand°r

of

Allotment tor Public Sand and Gravel Pits in Little Walfingbam.

588

and Giavit Pits in Great Walfingham.

Allotment for. the Poor of Great Wal. finghatr..

The PtiMlc andCharuable Allotments to be freed from Tcthes and Parochial Charges.

Allotment for Right of Soil in Great Wal-finghaui.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

of Great Walfingham aforefaid, any Part of the Lands in the fame Parilh not exceeding Three Acres, as and for public watering Places for Cattle, and as and for public Sand, Gravel. Stone, Clay, Marl, and Chalk Pits ; and it fhall be lawful for the Surveyors of the Highways, and the Proprietors of Lands and Eftates within the fame Parilh, and their Tenants for the Time being refpeflively, to ufe fuch Allotment or Allotments for thePurpofes aforefaid, in fuch Manner, and under fuch Rules and Regulations as the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the faid Manor of Great Walfingham late the Queen's, and the Curate, Churchwardens, and Overfeers of the Poor, and the Surveyors of the Highways of Great Wal-fingham aforefaid for the Time being, or the major Part of them, fhali from Time to Timediredt or appoint; and the Grafs and Herbage of the laft-mentioned Allotment or Allotments fhall be from Time to Time let by the Surveyors of the Highways in Great JValftngbam aforefaid for the Time being, at and for the belt Rent that can be obtained for the fame, and fuch Rent fhall be applied towards the Repair of the public Roads in the fame Parilh.

XXVII.	And beit further enabled, That the faidCommiflionerslhall aflign, fet out, and allot unto the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the laid Manor of Great Walfingham late the Queen's, and the Curate, Churchwardens, and Overleers of the Poor ot Great IValfingham aforefaid, for the Time being, fuch Part or Parts of the Lands in Great IValfingham aforefaid, as the faid Commiffioners (hall think proper (the annual Value of fuch Allotment or Allotments not exceeding the annual average Value of Fifteen Acresof the Whole of the faid Commons and WalteGrounds in Great IValfingham aforefaid); and fuch Allotment or Allotments (hall be vefted in the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of thelaft-mentionedManor,and the Curate Churchwardens, and Overfeers of the Poor of the 1’arilh of Great Walfingham aforefaid for the Time being, as Trufteesfor the poor Inhabitants of the fame Parilh for ever, and (hall be ploughed, fown, tilled, cultivated, improved, let, deinifed, or otherwife held, ufed,managed, or dilpofed of, and the Rents, Produce, and Profits thereof, (hall be received and applied by the Trudees of the fame Allotment or Allotments refpeflively, for the Time being, or the major Part of them, for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Poor Inhabitants of the Parilh of Great Walfingham aforefaid, who (hall be legally fettled therein, and (hall not refpeflively occupy Lands or Tenements of more than the yearly Value of Three Pounds, in fuch Manner and under fuch Rules and Regulations, as the Trudees of the fame Allotment or Allotments refpeflively for the Time being, or the major Part of them, (hall appoint and preferibe, and not otherwife.

XXVIII.	And be it further enafled, That the Lands herein-before directed to be allotted to the Surveyors of the Highways, and in Truft for the Poor Inhabitants of Great Walfingham and Little Walfingham aforefaid re-fpedlively, fliall from and after the Execution of the faid Award be for ever freed, exonerated, and difeharged of and from the Payment of all Tythes, and of and from all Parochial Taxes, Rates, Charges, Aflielfments, Burthens, or Impofitions whatfover.

XXIX.	And beit further enafled, That the faidCommillioners Ihallaflign, fet out, and allot unto the Lord or Lords, Lady |or Ladies of the laid Manors of Great Walfingham late the Queen’s, Gratigcs in Great Wafing-

*	ham

48* GEORGII m. Cap. ig.	589

ham otherwife Walfingham ad Grangias, Binbam in Great Walfingjiam,

Bolts, Fens, Marches, and Hatchows in Great IValfingham, Col/inghams • and Powers in Great IValfingham, Little Waljingbam late the Queen’s, and Granges in Little IValfingham otherwife IValfingham ad Grangias, foTthe Time being, and unto the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the faid Lordffiip or Manor of Great Waljingbam, with the Leet and View of Frankpledge for the Time being, or unto any other Perfon or Perfons being Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of any Manor or Manors within the Parifh of Great Walftngham aforefaid, or to fuch of them as is, are, or (hall, in the Judgment of the faid Commiffioners, be entitled to the Soil of the faid Commons and Wade Grounds in Great Waljingbam aforefaid, or any Part thereof, fuch Parc or Parts of the Lands in Great Walfingham aforefaid, as (hall in the Judgment of the faid Commiffioners be equal in Value to One Twentieth Part of the faid Commons and Waite Grounds in the lad-mentioned Pariffi; and fuch Allotment or Allotments lhall be a full Compenfation and Recompence to fuch Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, for his, her, or their Right in and to the Soil of fuch Commons and Wade Grounds.

XXX.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiffioners ffiall, with

all convenient Speed after the palling of this Aft, afcertain the Lands ment o* Tithe* which are fubjeft to the Payment of Tythes to the faid Daniel Henry Lee tothe lm-Werner, as Owner of the faid Impropriate Reftories of Great Walfingham	°‘

and Little Walfingham aforefaid refpeftively, and lhall then fet out and Little wai-allot unto the faid Daniel Henry Lee Warner, or the Owner of the faid	'

Impropriate Reftories of Great Walfingham and Little Walfingham afore- and Aiiot-faid, for the Time being refpeftively, fuch Part of the Lands in the ™adLSii»°i^-a Parilhes of Great Walfingham and Little IValfingham aforefaid refpeftively, thereof, as fhall in the Judgment of the faid Commiffioners be equal in Value to fuch Tythes; and fuch Allotment or Allotments ffiall be accepted bv the faid Daniel Henry Lee IVarner, or the Owner of the faid Impropriate Reftories of Great Walfingham and Little Walfingham aforefaid refpeftively for the Time being, in lieu of and as a full Recompence and Satisfaftion for fuch Tythes, and lhall be dedufted in due Proportions out of and from the Lands belonging, or to be allotted to the Perfon or Perfons whofe Lands ffiall be fo afeertained to be fubjeft to the Payment of fuch Tythes as aforefaid.

XXXI.	Provided always, that in cafe any Proprietor or Proprietors, of But fuch Lands in the Parilhes of Great Walfingham and Little Walfingham afore- c0mmu«dfor faid, or either of them, which are fubjeft to the Payment of Tythes as by Money, aforefaid, lhall be defirous of making a pecuniary Satisfaftion for the fame,

and ffiall by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, fignify fuch Defire to the laid Commiffioners at any Time within Six Calendar Months nexr after the palling of this Aft, tnen and in fuch Cafe the faid Commiffioners ffiall make a Valuation of fuch Tythes, and the Proprietor or refpeft've Proprietors of the I .ands fo fubjeft to the Payment of Tythes as aforefaid, ffiall pay or caufe to be paid to the faid Commiffioners* or to fuch Perfon or Perfons, and at fuch Time or Times as the faid Commiffioners ffiall appoint, fuch Sum or Sums of Money as the faid Commiffioners ffiall adjudge and determine to be the Value of and a full Compenfation and Satisfaftion for fuch Tythes; and it ffiall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners to order and diieft that fuch Money fo to be paid as aforefaid \JLoc. ftf Per.]	7 K	ffiall

59°	4&uGEORGII	III.	Cap.	39..

(hall be applied in or towards defraying the Parr, Share, or Proportion of the Cofts and Expences of obtaining and palling this Aft, and of executing the faid recited Aft and this Aft, which lhall be charged upon or payable by the faid Daniel Henry Lee Warner, or the Owner or Owners of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of him the faid Daniel Henry Lee Warner in Great Walfingham, Little Walfingham, and Houghton aforefaid for the l ime being, in relpecl of the Allotments to be made to him or them by virtue of this Aft ; and in cafe any fuch Order or Direction (hall be made by the faid Commiflioners, and any Surplus of fuch Money (hall remain after the Performance of fuch Order or Direftion, then fuch Surplus, or in cafe no fuch Order or Direftion (hall be made then all fuch Money, fliall be paid into the Bank ot England, according to the Direftions of the faid recited Aft, with retpeft to Money which is thereby direfted to be paid into the Bank of England, tor the Purchafe or Exchange of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be fet led to the fame XJI’es, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which ought to be laid out in the Purchale of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as therein mentioned.

Linds tubjeft XXXII. And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiflioners fliall alfo men*of1**	*dcerta'n the Lands, which are fubjeft to the Payment of Tythes or any

Tithe, &c. to Modus, Compofition, Penfion, Stipend, or Sum of Money to the faid the Curate of James Lee Warner, as Curate of the faid Parilhes of Great Walfingham neWalfing^1" and Little Walfingham aforefaid refpeftively, and fliall then let out and ham to be af- allot unto the faid James Lee Warner, or the Curate of the lalt mentioned Ai)owenu*w Par'^es refpeftively for the Time being fuch Part of the Lands in Great beinadeiniieu Walfingham and Little Walfingham aforefaid refpeftively, as fhall in the thereof.! Judgment of the faid Commiflioners be equal in Value to fuch Tythes, or to fuch Modus, Compofition, Penfion, Stipend, or Sum of Money payable to the faid James Lee Warner, as Curate as aforefaid, and fuch Allotment ot Allotments fhall be accepted by the faid James Lee Warner, or the Curate of the lafl mentioned Parilhes refpeftively for the Time being, in lieu of and as a full Recompence and Satisfaftion for fuch Tythes, or for fuch Modus, Compofition,Penfion,Stipend,or SumofMoney, fo payable 10 the faid James Lee Warner, as Curate as aforefaid, and fhall be dedufted in due Proportions out of and from the Lands belonging or to be allotted to the Perfon or Perfons whofe Lands lhall be fo afeertained to be fubjeft to the Payment of fuch Tythes, or fuch Modus,Compofition, Penfion, Stipend, or Sum of Money as aforefaid.

Commiflion-eri, in making a Valuation of Tithes to have regard to Kighti of Common in Great Walfingham appurtenant to Titheable Lands |

XXXIII.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That in cafe the Owner or Owners of any Lands in Great Walfingham aforefaid, which fhall be afeertained by the faid Commiflioners to be fubjeft to the Payment of Tythes as aforefaid, fhall be entitled to any Allotment or Allotments I6r or in refpeft of any Right of Sheep Walk, Common of Paftm e, or other Commonable Right or Interefl appurtenant or appendant to fuch Lands, the faid Commilf oners, in making a Valuation of fuch Tithes, fhall take into their Confideration the Allotment or Afiotments to which the Owner or Owners of fuch Lands fhall be entitled as aforefaid, in refpeft of the Right of Sheep Walk, Common of Pafture, or other commonable Right or Interefl appurtenant or appendant thereto, and the Tithes to be yearly arifing, growing, or renewing out of or from the fame Allotment or

Allotments

59*

480 GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

Allotments refpeftively, and (hall make a Compenfation for fuch Tithes

accordingly.

XXXIV.	Provided alfo, and be it enafted, That in making Compenfation

for the Great and Small i’ithes within the faid Parilh of Great Wolfing- T^he-free bam, the faid Cominifljoners (hall have due regard to all and every IW-L,mi9 inGre.t emption and Exemptions from the Payment of Tithes in Kind, and to any u •1 '"s1-"-Modus, Compofition, Penfion, Stipend, or Sum of Money, due or payable for or in lieu or in refpeft of any Tithes or Titheable Matcers arifing, growing, or renewing wirhin the fame Parilh; and that in making fuch Compenfation as aforefaid, all and every the Lands within the lame Parilh which lhall be afligned and allotted to any Perfon or Perfons for and in refpeft of any Right of Sheep Walk, Common of Palture, or other Commonable Right or Interelt appendant, appurtenant, or in anywile belonging to any Lands within the fame Parilh which are freed, exempted, or tlifeharged from the Payment of Tithes either Great or Small, lhall be in like Manner deemed to be Tithe free, and lhall be fo confidered by the faid Commiffioneis in making Compenfation for the faid Great and Small Tithes within the faid Parilh. of GreatWalfngbam.

XXXV.	And be it further enafted, That for better enabling the faid AnAccount

Commillioners to afeertain the Lands which are fubject to the Payment	to	be

of Tythes, or any Modus, Compofition, Penfion, Stipend, or Sum of Tithe-free to Money as aforefaid, all and every Perfon and Perfons who lhall claim to

be entitled to any Lands exempted from the Payment of Tithes in Kind, f10ner,. lhall, at the Firlt or Second Meeting of the faid Commillioners, deliver to them a Schedule, in Writing, of the Lands claimed to be wholly ex* emptedfrom the Payment of Tithes, and of the Lands claimed to befubjeft to the Payment of any Modus, Compofition, Penfion, Stipend, or Sum of Money as aforefaid, together with an Account of every fuch Modus, Compofition, Penfion, Stipend, or Sum of Money, and to whom and for what Tithes, or on what Account the fame is' claimed to be payable; and the faid Commiffioners lhall, with all convenient Speed after the Receipt of every fuch Schedule and Account, caufe a Copy thereof to be delivered to the Impropriator of the Reftories of Great Walfingham and Little Walfingham aforefaid, and the Curate of the laid Donatives or Perpetual Curacies for the Time being refpeftively.

XXXVI.	Provided always, and be itenafted.That until Compenfation lhall Tithes, &c. be made purfuant to this Aft for fuch Tithes, Modus or Modufes, Com- p^t‘o pofition or Compofitions, Penfion or Penfions, Stipend or Stipends, or laMeT lor Sum or Sums of Money as lhall be due and payable to the faid Daniel Henry Lee Warner, or the Impropriator of the Reftories of Great Walfmgham and Little Waif n^ham aforefaid refpeftively, for the Time being, and to the faid Janes Lee Warner, or the Curate of the faid Donatives, or Perpetual Curacies refpeftively for the Tiine being, fuch Tithes, Modus or Modufes, Compofition or Compofitions, Penfion or Penfions, Stipend or Stipends, or Sum or Sum1 of Money, lhall be payable and paid in the fame Manner as if this Aft had not been pafied.	■	>.	.	•<	•	•	1

XXXVII.	Provided alfo,That nothing in the faid recited Aft or this Aft contained, lhall prejudice, Ieflen, defeat, or in any Manner affeft the Right or Title of the faid James Lee Warner, or the Curate of the faid Donatives,

or

Curate’sRight to Rafter Of-feiings. Sec. not to be af-fefled by this AS.

592

Alloimtnt to the V.lue of One Acre to the Owner of eacliConmon-able Hoi fe in Great Wal-fingbam.

Allotment of the Relidue in Great and Little Willingham.

Particular Allotment to Wni. Biooke.

Allotment for Publ c Sand and Gravel Pin in Houghton.

48* GE ORG 11 III. 'Cap. 19.

or Perpetual Curacies refpeftively, for the Time being, ro any Mortuaries, Eafter Offerings, or Surplice Fees, arifing or becoming due to him or them refpeftively, but that fuch Mortuaries, Eafter Offerings, or Surpiice Fees, (hall be payable and paid at all Times hereafter in the fame Manner as if this Act had not been puffed.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enabled,That the Paid Commiffioners (hallaflign, fet out,and allot unto the feveral Ownersof Mefl'uagesorCottagesin Great Walfingham aforefaid, having in refpeft thereof any Right of Common upon the laid Commons and Wafte Grounds in the laft mentioned Parilh, tuch Pan of the Lands in Great Walfingham afoiefaid as the laid Commilfioners (hall deem and confider to be equal in Value per Annum to the annual Average Value of One Acre of the faid Commons and Wade Grounds in the fame Parilh, for each and every fuch Meffuage or Cottage refpeftively over and above the Allotment or Allotments to which the Owners of fuch Meffuages or Cottages refpeftively (hall be entitled by virtue of this Aft.

XXXIX.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiffioners (hail a(Tign, fet out, and allot the Refidue and Remainder of the Lands in Great Walfingham and Little Walfingham aforefaid, unto and among the feveral Owners and Proprietors thereof, and all and every Perfon or Perfons, and Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, having any Right or Intercft in,to, over, or upon the fame, or any Part thereof, in luch Shares and Proportions as the faid Commiffioners (hall adjudge and determine to be proportionate to the Value of and a full Satisfaction and Compenfa-tion to him, her, or them refpeftively, for his, her, or their refpeftive Parts and Shares of fuch Lands, and his, her, or their refpeftive Rights and Interefts therein ; lave and except the Owners of Meffuages, Cottages, Lands and Tenements in Little Walfingham aforefaid refpeftively, in refpeft of his, her, or their Rights and Interefts in, over, or upon the faid Commons and Wade Lands in the fame Parilh.

XL. Provided always, and be it enafted, That the Allotments to be made by virtue of this Aft to the laid William Brooke (hall comprehend fuch Part of the Land lying in the North Field of Great Walfingham aforefaid, as (hall in the Judgment of the faid Commilfioners be equal in Value to the Lands of the faid William Brooke now lying ir* the fame Field.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the faid Commiffioners (hall aflign, fet out and allot unto the Surveyors of the Highways in the Parilh of Houghton aforefaid, any Part of the Lands lying in ihe fame Parifh not exceeding Three Acres, as and for public Watering Places, for Cattle, and as and for public Sand, Gravel, Stone, Clay, Marl, and Chalk Fits, and fuch Allotment or Allotments (hall from and after the Execution of the faid Award be for ever freed, exonerated and difeharged fiom the Payment of all Tythes, and from all Parochial Taxes, Rates, Charges, Burthens, Afifefl'ments, or Impofitions whatfoever; and it (hall and may be lawful for the Surveyors of the Highways, and the Proprietors of Lands and Eftates within the Parilh of Houghton aforelaid, and their Tenants for the Time being refpeftively, to ufe fuch Allotment or Allotments tor the Purpofes aforefaid, in fuch Manner and under fuch Rules and Regulations 5	,	as

593

48° GEORG!I III. Cap. $9.

as the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the laid Manors in Houghton aforefaid, the Vicar, and the Churchwardens and Ovcrleers of the Poor, and Surveyors of the Highways in Houghton aforefaid, for the Time being, or the major Part of them, fhall from Time to Time dired and appoint; and the Grafs and Herbage of tie lad mentioned Allotment or Allotments (hall be from Time to Time let by the Surveyors of the Highways in Houghton aforefaid, for the Time being, at and for the bed Renr that can be obtained for the fame ; and fuch Rent (hall be applied towards the Repairs of the Public and Private Roads in Houghton aforefaid.

XLIL Provided always, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Lord or Lords of Ma-Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Paid Manors of Great Wafingbatyi late the vicar,to’ Queen's and Little Walfingham late the Queen’s refpedively, the Curate of a£t by Proxy, the Parilhes of Great Walfingham and Little Walfingham aforefaid refpec-tively, and the Vicar of the faid Vicarage for the Time being, to ad in the Execution of theTruds, Powers, and Authorities hereby repofed and veded in them refpedively by his, her, or their refpedive Agents or Proxies to be appointed by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or refpedive Hands; fuch Agents or Proxies refpedively producing their Appointment or refpedive Appointments at the l ime of their refpedively ading by virtue thereof.

XLIII. And be it further enaded, That the faid Commiflioners fhall adign, Allotment for fet out, and allot unto the Lord or Lor is, Lady or Lad es of the faid Manor of Houghton Roos otherwife Sydneys for the Time being, iuch Part or Parts of the Lands in Houghton aforelaid, as fhall in the Judgment of the faid Commiflioners be equal in Value to one Twentieth Part of the f id Commons and Wade Grounds in Houghton aforelaid, and the faid Allotment or Allotments lhall be a full Compenfation and Reeotnpence to fuch Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, for his, her, or their Right in and to the Soil of fuch Commons and Waite Grounds.

XL1V. Andbe it further enaded, That the faid Commiflioners (hall afiign, Allotment cut fet out, and allot unto the feveral Owners of Mefluages or Cottages in Houghton aforefaid, having in refpect thereof any Right of Common upon Wxite (he Commons and Wade Grounds in the lad mentioned Pariih, fuch Part or Parts of the Lands in Houghton aforefaid, as the faid Commiflioners ,i,e Value «,f lhall deem and confider to be equal in Value per Annum to the annual T*o *-crei to average Value of Two Acres of the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds in the fame Pariih, for each and every fuchMefluage or Cottage refpedively, monabic over and above the Allotment or Allotments to which the Owners of fuch rioufi-Mefluages or Cottages refpedively lhall be entitled by virtue of this Ad.

XLV. And be it furth- r eraded. That the faid Commiflioners fhall aflign, Allotment c f fet out, and allot the Refidue and Remainder of the Lands in Houghton the Rcfi Hie in aforefaid, unto and among the feveral Owners and Proprietors thereof, and all and every Pcrfon or Perfons, and Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, having any Right or Imereft, in, to, over, or upon the fame, or any Part thereof, in fuch Shares and Proportions as the laid Com-nnifloners lhall adjudge and determine to be proportionate to the Value of and a full Satisfaction and Compenfation to him, her, or them refoec-[Loc. itf Per.}	7	I.	lively.

594

Dire^ions as to ' U>tmen:« of Meadow Land.

tor fencing the Public and Charitable, and 'he Cu-ra.es and Vicars Allotments.

If any Perfon ftl’s his Common Right,the Allotment is to be made to the Purchaler-

48* GEORG 11 III. Cap. 39

tivcly, for his, her, or their refpetSive Parts and Shares of fuch Lands# and his, her, or their refpeflive Rights and Interefts therein.

XLVI.Provided always, Thatin makingthe faidAllotments, the faidCom-miflioners fhall have Regard to the Quantity and Quality of the Meadow Land belonging to the faid Proprietors refpectively, and (hall allot to them refpectivelv, fo much Meadow Land in the Parifhes of Great Wal/ingham, Little Walfmgbam, and Houghton aforeLid refpediively, as /hall in the Judgment of the Lid Commilfioners be equal in Value, or as nearly equal in Value as Circum/lances will permit," to the Meadow Land which be» longed to fuch Proprietors refpedtively, at or immediately before the Time of making the faid Allotments.

XLVII. And be it further enafted. That the Allotments which /hall be made to the Surveyots of the Highways and Tru/tees for the Poor, and to the Curate of the Pari/hes of Great Walfmgbam and Little Walfingham aforefaid, in right of the faid Curacies refpettively, and to the Vicar of the faid Vicarage of Houghton aforefaid, in right of the faid Vicarage, fhall be inclofed and fenced on the Guifide of fuch Allotments refpeclively, and fuch Fences /hall be maintained and kept in repair by fuch Perff>n or Perfcns, and in fuch Manner as the Lid Commiflioners /hall by their Award, or by any other Writing under their Hands, direft and appoint.

XLVIII. Provided always, That if any Perfon, (except the Curate of thePa-rifhes of Great Wal/ingbampnd LittleWafnghamztorefiid fortheTimebeing, in refpeft of the faid Curacies refpeftive'y, or the Vicar of the Vicarage of Houghton aforefaid for the Time being,in refpecfofthefaid Vicarage,) hath fold or contracted or agreed to fell, or /hall at any Time before the Execution of the faid Award fell or contraft, or agree to fell his or her Right,

I.itereft, and Property in, to, over, or upon the Lands hereby dtrefted to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof, to any other Perfon, then and in every fuch Cafe it /hall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, upon receiving Notice of any fuch Contract, Sale, or Agreement, to make an Allotment of Land unto the Vendee or Purchafer, in every fuch Sale, Contract, or Agreement, or to his or her Heirs or Afiigns for and in refpeft of fuch Right, Intereft, and Property fo fold or contra&ed, or agreed to be fold as aforefaid ; and every fuch Vendee or Purchafer, or his or her Heirs or Afligns (ball and may, from and after the Execution of the faid A ward, hold and enjoy the Land fo to be allotted to him, her, or them as aforefaid, in the fame Manner as the Vendor in fuch Sale, Contraft, or Agreement might, could, or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame in caie fuch Sale, Contract, or Agreement had not been made, or fuch Kighr, Intereft, or Property had been vefted in fuch Vendor at the Time of making fuch Allotment as aforefaid.

separitt Ai- XLIX. And be it further enafled, That in cafe any Proprietor or lotments to be pr0prjetors of any Mefluages, Eands, or Tenements, within the Pa-Eftateshel*1 ri/hes of Great IValfmgkam, Little IValJingham, and Houghton aforefaid umierdiff',ent refpedively, fhall hold the fame by different Tenures, or for different THl*.	Eftates, or in different Rights, or under different Titles, the faid Com-

miflioners (hall upon the Requeft of any fuch Proprietor or Proprietors, afeertain and diftingui/h the Mefluages, Lands, and Tenemeits held

by

595

48° GEORG! I; III. Cap. 39.

by each of fuch Tenures, for each of fuch Eftates, and under each of fuch Rights or Titles .-relpeftively, and lhall accordingly in their Lid Awaid aflign, let out and allot difirntt and feveral Allotments by di-ftind and federal Defcriptions, for.luch r.e'pective Mdluages, Lands, or Tenements, and (hall declare in Right of what Eftate or Ellates (u .h Allotments refpeflively fhall have been made; and in cafe the faid Commif-fioners, from Want of ncceifaiy Information, or from any other Caule,

(hall not difcriminate and di.ftinguifh fuch different Rights or Titles, different Eftates, and different Tenures in.their Award, it (hall be lawful for them at any Time afterwards, upon the Requeft in Writing of any Perfon or Perfons interefted, to do or caufe to be done all proper and necelfary Afts for the Purpofes of enabling them to make fuch Difcrimination and Diftinftion as afoiefaid, in the fame Manner as they might or could have done by their faid Award, and when and fo foon as the faid Commiflioners (hall have obtained fufficient Information for the Purpofe by any Deed or InftrumentinWritingunder their Hands and Seals, to afeertain and diftin-guifh the Difference of fuch Tenures, Eftates, Rights, and Titles refpec-tively, and (hall make diftinct and feveral Allotments in the fame Manner as they are hereby authorized to do by their faid Award ; and every fuch Deed or Inftrument {hall have the fame Force and Effe£l as if the fame was contained in the faidAtvaid, and (hall be delivered to thePerfon or Perfons upon whofe Requeft the fame fhall have been executed, or to the Perfon or Perfons to whom theCuftodyof the Deeds and Writings concerning the Title to the Premiles in queftion fhall, in the Opinion of the faid Commiflioners properly belong for the Time being; and all the Cofts,

Charges and Expences, which fhall be occafioned by the Proceedings of. the faid Commiflioners, in making fuch Difcrimination, Difti ction, ami Allotment or Allotments, and of preparing and executing any fuch Deed or Inftrumenr, or in anywife relating thereto, Hull be afeertained and fettled by the faid Commiflioners, and fhall be paid by the Perlon or Perfons who fhall make fuch Requeft as aforefaid, or by his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, or Adminiftrators to fuch Perfon and at fuch Time and Place as the laid Commiflioners fhall by Writing under their Hands, appoint; and in cafe fuch Cofts, Charges, and Expences fhall not be fo paid, it (hail be lawful for the faid Commiinoners, and they are hereby required to raife and levy the fame by fuch Ways and Means as the Cofts, Charges, and Expences of obtaining this Aff and executing the faid recited Act and this Act, can or may be raifed and levied.

L. And whereas the Loid or Lords, I.ady or Ladles, of the Manors Power ^tn-herein-before mentioned or fome or One of them, or of fome other Ma- frandtife «"th nor or Manors within or extending into the Parifhes of Great Walfingham, the WdTand Little Walfingham, and Houghton aforefaid, or fome or one of thern^ may be Tenants for willing to inanumife and enfranchife the Mdluages, Lands, orTenements, La,’d‘-held of the faid Manors refpedtively by Copy of Court Roll, and alfo to releafe and extinguifh all Fines, Heriots, Chief Rents, Quit Rents, Cuf-toms, and Set vices, which are or fhall be due and payable to them refpec-tively out of and for or in relptS of fuch Copyhold Mdluages, Lands, or Tenements, and all Rents and Keliefs which are or (hall be due and payable to them refpectively out of and for or in refpeft of any Freehold Hereditaments; anti the feveral Owners and Proprietors of fuch freehold and Copyhold Hereditaments may be defirous of procuring fuch Manu-M’1	°	million

596

Pov/tr to en-franchife for Money.

480 GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

miffion and Enfranchifement, Releafe and Extinguifhment; be it therefore enafted, That it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, with the Confent in Writing of the Lord or Lords, I.ady or Ladies, of any fuch Manor or Manors refpedlively, and of the Owner or Owners of any fuch Melfuages, Lands, and Tenements refpectively, to affign, let our, and allot, unto fuch Lord or Lords, l ady or Ladies refpectively, any Mef-fuages. Lands, or Tenements, within the Parithes of Great Wal/ingham, Little Waljingham, and Houghton aforcfaid respectively, as fhall in the judgment of the faid Commifiioners be a full Equivalent, Satisfaction, and Compenfation to fuch Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies relpectively, for all Fines, Heriots, Chief Rems, Quit Rents, Reliefs, Cufloms, and Services, which are or fhall be due and payable to them refpectively, out of and for and in refpect of any fuch Freehold or Copyhold Hereditaments, which fhall by any luch Confent in Writing as aforefaid be agreed to be releafed and extinguifhed, and that the Premifes fo to be allotted as laft aforefaid fhall be deducted out of the Allotment or Allotments, to which fuch Owner or Owners of fuch Freehold or Copyhold Hereditaments tefpectively fhall be entitled by virtue of this Act; and all fuch Copyhold Hereditaments fhall from and after the Execution of the laid Award be held and enjoyed by the Perfon or Perfons entitled thereto, freed and difcharged of and from all Fines, Heriots, Chief Rents, Quit Rents, Cufloms and Services whatfoever now due and payable as aforefaid, and fhall pafs by Deed or Will, and be deffendible as Freehold Ef-tates of Inheritance; and every fuch Enfranchifement of Copyhold or Cuf-tomary Meffuages, Lands, and Tenements, and every fuch Releafe and Extinguifhment of any Rents or Reliefs ifl'uing cut of any fuch Freehold Lands, and Hereditaments fhall be mentioned and defcribed in the faid Award : Provided always, that the Lands, which fhall be afligned, fet out, and allotted to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of fuch Manor or Manors, as laft aforefaid, fhall ftand limited and fettled,and fhall be veiled in and be held and enjoyed by him, her, or them refpectively, in fuch Manner and to, for, and upon fuch Eflates, Ules, Trulls, Intents, and Purpoles, as the fame Manor or refpective Manors fhall be held and enjoyed by him, her, or them refpectively, at the Time of making fuch Allotment or Allotments,

LI. Provided alfo, and be it enafled. That it fhall be lawful for the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the relpeftive Manors hereinbefore mentioned, or any other Manor or Manors within or extending into the Panfhes of Great Walfingbam, Little Waljingham, and Houghton aforefaid refpectively, at any Time before the Execution of the faid Award, in con-fideration of a competent Sum of Money, to comraft and agree with any of the Proprietors of Meffuages, Lands, and Tenements, in Great Waljingham, Little Walfingbam, and Houghton aforefaid refpedlivety, or any adjoining Parifh or Parifhes held of fuch Manors, or any of them, by Copy of Court Roil, for the abfolute and perpetual Manumiflion and Enfranchifement of fuch Meffuages, Lands, or Tenements, from luch Copyhold Tenure, and for the Releafe and Extinguifhment of all Fines, Heriots, Chief Rents, Quit Rents, Cufloms. and Services, which are or fhall be due and payable in refpedl of fuch Copyhold Premifes, and of all Rents and Reliefs which are or fhall be due and payable in refpedt of any Freehold Hereditaments, to fuch Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies refpeftively ; and ail and every fuch Contra&s or Agreements being reduced into Writing, and fjgned by

the

48# GEORGII III. Cap. 39*

the Parties thereto refpedively,(hall be produced to thefaidCommiffioners ; and in cafe they (hall approve of any fuch Contracts or Agreements it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, by any Writing under their Hands, to ratify and confirm the fame refpedively; and every fuch Contract and Agreement fo ratified and confirmed, fhall be good, valid, and effectual in Law for the Purpofes thereof, and the Money thereby agreed to be paid to any Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the faid Manors refpedively fhall be paid to the faid Commiffioners, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they fhall appoint; and if fuch Money fhall not be paid accordingly. the faid Commiffioners fhall caufe the fame to be raifed and levied by fuch Ways and Means as the Cofts, Charges, and Expences of obtaining this Act, and executing the faid recited Act and this Act, can or may be raifed and levied ; and all and every fuch Contracts and Agreements fo approved, ratified, and confirmed as aforefaid, or the Sub-fiance thereof, fhall be inferted or fet forth in the faid Award, and the MefTuages, Lands, and Tenements therein defcribed and fpecified, fhall, from and after the Execution of the faid Award, be and for ever remain manumifed and enfranchifed, and fhall be for ever exonerated, freed, relealed, and difcharged, cf and from all Fines, Heriots, Chief Rents,

Quit Rents, Reliefs, Cuftoms, and Services, which fhall or may be due and payable in refped thereof, to fuch Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies refpectively as aforefaid, and the fame Premifes fhall be held and enjoyed as Freehold Eftates of Inheritance.

Lit. Provided alfo, and be it enaded, That in cafe any Contract or Dirfctin? th-Agreement for fuch Manumiffion, Enfranchifement, Releafe and Ex-AppUrationof tinguifhment fhall be made by any Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of any pnTd^or'facii fuch Manor or Manors, who fhall not be feifed of or entitled to fuch Enfranchife-Manor or Manors in Fee Simple in Poffeffion, then and in fuch Cafe it mem‘ fhall be lawful for the faid Commiilioners to order and dired that the Money which fhall by any ftich Contract or Agreement be agreed to be paid to fuch Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies refpedively, fhall be applied in oj. towards defraying the Part, Share, or Proporiion, and Parts, Shares, or Proportions of the Cofts and Expences of obtaining and paffing this Act, and of executing the faid recited Act and this Ad, which fhall be charged upon or payable by fuch Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies refpectively, in refped of the Allotments to be made to him, her, or them refpedively by virtue of this Ad ; and in cafe any fuch Order or Direction fhall be made by the faid Commiffioners, and any Surplus of fuch Money fhall remain after the Performance thereof, then fuch Surplus, or in cafe no fuch Order or Diredion fhall be made, then all fuch Money fhall be paid into the Bank of England according to the Diredions contained in the faid recited Ad, with refped to Money which is thereby direded to be paid into the Bank of England for the Purchafe or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be fettled to the fame Ufes, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which ought to be laid out in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as therein mentioned.

597

L1II. And be it further enaded, That the faid Commiffioners when and Aliotmen:»to fo foonas they fhall have afcertained the Rights and Iuterefis of the feveral be Parties entitled to, and interefled in the Lands hereby direded to be ind'ihewn'to’ divided and allotted, (hall raufe the feveral Allotments propofed to be *'’« Proprit.

.	7	M	m*de	tor,‘

598

Tor allowing Exchanges 10 be made.

Dirtflio’n as to the Award.

4-8‘GEORGII 111. Cap. 39.

made by them to be diftinftly laid down and delineated upon a Map or Plan for the Infpeftion and Examination of the feveral Parties iaterefled in the faid Allotments; and in cafe any Objeftion or Objeftions (hall be made to the propofed Allotments, the Party or Parties making the fame lhall fign and deliver a Statement thereof in Writing to the faid Commif-fioners, who fhall immediately, or within a convenient Time afterwards, take the fame into their Confideration, and determine the Matter thereof, and the Determination of the faid Commiflioners therein fhall be final, binding, and conclufive.

LIV. And be it further enafted, That it fhalljbe lawful for the faid Commiflioners to fet out, allot, and award any Meffiiages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatfoever, within the Parilhes of Great JVal/ingham, Little Walfingham, and Houghton aforefaid, or either of them, in lieu of and in exchange for any other Mcfluages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the fame Parilhes refpeftively, or within any adjoining Parilh, Hamlet, Townfhip, or Place, provided that all fuch Exchanges lhall be afcertained, fpecified, and declared in the faid Award, and be made with the Confent of the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Premifes which lhall be fo exchanged, whether fuch Proprietor or Proprietors lhall be a Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail general or fpecial, or by the Courtefey of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Confent of the Guardians, Truftees, or Feoffees for charitable, parochial, or other Ufes, Hufbands, Committees, or Attornies of or afting for any fuch Proprietor or Proprietors, who at the Time of making fuch Exchange or Exchanges lhall be refpeftively Infants, Femes Covert, Idiots, Lunatics, or under any other legal Difability, or who lhall be beyond the Seas, orotherwife difabled to aft for themfelves, himfelf, or herfelf, (fuch Confent to be teftified in Writing under the common Seal of the Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other con-fenting Parties refpeftively,) and all and every fuch Exchange and,.Ex-changes fo made lhall be good, valid, and effeftual in Law to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever : Provided neverthelefs, that no Exchange lhall be made of any Meffuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, held in Right of any Ecclefiaftical Benefice, without the Confenc teftified as aforefaid, of the Lord Bilhop of the Diocefe in which fuch Mefluages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, lhall be fituate, and of the Patron of fuch Ecclefiaftical Benefice.

LV. And be it further enafted, That a true Copy of the faid Award wrote upon Parchment, and figned and attefted by the faid Commiflioners to be a true Copy thereof, together with a proper Map or Plan of each of the Parilhes of Great Walfingham, Little Walfingham, and Houghton aforefaid, thereto annexed, lhall, within Twelve Calendar Months after the Execution of the faid Award, be delivered to the Clerk of the Peace for the faid County of Norfolk, who is hereby required to depofit and keep the fame among the Records of the faid County, fo that Recourfe may be had thereto by any Perfon or Perfons interefted in the Premifes, for the Reception whereof the Fee of Five Guineas lhall be paid and no more, and for the Infpeftion and Perufal whereof the Sum of OneShillingand no more lhall be paid j and the faid Award (hall from and after the Delivery of fuch

599

4&* GEORG 11 III. Cap, ft.

Copy thereof, fo figned and attefted as aforefaid. to the faid Clerk of the Peace, be deemed and taken to be inrolled, according to the Direc-tions and within the Meaning of the faid recited A£l; and a Copy of fuch Part of the faid Award as (bail relate to the Parilh of Great Walfingham aforefaid fairly tranfcribed in a Book with a proper Map or Plan of the laft mentioned Parifh (hall within the Time aforefaid be depofited in the Parifh Church of Great Walfingham aforefaid, and there kept in a Tin Box to be provided for that Purpofe; and a Copy of fuch Part of the faid Award as (hall relate to the Parifh of Little Walfingbannfornhid, fairly tranfcribed in a Book with a proper Map or Pian of the laft mentioned Parilh, (hall within the Time aforefaid be depofited in the Parilh Church of Little Walfingham aforefaid, and there kept in a Tin Box to be provided for that Purpofe ; and a Copy of fuch Part of the faid Award as (hall relate to the Parilh of Houghton aforefaid, fairly tranfcribed in a Book with a proper Map or Plan of the laft mentioned Parilh, (hall within the Tim6 aforefaid be depofited in the Parilh Church of Houghton aforefaid, and there kept in a Tin Box to be provided for that Purpofe; and the original Award with a proper Map or Plan of each of the Parilhes of Great Wajingham, Little Walfingham, and Houghton aforefaid, thereto annexed, (hall be delivered to the faid Daniel Henry Lee Warner, his Heirs or Affigns; and the faid Award and Copies thereof and any other Copy of the faid Award, or of the Copy thereof delivered to the faid Clerk of the Peace as aforefatd, 'or any Part or Parts thereof, attefted by the faid Clerk of the Peace or hisDeputy, (forevery Sheet of whichCopy containing Seventy-two Words, Four-pence and no more (hall be paid,) (hall from Time to Time and at all Times thereafter be admitted and allowed as legal Evidence of the Matters and Things therein contained in all Courts whatfoever, and the feveral Allotments, Partitions, Orders, Direflions, Provifions, Matters, and Things contained in the faid Award, Dial! be binding and condufive upon all and every the Parties interefted in the Premifes; and all Rights of Sheep walk and Shackage, and all Commonable Rights and Interefts whatfoever. in, over, or upon theLands in Great Walfingham, Little Walfingham, and Houghton aforelaid refpeclively, (hall from and after the Execution of the faid Award, ceafe, determine, and be for ever extinguilhed ; and the faid Lands in Great Walfingham and Little Walfingham aforefaid refpec-tively (ball for ever thereafter be freed, difeharged, and exonerated of and from the Payment of all Tythes, and all Modules, Compofitions, Pen-fions, Stipends, and Sums of Money, for or in lieu or inrefpeft ofTythqg to any Perfon or PeiLns whomfoever.

LVI. And be it further enafted, That all the Lands which (hall be allotted by virtue of the faid recit'd Act or this Act, to any Perfon or Perfons for or in lieu or in refpect of any Buildings or Lands holden of any Manor or Manors by Copy of Court Roll, or for or in refpect of any Leafenold Buildings or Lands, or for or in refpect of any Right of Sheep Walk, Shackage or other Right or InteTeft appurtenant or appendant to any fuch Copyhold or Leafehold Premifes, (hall, from and after the Execution of the faid Award*, be deemed and taken to be Copyhold or Leafehold, and (hall be held as fuch by and under the fame Tenure, and fufcject to fuch Rents, Payments, Fines, and Services, as the Copyhold or Leafehold Buildings or Lands refpectively, in rdfpect whereof fuch Allotments (hall be made, aTe now held ; and that all and every Perfon and Perfons to whom luch Ci pyhold PremneS (hall be allotted as aforefaid,

(hall

A llotmenfs ftiall be of the fame Tenure nsiheLandt for which th«y are allotted.

6o6	48°	GEORG	11 III. Cap. 39.

lhalj within Six Calendar Months next after the Execution of the faid Award, be admitted Tenant or Tenants to the fame, without paying

any Fine or other Charge ffave and except for the Stamp Duties and Parchment requifite to be ufed for the Copies of fuch Admiflions refpeftively, and fuch reafonable Fees to the Steward or Stewards of the faid Manor or Manors as the faid Commiflioners /hall, by their faid Award, order and direft, to be paid on fuch Admiflions refpeftively); but in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Copyhold Premifes (hall be allotted, (hall not have been admitted to the Copyhold Hereditaments, in lieu or in refpeft whereof fuch Allotment or Allotments /hall be made, or lhall die without having been admitted to the Lands allotted in lieu or in refpeft of fuch Copyhold Hereditaments, then the cuftomary Fines and other Payments lhall be due and payable on the Admiflion of the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands fo allotted as lafl aforefaid ; and after every fuch Firft Admiflion the Copyhold Premifes fo to be allotted as lafl aforefaid lhall at all Times be held under and fubjeft to the fame Tenures, Fines, Paymentc, and Services, as the Copyhold Buildings or Lands in refpeft whereof fuch Premifes were allotted, are now held under and fubjeft to, and the faid Commiflioners lhall, by their faid Award determine, defcribe, and abut the Buildings and Lands refpeftively, which are to be and remain Copyhold or Leai’ehold, and all other Buildings and Lands in the Parilhes of Great Waljingham, Little Waljingham, and Houghton aforefaid (except what lhall be fo alcertained by the laid Com-miflicners to be Copyhold or Leafehold), lhall be deemed, taken, and enjoyed as Freehold, fubjeft neverthelefs to fuch Free Rents and Services as are now due or payable out of the Premifes, for or in lieu or in relpeci: whereof the fame lhall be allotted as aforefaid.

wills ami Set- LVII. Provided always, That nothing in this Aft contained lhall extend, to te afftdteii or conftrued to extend, to revoke, make void, alter, or annul, any Will, Settlement, or Surrender, or to prejudice any Perfon or Perfons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Poriion, Debt or Incumbrance, out of, upon, or affefting any Buildings or Lands in the Parilhes of Great Walfingham, Little Waljbigham, and Houghton aforefaid refpeftively, or any adjoining Parilh or Parilhes which lhall be allotted or exchanged by virtue of the faid recited Aft or this Aft, but that each and every Proprietor lhall Hand and be feifed of the Premifes to be allotted to him or her as aforefaid, to fuch and the fame Ufes, for fuch and the fame Eltates, and fubjeft to inch and the fame Wills, Deeds, Settlements, Surrenders, Debts, Charges, Rents and Incumbrances, and no other, as the Buildings and Lands whereof fuch Proprietor or Proprietors was or were feifed or polfelfed, at or immediately before the Execution of the faid Award, or for which, or in refpeft whereof, fuch Allotments or Exchanges lhall be made, would have been fubjeft to, charged with, or affefted by, in cafe this Aft had not been palled.

Fortner Pro- ■ I-VIII. And be it further enafted, That in cafe any Lands here-piietors nruy	hy direfted to be divided-:and	allotted,	upon	which any Un-

Allotment"	derwood, Bulhes, Whins, Furze or	Shrubs, Gates,	Gate Pcfts, Stijes,

ami takeaway	Polls, Pales or Rails, lhall be growing'or	handing, lhall by "virtue

Trees, &c.	0f this Aft be allotted to any Perfon	or Perfons	other	than fuch Perfon or

Perfons as was. or were the. Owner or Owners thereof at or Immediately before the making fuch Allotment's rcTpeclTvely,' then and-in' every filch'

-	-Cafe

4.S°G£0RGII riL Cap. 39.

Cafe it fhall and may be lawful for the Owner ©r Owners of fuch Underwood, Bufhes, Whins, Furze or Shrubs, Gates, Gate Pods, Stiles, Ports, Pales or Rails, at all feafonable Times within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months after the Execution of the faid Award, or within anv (horter Space of Time, to be appointed by the faid Commiflioners, by Writing under their Hands, to enter into and upon fuch Lands and Grounds whereon fuch Underwood, Bufhes, Whins, Furze or Shrubs, Gates, Gate Ports, Stiles, Ports, Pales or Rails, fhall be fo handing or growing, and to fell, cut down, ftub up, and with Workmen. Servants, Cattle, and Carriages, or otherwife, to take and carry away the fame, to and for his, her, and their own Ufe and Benefit, under fuch Regulations and Redactions as the faid Commiflioners fhall direct and appoint. .

LIX. Provided always. That no Sheep or Lambs fhall be kept in any of the Allotments to be made by virtue of this Aft (whereon any new Fence fhall be raifed) during the Space of Seven Years next after the Execution of the faid Award, unlefs the Perfon keeping the fame fhall firft, at his or her own Expence, make and maintain a fuflicient Fence to guard and protect the young Fences belonging to fuch Allotments refpefttvely from being hurt or damaged by fuch Sheep or Lambs (whether fuch Fences be made or fet by the Owner or Occupier of fuch Allotment or Allotments,-or by the Owner or Occupier of the Allotment or Allotments adjoining thereto) and in cafe any Perfon fhall turn or keep any Sheep or Lambs in any fuch Allotment or Allotments, without raifing and keeping up fuch Fences as aforefaid, it fhall be lawful for the Owner or Occupier of any adjoining Allotment or Allotments, to enter thereon, and to take, drive away, and impound the fame Sheep or Lambs; and in cafe any Sheep, Cattle, or Swine, fhall trefpafe. upon any inclql'ed Land, or fhali rtray or go at large, or be found in any Street, Lane, Road or Highway, within the Parifhes of Great IValJingbam, Little IVaiJhigham, and Houghton aforefaid refpeftively, it fhall be lawful' for the ConRable, Pindar, or any other Perfon, to take, drive away, and impound fuch Sheep, Cattle, or Swine, and to demand and receive of the Owner or Owners thereof, the Sum of One Shilling for every Hurfe, Mare, A Is, or other Neat Stock or Cattle, and Sixpence for every Sheep, Lamb, Swine, or other Cattle, and to detain inch Sheep, Cattle and Swine,, in Pound, until fuch Money fhall be paid and farisfied.	,

LX. And be it further enafted, That; ll Lcafes or other Agreements at Rack Rent or Extended Rem, which are now fubfilling, or refpeft ail or any Part of the Mefluages, Buildings, and Lands, within the Parifhes of Great IVal/Ingham, Little Watfmgham, and Houghton aforefaid, refpeftively, either alone or together, with any other Lands, Tenements, or Hercdita-ments, in any adjoining Parifh or Parilhcs, ihail ceafe, determine, and be void, immediately alter the Lxccut'on of the faid Award, the refpeftive Tenauts or Ldlees of the fame Pr.cmifes receiving from the refpeftive Owners and Proprietors thereof fuch Sum of Money as the faid Commit, fioners final, by any Writing under their Hands, afeertain as realbnable to be paid to fuch Tenant or Tenants as an Equivalent for the feme; and if the Money fo to be alcertaiued as Itfordaid ihail not be paid to the Perfon or Perrons entitled to receive the feme, at the Time and Place which tho ia:d Cotmnillioiurs fhall by fuch Writing appoint for the Payment thereof, iLcc. is* Per.}	7	N	'	j|

6oi-

No Sheep fo lie kept inth« new lndo-fures for Seven Years,

P-vrer to impound Catjlfl itiajing.

t-eafes and Agreements*? Rack Rents to liC voio on making Tenant s :< Satili iaaiou.

£xf ef't certain Leafes gran ted hy Thomas William Coke, Efq. ami an Agreement made by rh* Truftees for the Poor of Utile W.u. ftnghani.

6<sa*	48°	GEORGlI	III.	Cap.	79.

it fliall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby required1, notwithftanding the Execution of the faid Award, to raife and levy fucli Money, by fuch Ways and Means as the Colls, Charges, and Expences of obtaining this Aft, and executing the faid recited Aft and this Aft, or any Part thereof can or may be railed, and levied, and to pay the fame Money accordingly: Provided always, Thatif there fliall be anyLeafe orLeafesof Lands, Part of which /hall lie within the Parilhesof Great Walfingham, Little Walfingham, and Houghton aforefaid, or either of them, and Part in any adjoining Parifh or Parilhcs, all and every fuch Leafe or Leafes at Hack Rent or extended Rent now fubfifting, may and fhall be vacated, but where any Lands fliall have been taken in Exchange, which Lands fhall be under Leafe, and wholy fituate in any adjoining Pardh or Parilhcs, the Ltafe or Leafes of fuch laft-mentioned Lands fhall not be vacated.

LXI. Provided always. That nothing herein contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to make void or annul a certain Indenture of Leafe, bearing Date on the Eleventh Day of October in the Year One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, and made between the faid Thomas William Coke, of the one Part, and Robert Beejlon, fince deceafed, of the other Part j or a certain Indenture of Leafe bearing Date on the Twelfth Day of October in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and three, and made between the faid Thomas William Coke of the one Part, and John Reeve, of the other Part; or a certain Agreement, bearing Date on the Tenth Day of June in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and five, and made between the Feoffees or Truftees for the Poor of the Parilh of Little Walfingham aforefaid of the one Part, and Benjamin Kittmer of the other Part, tfave and except Only as fo fuch Lands which fhall by virtue of the faid recited Aft and this Aft be alligned, let cut, and allotted, to any other Perfon or Perfons, other than and except the faid Thomas William Coke and the faid Feoffees or Truftees refpeftively); and that it fliall be lawful for the faid Leffees or Tenants, in the faid Leafes and Agreements refpectively, their Executors, Adminiftrators, or Alfigns, upon or immediately after the Execution of the faid Award, to enter upon and take Pofl'effion of fuch Lands refpeftively as ihall by virtue of the faid recited Aft and this Aft be ailigued, let out, and allotted to the faid Thomas William Coke and the faid Feofiees or Truftees refpeftively, in lieu and in refpeft of any Lands comprized in the faid Leafes or Agreement refpeftively, which Ihall be affigned, fet out, and allotted to any other Perfon or Perfons, and to hold and enjoy fuch Lands refpeftively, during the then Remainder of the Term of Years mentioned in the faid Leafes and Agreement refpeftively, in the fame Manner as if the fume Lands had been demifed or let by or comprized therein refpeftively.

D rretioru for	LXII.	And be it furtherenafteJ,That the Cofts, Charges, and Expences

Utrnaym.s the incident to and attending the palling of this Aft, and the Survey, Valua-° thn, Divifion, and Allotments of the Lands hereby direfted to be divided and allotted, and the Cofts, Charges, and Expences of incloiing the Allotment or Allotments* which fhall by virtue of this Aft be made to the Curate of the Parilhes of Great Walfingham and Little Walfingham aforefaid refpeftively, in Right of the faid Curacies refpeftively, and of in-clofing the Allotment or Allotments which Ihall by virtue of this Aft be made to the Vicar of the Vicarage of Houghton aforefaid, in Right of die faid Vicamge, and of inclofing the Allotments hereby directed to be made to the Surveyors of the Highways within, the Parilhe- of Great Wd.

<!	.	jj	«-	K	■*-	fintham,

66 j

48* GEORGII III. Cap.391

fingham, Little-Walfingkam, and Hm/glton aforefaid refpeftively, for the public Purpofes herein-before mentioned, and of inclofmg the Allotments hereby directed to be made, in Truft, as herein-before mentioned ; and of forming and making the Public Roads and Ways which (hall be fet out and appointed by the faid Comtniflioners, to be firlt formed and made in pur-fuance of the faid recited Aft, and of preparing the faid Award, and the Copies thereof; and all the Charges and Expences of the faid Commifiioners, their Atiiftants and Servants, and other Perfons employed by the faid Commifiioners in and about the Premifes, and all other Expences of carrying the'faid recited Aft and this Aft into Execution, (hall be borne, defrayed, and paid by the Perfon and Perfons and Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments (hall be made by virtue of the faid recited Aft or this Aft, (fave and except the Surveyors of the Highways in Great Walfingham, Little IValfing-ham, and Houghton aforefaid, for the Time being, in refpeft of the Allotments hereby direfted to be made to them as aforefaid, and alfo fave and except the Truftees of the Allotments hereby direfted to be made in Truft for the Poor Inhabitants of the Parifhes of Great Walfingham and Little Walfmgham aforefaid, in refpeft of fuch Allotments refpeftively; and alfo fave and except the Curate of the Parifhes of Great IValJingkam and Little Walfingham aforefaid refpeftively, for the T ime being, in refpeft of the Allotment or Allotments which fhall be made to fuch Curate in Right of the faid Donatives or Perpetual Curacies refpeftively ; and alfo fave and except the Vicar of the Vicarage of Houghton aforefaid, for the Time being; in refpeft of any Allotment or Allotments which fhall be made to him in Right of the faid Vicarage ; and alfo fave and except the refpeftive Owners of Mefiuages or Lands in Little Walfingham aforefaid, in refpeft of the Allotment or Allotments to be made to him, her,or them refpeftively, within the lad-mentioned Parifh, which fhall not contain by Meafure Two Acres of Land ; and alfo fave and except fuch Perfon or Perfons whofe Real Property within the Parifhes of Great Walfingham, Little Walfingham, and Houghton aforefaid, or elfewhere, at the 1 ime of making the faid Divifion and Allotments (hall not, in the Judgment of the faid Commifiioners, exceed the yearly Value of Seven Pounds, or vvhofe Perfonal Property (hall not ill the Judgment of the (aid Commifiioners exceed the Sum of One hundred and Forty Pounds,) in fuch Shares and Proportions as the faid Com-miffioners (hall by their faid Award, or by any other Writing under their Hands, order, direft, and appoint; and if any Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, (hall refufe or negleft to pay his, her, or their Share or Proportion of the faid Cods, Charges, and Expences to the Perfon or Perfons authorized to receive the fame, at the Time and Place which (hall be appointed by the faid Commiflioners for the Payment thereof, then and in fuch Cafe the faid Commifiioners (hall caufe the fame to be raifed, levied, and recovered in Manner direfted by the faid recited Aft.

LXIII. Provided always, That all the Cods, Charges and Expences, attending any Exchange or Partition, or any Enfranchifement of Copyhold Land, cr any Rcleafe or Extingnifhment of Fines, Heriots, Quit Rents, Free Rents, Reliefs and Services,* as herein-before mentioned, or any Agreement, Matter or Thing, relating thereto, (hall be borne and defrayed by the feveral Parties making or interefted in any fuch Exchange, Partition, Enfranchifement, or Rdeale, or any Agreement relating thereto,

.	in

Hop/ Expellees of Ex-changes, etc. are to be paul. ‘

6'04

4&9 GEORG 11 III. Cap. 39.

in fuch Manner and in fuch Proportions, and at Inch Time and Place, as the Paid Commillioncrs Phall by their laid Award, or any other Writing, under their Hands, order and dired; and in cafe fuch Colls, Charges* and Expences, (hall not be paid according to fuch Order and Diredion, it fhall be lawlul for the faid Conunillioners, and they are hereby required to caufe the fame to be raifed and levied by fuch Ways and Means, and in fuch Manner, as the Colls, Charges and Expences, of obtaining and pafling this Ad, and executing tire laid recited Ad, and this Ad, can and inaybe raifed and levied.

thirgin^cf3	LXIV. And be it further ertaded, That when and fo often as it lhall be

pyiioid Luuis neceffary to charge any Lands or Tenements, which Dial! be allotted or -ithEx- exchanged by virtue of the faid recited Ad, or this Ad, and which lhall be or become Copyhold, with any Sum or Sums of Money, by Way of Mortgage, for defraying any Share or Shares of the Colls, Charges, and Expences, of obtaining and palling this Ad, and executing the faid recited Ad and this Ad, then, and in fuch Cafe, fuch Copyhold Piemifes lhall be furrendered to the Ufe of the Perfon or Pcrfons who Stall advance and lend fuch Sum or Sums of Money, and his, her or their Heirs or Affigns, according to the Cuftom of tile Manor or Manors whereof the fame lhall be holden, by Way of Mortgage for Securing fuch Sum or Sums of Money, and Intcreft for the lame, inftead of being mortgaged and furrendered to fuch Perfon or Perfons, and his, her, or their Exe. cutors, Adminillrators or Affigns, for a Term of Years, as mentioned in the.Iaid recited Ad.

t:un Ptrio” " LX Y. And be it further enaded, That it fliall be lawful for the faid Com-to fell their	miffifoners, on Application being made to them in Writing by any of the

Allotments-	fluibands, Guardians, Trullees, Committees, or Attornies, of or for any of

(die faid Proprietors or Perfons interelled in the Premifcs, being under .Coverture, Minors, Idiots, Lunatics, or beyond the Seas, or under any other Disability or Incapacity, or by the Perfons ading as fuch Guardians, Trullees, Committees, or Attomies refpedively, or by any of the faid Proprietors of the Lands hereby direded to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof, who are or lhall be Tenant or Tenants in Tail, or for any life or Lives, or on any other Contingency, (fave nud except the faid Curate and Vicar for the Time being), or by any Trullees or Feoffees for any charitable, parochial, or other Ufes, or a competent Number of fuch Trullees or Feoffees, or the major Part ot them refpedively, or by the Churchwardens and Over fee vs of the Poor of ihc refpedive Pari lives of Great Walfingbarn, Little Waljingbam, and lleugbtan afovcfaiJ, for the Tima being, in refped of any Land held by them refpedively, upon Trull, for any charitable, parochial, or other Ufes, to fell any Part of the Allotment or Allotments, to be made by virtue of this Ad, to fuch incapacitated Proprietor or Proprietors, or other Perfon or Perfons by whom or on whole Behalf any fuch Application (hall be made as aforefaid, for the lVirpofc cf raifipg a .Sum of Money fuflicient to defray the refpedive Shares 3rd Proportions of the Colls, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and pairing this <Vd, and executing the laid iccited Acl and this Ad, which ihaibbc charged upon unpayable by fuch incapacitated Proprietors orotherPcrgisft hr Perfons refpedively, t,nd of fqncihg, incloflng,<nnd fubdividtjig 'his, her, f>f their Alloirpeot. or Allouncaus, ami rd making afed-corngleting !V.pfvSa?e . - and fuch Sale ihail be made by the faid (fommifiiuttefs, la‘fork and the '	like

„	48°GEORGII	III,	Cap. 39.	605

like Manner, and fubjeft to fuch and the like Rules and Regulations, as are mentioned and prefcribed in and by the laid recited Aft, in refpeft to the Sale of any Lands authorized to be fold for paying the Expences of obtaining and carrying into Execution any Aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing any Lands and Grounds; and each and every Allotment for which the full Purchafe Money fhall be paid fhall be conveyed by the laid Commiffioners at the Expence of fuch Purchafer or Purchafers unto and to the Ufe of or in Truft for fuch Purchafer or Purchafers, and his, her or their Heirs refpeftively, or as he, fhe, or they (hall appoint, and fhall be inclofed and held by fuch Purchafer or Purchafers refpeftively in Severalty; and the Receipt of the faid Com-miffioners fhall be a good and fufticient Difcharge to fuch Purchafer or Purchafers for the faid Purchafe Money, which fhall be applied by the laid Commilfiioners in or towards defraying fuch laft mentioned Colts,

Charges, and Expences ; and if any Surplus fhall remain in the Hands of the faid Commiffioners, the fame fhall be applied and difpofed of by them, in Manner direfted by the faid recited Aft with refpeft to Money which is thereby direfted to be paid into the Bank of England, for the Purchafe or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the fame Ui'es, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which ought to be laid out in the Purchafe of other Lards, Tenements, and Hereditaments as therein mentioned : Provided always, that it (hall net be lawful to raile by fuch Sale any further or greater Sum of Money than thePerfon orPerfons Part of whofe Allotment or /Allotments fhall be fold as aforefaid, would have been empowered or authorized to borrow or charge upon his, her, or their Eftate or Eftates, under or by virtue of the faid recited Aft.

LX VI. Provided always, That nothing in the faid recited Aft or this Aft n:g!-.r to contained (hall prejudice, lelfen, defeat, or in anywife afieft the Right,

Title, or Intereft of the faid Daniel Henry Lee Warner, or the Owner of ;0 the faid Impropriate Reftory of Houghton aforefaid, for the Time being, and the faid James Lee Warner, or the Vicar of the Vicarage of Houghton aforefaid, for the Time being, in or to any Tithes, Mortuaries, Eajlcr Offerings, and Surplus Fees, arifing or renewing out of or payable in refpeft of any Lands or Tenements within the Parilh of Houghton aforefaid, but that fuch Tithes, Mortuaries, Eajler Offerings, and Surplice Fees, lhall be payable and paid at all Times hereafter, in the fame Manner as if this Aft had not been paffed, (fave and except as to the Tithes of the Land which fhall be allotted in purfuance of this Aft to the Surveyors of the Highways in Houghton aforefaid for the Public Purpofes herein-before mentioned.)

, LXVII.'And be it further enafted, That onde at leaf! in every Year dur- cc.m.niffion-log the Execution of this Aft, (fuch Year to be computed from the Day «r* t«h> thefr of the pafling thereof), the faid Commiffioners lhall, and they are hereby q"‘ j'*:_ required to make a true and juft Statement or Account of all Monies by tue i.net* »n them received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble and 'vel> Vc‘r-Expences in the Execution of the faid recited Aft and this Aft ; and fuch Statement or Account when fo made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, lhall be by them laid before any One or more of His Majcfty’s Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Norfolk, to be by him or them examined and balanced; and fuch Balance Hull be by fuch Juftiee or Juftices [LocWPer.J	7	O	listed

6o6

Proprietors anil their Agents to pay t he' i own Espences.

Money a>l-vanc;<l to ba repiid with lmeieft.

Appeal to the Se Dions.

tJeneral

Sjiinj.

4_fi® GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

ftatecl in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the faid Commiffioners; and no Charge or Item in fuch Accounts ffiall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unlefs the fame fliall have been duly allowed by fuch Juilice or Juftices.

LXVIII. Provided always, That the faid Proprietors, their Attornies and Agents, (hall pay their own Expenccs, when they or any of them (hall

ttend the faid Commiffioners at any of their Meetings to be held in purfu-

ance of the faid recited Ad or this Act. a

LXIX. Provided alfo, That if anyPerfon orPerfonshath advanced or ffiall advance any Money in Difcharge of the Fees or other Exptnces of obtain, ang this Aft, or of executing the faid recited Accor this An, the Money fo advanced ffiall be repaid and fatisfied bv the Direftion of the faid Com-miffioners, together with lawful Intereft for the fame.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That if anyPerfon orPerfons, or Bodyor Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, ffiall think himielf, herlelf, orthem-felves, aggrieved by any Thing done or omitted to be donein purfuance of the the faid recitedAft or this Aft, (other than and except as to fuch Claims, Matters, and Things, which (hall be afeeriained, fettled, tried, or determined by the Verdict ofa J ury, underthe Power and Authority herein-before contained, or where by any of the Provifions or Claufes o( the faid recited Aft or this Aft, the Determinations, Orders, Acts, or Proceedings of the faid Commiffioners or Umpire are declared or directed to be final and conclufive), then and in every fuch Cafe he, (he, or they, may appeal to the Juftices at the General Quarter Seffion of the Peace, which (hall be held for the faid County of Norfolk, within Four Calendar Months next after the Caufe of Complaint (hall have arifen, on giving to the faid Commiffioners, or either of them, and to the Party or Parties concerned, Ten Days Notice in Writing of fuch Appeal and of the Matter thereof, and the Juftices (not intereftedin the Premifes) in their faid General Quarter Seffion, are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every iuch Appeal, and to make fuch Order, and award fuch Cofts and Damages, as to them in their Difcretion ffiall feem reasonable; and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Cofts and Damages which dial! be lo aw arded, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels, after dedufting the reafonable Charges of fuch Warrant, Diftrefs, and Sale, and the Determination of the faid Juftices (hall be (inal and conclufive to all Parties concerned, and (hall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefs whatfoever, into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjier, or elfewhcre ; but in cafe fuch Appeal (hall appear to the faid Juftices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without fufficient Foundation, then the faid Juftices (hall award fuch Cofts to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants as to the faid Juftices in their Difcretion (hall feem reafonable, and to be levied in Manner aforefaid.

LXXT. Saving ahvay sto the King’s moft Excellent Majeftv, his Heirs and SuccelTors, and to all and every other Perfon or Perfons, and Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and his, her, and their Heirs, Sue-, cellars, Executors and Adtniniitrators, (except the fcveral Perfons, and 7.	Body

48° GEORGII Iir. Cap.39.	607

Bodv or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments lhall be made by virtue ar.d in purfuance of the faid recited Aft or this Aft, for and in refpeft of fuch Rights or Interefts as are hereby meant and intended to be barred, deftroyed, and extinguifhed, and all Perfons refpeftively claiming under them, or in Remainder after them) all foch Right, Eftate, Title and Intereft, as they, every, or any of them, could or ought to have had and enjoyed, of, in, to, or in refpeft of the Lands hereby direfted to be divided and allotted, in cafe this Aft had not been pafied.

LXXII. And be it further enafted, That this Aft lhall be printed by the Public Act, Printer to the King’s molt Excellent Majefty, and a Copy thereof fo printed lhall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Jultices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majefty. 1808.



-X .	■ rft nir* !	■:'	£■	s • ;--T -

«	;-	<	-r	iliiSs?

,	woJ fiif ')i*v» grf? ■=•'. }wi h •

n.ihd

,

‘	*	4lM>'

‘	•	■	.	..	k	r..

M 3(1.1 10 ^8f!«M»3 srf-'	’if.	J^j'i	»J|	.	ty.	,:	•	ti„':

» jbMli djtri	Ia,- nijStaj tjiht tj

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

•***«**« *#*t*****»**«UMHMHMt********5M!*****************

An Ad to alter and amend an Ad patted in the Twenty-fifth Year of His prefent Majefty, for draining, preferving, and improving certain Low Grounds and Carrs in the feveral Parities of Saint John of Beverley, and of Skidby, in the Eaft Riding of the County of York.	[27th	May	1808.]

HEREAS an Adt was pafled in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An Adi for draining, *s G. 3.

preferving, and improving certain Low Grounds and Carrs in the feveral Parijhes of Saint John in Beverley, and of Skidby, in the East Riding of the County of York ; and certain Perfons in the faid Adt named and their Succrfibrs, to be elected in Manner theiein mentioned, were thereby appointed CommifTioncrs for putting the faid Adt in Execution : And whereas the laid Commiffioners, or fome of them, have in pur-fuance of the faid Adt proceeded in the Execution of the Powers thereby vefted in them ;-and confiderable Benefit hath already accrued to the Proprietors of the faid Low Grounds and Carrs, and to the Public, from the feveral Works of Drainage which have been made and completed: but in as much as lome of the Powers and Authorities in the faid Adi contained for the future Management of the Drainage of the faid Low Grounds and Carrs have been found defedtive and inadequate to the Purpole*

Cap. 40.

[Lor. Id Per.J

7P

thereby

6oi

Claufe in the 25 G 2 for appointing Commifiion-ers repealed.

C'laufe in the *5 G ' for the Ele&ion of new i om-miffi oners on Death or re-fufal toa£t repealed.

48* GEORG 11 III. Cap. 40.

thereby intended, and feveral Alterations and Amendments are necc-flary ro be made therein, in order to t e more eafy and cfFeftual Drainage, and Improvement of the laid Low Grounds and Carrs: May it therefore pleafc your Majefty -that it may be enafted ; and be-it enafted by the King’s moft Exfrjlcm Majefly, by sod with the Advice and Content of the Lords Sptxj^ual and Temp :rj,.and Commons, in thistprefent. Parliament affembled,, and by the Authority of the fame, ITiaf -the faid recited Aft; and all and every the Powers, Provifoes, Exemptions, i’ri-vileges. Forfeitures, Penalties, Ciaufes, Matters, and Things, therein contained, (fave and except fuch Parts thereof as are hereby varied, altered, or repealedfhail be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Aft into Execution, to ail Intents and Purpofes whatlbever, as if the fame had been repeated or re-cnafted in the Body of this'prelent Aft.

II.	And be it further enafted, That fo much of the faid recited Aft as appoints John Wood of North Cave, in rhe County of Turk, Gentleman, Jojeph D'ukinjon of Beverly Parks, in the Parifh of Saint John in Beverly, in tbefame_Coujnty, Gentleman, and Jonathan Teal of Leeds, in the lame County. Gentleman, Commiffiqpejs for putting the lame in Execution, ffiall be aed-tbe fame is herabyi rf-pifaltd and declared tube null and void, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

III.	And be it further enafted. That fo much of the faid recited Aft as direft' that as often as aay Commiffioner appointed or to be appointed in purfuance of fuch Aft, fliall die or refufe to aft, it fhould at.d might be lawful for the furviving or remaining CommiHioners or Commiffioner, at any of their Public Meetings, alfembled with n Twelve Calendar Months after fuch Death or RcfuLl rftfyftivcly, tr fo foun .iftrr as conveniently might be, to cleft One other Perfon to be a Comn iffioner in the Styid of cadi fuch Cor^ityiiffiopcr fo dying or r-c tilling to aft, and every Corntniffiotier fo ylefteti fficuld have the-1 he Power and Authority to aft in the Execution of fuch Aft, rs the Ooinumbontr in whole Stead he ffioeld be 'fleeted was invefted with, but Ten Days previous Notice fhould b.a given, on a Sunday immediately after Divine Service, in the Partfb Clm: ch.of Saint John in Btvcr'y afouf.iic,.and a!!b in the Chutch of Skidhy. afprefaidy of the Intention of chuniig (bach Commiffioner or Com-miffioners ; and in calc the faid Commiffioner or Commiffijtitrs fhpuld neghftor refufe, for tfceSpace cf Three Caii-ndar Months to cleft One othtr Perfon or Prrfons to be a Ccn miffiouci 01 ComniiHiCMieis in the bead of each fuch Commiffioner or Copun ffioftprs fo dying or icfuhng to act, then and in that Cafe it (Iitjuld be lawfuJ for the Pioprictors of Ten Actes or upwards, in the faid Low Grounds and Carrs, or- the major Part of them alfembled at any Meeting, lor due Ptirpole, (of tfce Intention of which Meeting Ten Days previous Notice ihould be given, on a Sundry immediately after Divine Service, m cm Pari fit Qfuch of Saint John in Beverly aforelaid, and aho in the, Church of Skidhy afore-laid,) to ekftoneotherPcrfonoiPcrfonsintheSteadof theCmmillioner or Conrmiffiners lo dying or refufing to aft ; and in the C tO're of fuch new Commiffioner or CommiHioners a Preference fhould at ali Times be given to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhould at the Time of fuch Vacancy be che Owner or Owners of Ten Acres at the lea ft of the faid Low Grounds and Carrs, and Ihould be willing to aft as a Commiffioner under fuch Aft ;

5	ffiall

48° GEORGII III. Gap. 40.	611

(hall be and the fame is hereby repealed and declared to be null and void, co all Intents and Purpofcs whatfoever.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for Truftees t* thefevcral Proprietors of Ten Acres or upwards of the faid Low Grounds be elc'-ricd' and Carrs, (other than and except the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgeffcs of Beverley aforefaid,) by the faid recited Aft direfted to be drained, preferved, and improved, and which ihall have been taxed or affefied by virtue of the fa>d recited Ail, or the major Part of them, who (hall be prelenr at a Meeting to be holden at Beverley aforefaid on the Firft: Monday in the Month of June next after the parting of this Aft, between the Hours of Ten and Twelve ot the Clock in the Forenoon to proceed to the Eleftion of Two dilcreet Perfons from amongft the Proprietors or Occupiers of fome Part or the laid Low Grounds and Carrs, and alfo that ic fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Mayor, Aldermen and Burgcfies, by fome Inrtrumenc in Writing, under their CommonSeal, to nominate and appoint One other dilcreet Pafon from amongft the Proprietors of or Perfons intcrefteu in or Occupiers of lome Part of che faid Low Grounds and Carrs, which faid Three Perlons to be ejected and appointed as aforefaid, (hall be T urtecs lor carrying into Execution this Aft and the faid recited Aft or fo much of the laid repited Aft as is not hereby varied, altered, or repealed, until the Firft Monday in the Month cf April in the Year then next following, in the Piace and Stead of the Commiflioners now afting under or by virtue of the faid recited Aft j and the leveral Proprietors of the Lid Low G ounds and Carrs for the Time being, fo qualified as afer-.faid, other" than except the faid Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgeffcs, dial, afterwards. Once in each and every Year, to wit, on the Firft Monday in che Month of April, meet at Beverley aforefaid, between the Hours of Ten and Twelve of the Clock in the Forenoon, and it fhall and may be lawtul to and for fuch Proprietors fo qualified as aforefaid, or the major Part of them who fhall beprcfenc at fuch Meeting, to proceed in likeManner, either to rc-tleft One or both of the former Truftees by them elefted as afoiefaid, or to cleft One or Two other difereet Perfons from amongft the Proprietors or Occupiers of fome Parc of the laid Low Grounds and Carrs, ro be Ti tillees for the Year then nextenluing ; and inac the laid Mayor,

Aldeimm, and Bmgrffes, and their Suceeffors, (hall alfo afterward , Once inevery Year, by l'ome Inftrument in Writing under their Common Seal, e.iher ie-appoint the Truftee by them before appointed, or appoint fome (<thcr dilcreet Perlbn from amor.gft the Propriecois of or Perfons inter-tfted in or Occupiers of fome Parc of the faid Low Grounds and Carrs, to be a Truftee tor the Year then next enfuing ; and that fuch Perfons fo to be rh fted Truftees as aforefaid fhall, and they are hereby declared to be TruUecs fur carrying the feveral Purpofes of (he faid recited Act and thn Aft into Execution, until .another or others fhall be chofen in hi* or their Stead, in Manner by this Aft directed, and all luch Trufttes (hail be inverted with ;udv and che like Powers and Authorities, and fhall be fu jeft to fuch and the like Provifions, Regulations, Reftrictions, and Din ebons and fhall have and enjoy fuch and the like Privileges as the Commiflioners afting in the Execution of the faid recited Aft were inverted with, or were fubjeft to or had or enjoyed, lave only and except fo tar as the lame are hereby varied, altered or repealed ; and all Aft;,

Matrers, and Things, authorized and necefiary to be done and executed by the faid Trullees in purfuance of the Direftions of the faid recited Act

and

;»ninv	'ia?r *v\. *	,,	V'A	‘•'•.v.-.	*.	'*

612 ft	48°	GEORGII	III.	Ca/.4o.

and this Aft, qr either of them, may be done and executed by any Two of them, and the fame (hall lie as good, valid and effectual, as if the fame h id been done and executed by all the (aid Trullees,

of new ruf-	V. Aid be it further ennfted, That if at any Time (he Truftee who

Ccath orfin°f	have been appointed by the faid Vhyor, Aldermen, and Burgeffrs

capacity. a* aforefaid, (nail before the Execution of all thr Powers and Authorities hereby veiled in him, die or become incapible to aft, then in every fuch Cafe it (hall be lawful for the faid Mayor, Aldermen, and Burge(Tcs, within Thirty Days next after fuch Death or Incapacity fhall be made known to them, or as Coon after as conveniently may be, to appoint fome other difcreet Perfon from amongft the Proprietors of or Perfons inrerclted in, or Occupiers of fome Part of the faid Low Grounds and Carrs to be , a Truftee during the Remainder of the then Current Year, in the Room or Stead of the Truftee fo dying or becoming incapable to aft as aforefaid and if at any Time either or both of theTruftees who (hall have been elefted by the Proprietors as afoiefaid, fhall before the Execution of all the Poweis and Authorities hereby vrfted in him or them die or becoo e incapable to aft in the Execution of the laid recited Aft and this Aft, then and in every fuch Cafe ic (hall be lawful fqr the Proprietors of the faid Low Grounds and Carrs for the Time being, qualified as aforefaid, to meet at fome convenient Place in Beverley aforefaid within Thirty Days next after fuch Death or Incapacity (hall be made known to them, or as foon after as conveniently may be, (of which Meeting Ten Days Notice at the lead, and of the Purpofe thereof, and of the Time and Place ot holding the fame (hall be given, with the Name or Names of any One or more of the faid Pioprietors lo qualified as aforefaid fubferibed thereto, by Writing to be affixed on the Outlide of one of the Outer Doors of the Parilh Churches of Saint John of Beverley and Skidby afordaid, and alto by Public Advertifcment to be inlerted in One or mote Newfpaprr or Newfpapers printed and publilhed in the Town of Kingslon-upon-Hull, or the City of Tork); and it (hall and may be lawful to and tor the major Part ot fuch Proprietor, qualified as aforefaid, who fhall be prelent at iuch Meeting, to nominate and appoint One or more difcreet Perfon or Petfons from amongft the Proprietors or Occupiers ot fome Part <f the faid Low Grounds and Carrs to be a Truftee or Trullees during the Remainder of the then current Year, in the Room and Stead of the Truftee or Truftees fo dying or becoming incapable to aft as aforefaid ; and the Truftee or Trulltes lo nominated and appointed (hall have, ufe, and exercife fuch and the like Powers and Authorities, and befubjeft to the like Provifions, Regulations, and R.ftrtclions, as the Truftee or Truftees in the Room ot whom he or they lhall have been fo nominated and appointed were inverted with or lubjeft to.	m	•,

w \	1	"a

Truftee* to VI. Provided always, and be it further enaftrd, That no Perfon (hall be forming capable of aftiog as a Truftee in the Execution .of the’.faid recited Aft and O.th.	this	Aft	(except,	.in admimfteri.ng the following. Oath or Affirmation)

until he (hall. (uve; taken and fubfqribed ai) Oath or Affirmation to the £ffeft followjngji	is to fayj»	^	v - .3

*	I .	do	fwear	(or,	being	One	of	the	People.cjlltd	Quakers,

*	do fblemnly affirm) That I wftf&lithfully, impaiAallyj &rttfire«cftly,

*	according to the bed of my Skill and Judgement, execute the leveral

Poweis

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

613

•	Powers and Authorities veiled and repofed in me, and hear and determine ‘ all fuch Matters and Things as (hall be brought before me as a Truftee ‘ for draining, preferring, and improving certain Low Grounds and

*	Carrs in the feveral Parifhes of Saint John of Btverlty and of Skin by, in ‘ the Eaft Riding of the County of Tork, without Favor or Affe&ion, « Prejudice or Malice to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever.

Which Oath or Affirmation it (hall be lawful for any One of the faid Truftees to adminilter, and he is hereby required to admin'fler the fame to any other of the laid Truftees; and the faid Oath or Affirmation fo taken and fubleribcd by each Truftee (hall be lodged in the Hands and Cuflody of the Clerk to be by them appointed as herein-after mentioned,

VII.	And be it further enafted, Thar the faidTruftees (hall meet together Meeting 0f at Ionic convenient Place in Beverley aforefaid, within Fourteen Days next Truftees. after (uch their Election, Nomination or Appointment, refpe&ively, of which Meeting Six Days Notice at lead (hall be given by Writing ro be affixed on the Outfide of One of the outer Doors of the fame Pariffi Churches of Saint John of Beverley and Skidby aforefaid, and alfo by Public Advert ifement to be infeited in Ore or more Newfpaper or Newfpapers printed and publithed in the Town of Kingston upon Hull, or the City of Tork, and (hall then and there proceed to the Execution of the Powers hereby veiled in them, and (hall then or at any fubfequent Meeting appoint a Clerk to write their Orders and make Entries of their Proceedings, and alfo to colled! the Affeifments to be laid by virtue of this Ad!, and tor other Purpofes; and fuch Clerk to the f.id Truftees (hall be paid an annual Salary, not exceeding the Sum of Five Guineas, and the faid Truftees (hall have full Power and Authority from Time to Time to adjourn themlelvc* and to meet at rhePlace aforefaid, or at feme other Place to be appointed by them for carrying this Ad! and the faid recited Ad! into Exeeu'innj and if it (hall happen that at any Meeting which (hall be appointed to be held,Two of the faid Truftees (hall not appear at fuch Meeting, then and fo often as fuel Cafe (hall happen the Truftee who (hall fo attend, or (he Clerk to the laid Trufters, in cafe neither of the faid Trailers (hall attend, (nail adjourn fuch Meeting to and appoint the Truftefcs to meet at t. e Place wheie the laft Meeting was appointed to be holden on that Day Fortnight, and foon until Two of the faid Truftees (hall attend to ad! in the Execution of the Powers hereby vetted in them by the faid recited Adt arid thk Adtj and the Truftee or Clerk fo adjourning fuch Meeting (hall caufe Notice thereof in Writing to be given at lead Six Days before any fuch Meeting, by Writing to be affixed on the Outfide of One of the outer Doors of the feveral Parifli Churches of Saint John of Beverley and Skidby aforefaid, and alfo by Public Advcrtifement, to be inferred in One r rmorc Newlpaper or Newfpapers printed and publifhed in the Town of Kingtton upon Hull, or the Cry of Tork’. Provided always, that it (hall and may be lawful to and for any One of the (aid Truftees to call a Meeting of the faid Truftees to be holden at rhe Place where the laft Meeting was holden j and of every fuch Meeting the Truftee fo calling the fame (ball caufe Norice thereof in Writing, figned by him, to be given in Mannrr aforefaid, Six Days at Jcaft before fuch (aft mentiontd Meeting.

• So help me GOD.*

{tot. & Per.]

7Q

VIII. And

614.

Truftees to make AfieU'-ments for defraying the Expences of the An and Drainage.

No new Works to be made without the Content of a Majority in Value of the Proprietors ailcmbled at a Meeting.

If Afleffmerts not paid within Ten Days after Demand, Trull ees may dittrain.

4.8* GEORG II HI. Gap. 40.

VIII.	And be ^further tn ft- d, That it iball helawful for the faid Pruftees ana they ate hereby authoriz'd.and i.equir.-d from Time to Time to affefs, tax, and charge all and •very the Owner and Owners of or Pcrlons inrerefted in, and Occupier and Occupiers of the faid Low Grounos and Carrs proporhorably, a- cording to the Tenor of a certain Awaid or ln-ftrument in Writing, made m purfuance of the faid recited Aft, containing the Arrangements and Taxation of the faid Low Grounds and Carrs, and tnrolled at the Public Regilter Office for the faid Eafl Riding, and fuch Award is declared to be the Rule or Precedent of Proportion for ail future Taxations or fuch Low Grounds and Carrs with fuch Sum or Sums of Money as (hall be neceifary for the Purpose of defraying the Expcnccs of obtaining and paffing this Aft, ami the Expence? from Time to Time to be incurred in repairing and maintaining the Works of Drainage and Improvements which have been already made and completed, or in making and repairing fuch new Works as fliall from Time to Time be found necefiary or expedient for the better draining, preferving, and improving the faid Low Grounds and Carrs, arid in paving and dilchatging all other Charges and Expences incident to or attending the Execution uf the feve-ral Purpofes of this Aft, and the laid recited Aft, or either of them, and all fuch AflcfTtnents, Taxes, and Charges fhall oe paid to the laid Cler k, or to fuch other Peifon as the laid Truflees Ibali nominate ai d appoint to colled and receive the fame, and at fuch Time or Times and Place or Places as the faid Truflees fhall dirtft or appo;n .

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That do new Works for the Drainage, PrTervation, or Improvement, of the faid Low Grounds and Carrs, or .my Part there if, Ihiil be made or undertaken, without the previous Confent in Writing of a Majority in Value, according to the Affirflmenc in the faid Award, of all the Proprietors of the laid Low Grounds and Carrs, who fhall front Time to Tune bepreicnt at any Meeting, to be hoiuen for the exprefs Purpofe of obtaining the lame, of which Meeting, and .lie Purpole ir.ereof, and of the Time and Place uf holding the lame. Ten Days previous Notice at the lead fhall be given, by Writing, to be fixed on the Outfi-Je of one ot tne Outer Doors of tne Parilh Churches of Saint J hrt of Beverley and Skidby aforelaid, and alfo by public Adveroferm’nt to be inferred in one or more Newfpaper or Newf-ptpeis, printed and pubiiihed in the Town of KiniJlin.upon.IiuU, or the City of Turk.

X.	And ne it further enafted, in cafe any fuch Owner, Perfon intereflcd, or Occupier, fhall refufe or neglcft to pay any luch Tax or Affclfmcnt at the Time or Times, Place or Places fo directed or appointed as afore-laid, within Ten Days after Demand made thereof in Writing, under the Hand of any One of the Lid Ttulfees, or of the faid Cltrk, or other Perfon io nominated and appointed to collect and receiye the fame, and given to fuch Owner, Perion interefled in, or Occupier, or left at his or her ufual or Lft known Place of Abode, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall be lawful for the faid Truflees tocaulc the lame to be levied and recovered by fuch and the like Ways and Means as any of the Taxes or A.ffclTments laid by virtue of the faid recited Aft are thereby directed to be recovered and ratted.

4-8° GEORG 11 III* Cap. 40.

XL And be i: further enafted, That the laid Truftees for the Time b -'mg, and every of them, fhall be allowed and paid by and out of any Muncy to arife by virru.- of this Aft, or the faid incited Aft, or either of them their reasonable Expences, not exceeding Five Shillings each per Day when thev (hall neoeft'arily meet or attend for the Execution of the Powers hereby repufed iii them.

XII.	PnWid-d alwavs, and it is hereby declated and en.ift d, That no Trufle , Clerk, Colleftor, or other Officer employed in the Execution of this Aft, or the faul recited Aft, (hall have or receive, or agree to have or r.ce.ve, o’ireftly or indirectly, any Benefit or Intereft whatfoever in or from any Contrail: to bemadc for any Works to be executed under the Autho-tiryof his Aft, or the laid recited Aft, and if contrary to the true Intenc andMeaningof this Aft, any Truftee, Clerk, Collector, or other Officer employed in the Execution of this Act or the faid recited Aft, fhall have or rrccive, or agree to have or receive diredtiy orindireftly, any Benefit or Intereft wnad'oever in or from any Contrail to be made for any Wotks to be executed under the Authority of this or the faid recited Act, he (hall, on Conteffiion or Conviftiun before anv Two or more of His Maj-fty's JuftiGcs of the Peace for the faid Eaft Riding of the County ol York, upon the Oath of One or more i rrdible Witnefs or Wi neffcS (which Oath any One of the faid Juftice* is hereby empowered and required to a< minifttr) forfeit antipay fuch Sum or Sums of Money as fhall be thought reafonable by fuch Juthces not exceeding the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be levied by Diftrcfs and Sale <>f the Offenders Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and S als of the laid Juftices, and to be applied and dilpofed of towards the General Purpofes of this Aft.

$?'. 1 . • i -j.oi " . A- ' » 'i ■	.	1	-V	•	. i; .

XIII.	And be it further enacted,IThar the. Commiffioners afting under or by the Authoriiy of the laid recited Aft fhall, and they are heieby requited to fetJe and adjull all their Accounts refpefting i.tic faid Dra-ruge, with th Trunees to be appointed by virtue of this Aft, or any Two ot them, w thin the Space ot Sx Calendar Months from thy-Day -of the Nor minauon and Appointment of the faid Trullecs by virtue of .this Aft, end the laid Comm ili m rs ffia.ll thereupon pay or deliver,- or caufe to be paid and delivered, uruo the laid Truftees or any Two of them, all and evei-y fuch Sum and Sums of Money as fhall then appear to be in the Hands of tiie faid CommJpioners, or their Cltik, Colleftor, orTreafurer, tn Account of t he faid Drainage, and all fuch Books, Plans, Papers, Matters, and Things in their or any of their Cuuody or Power, as relate to the laid Drainage, and all fuch Sums of Money when fo received by thefaid Truftees ti.al! be by them applied for the Purpoles by this and the fold recited Aft duefted.

XIV.	And be it further enafted. That the Truftees to be chofen from Time.to Time under or by virtue of this Aft fbaii, and they are hereby required within Fourteen Days next after the annual Nomination and. Appointment of new Truftees as aforelatd, to make up and fettle all their Accounts refpefting the faid Drainage, with fuch new Truftees, or any Two of them, and fliall at the fame Time pay over and deliver to fuch new Truftees, or any Two of them, theBalanceof theMouies received and paid by them, or by or under their Direftion, in the Execution of this Aft,

or

615

Allowance to Trustees for Exprncea.

Truftee", &c. not to h ve any Intereft in f. ontrafts under a Penalty not exceeding 5001. .

Prefect Coin, milli.irters to account with new Truitecs.

Truftees to account.

6i6

Trufteci not to b« accountable for each other.

Application of Compenfa-tion, if amounting to tool.

48* GEORGII III. Cap.40.

or the faid recited Aft, and all Books, Plans, Papers, Matters, and Thing* then in their or any of their Cuftody or Poffcflion relating to the laid Drainage.

XV.	Provided’always, and be it further enafted, That the faid Truftees (hall not be anfwcrable One for another, but each for himlelfand bis own Afts only, nor for any Sum or Sums of Money but what each of them refpeftively lhall actually receive.

XVI.	And be it further enafted, That if any Money (hall be paid or agreed or awarded to be paid, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchafed, taken, or ufed by virtue of the Powers of the faid Aft, and this Aft, for the Purpofes thereof, which (hall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Truft, Executor, Adminiftrator, Hufband, Guardian, Committee, or other Truftee for and on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Ideot, Feme Covert, or other Cejluique Truft, or to any Perfon whofe Lauds, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in drift or other Settlement, or to any Perfon under any other Difability or Incapacity whatfoever, fuch Money (hall, in cafe the fame (hall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, ex parte the Truftees for executing the faid Aft and this Aft, to the Intent that fuch Money may be applied under the Direftion and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fumary Way, by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Purchafe or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Difcharge of anv Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrances, or Parc thereof, as the laid Court (hall authorize to be paid, affefting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affefting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (finding fettled therewith, to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents, or Purpofes; or where fuch Money (hall not be fo applied, then the fame (hall be laid out and inverted, under the like Directions and Approbations of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which (hall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trulls, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which lhall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, as aforefaid, (food fettled or limited, or fuch of them, as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement (hall be exifting undetermined and capable of taking F.ffeft ; and in the mean Time, and until fuch Purchafe lhall be made, the laid Money (hall, by Order of the faid Court, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the faid Accountant General in his Name in the Pnrchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the faid Bank Annuities Hull be ordered by the faid Court to be fold, for the Purpofes afore'aid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities (hall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the faid Court to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be purchafed by virtue

7	of

48° GEORG II III. Cap. 46.

of the faid Tecited Aft, and this Aft, in cafe fuch Purchaie or Settle nnrt were made.	r

XVII.	Provided always, and be itfurther enafted, That if any Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under any Difability or Incapacity as aforefaid, (hall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and fhall fexceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being, entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy, ldiotcy, or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpeftive Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-after direfted, or otherwile the fame fhall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Truftees to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Two of the Truftees for executing the laid recited Aft, and this Aft] (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Wtiting, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that fuch principal Money and the Dividends arifing thereon may be applied in any Manner herein-before direfted, fo far as the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction and Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

[XVIII. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That where fuch Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid, as next before mentioned, fhall be lefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Kents and Profits of the Lands Tenements, or Hereditaments, fo purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes of the faid recited Aft, and this Aft, in fuch Manner as the fail Truftees fhall think, litv cr in cafe of Infancy, Idio:cy, or Lunacy, then fuch Money fhall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Bmefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpeftively.

XIX. And be it further enafted, That in cafe the Perfon or Perfonsto whom any Sum or Sums of Money (hall be awarded, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed by virtue of the faid recited Aft, and this Aft, (hall refufe to accept the fame, or (hall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes, to the SatMaQion of the faid Truftees, or any Two of them, or in q2le fuch Perfon or Perfons to whom fuqh Sum or Sums of Money'(hall be lo awarded as aforefaid, cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons enutled to fut;h Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or difeover-ed, then and 4n every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for tfie faid Truftees, or.any Two of them, to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded as aforefaid, to be paid into the Bunk of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, [L«. fis? Pau]	7	R	to

617

Application of Compenta-tion, if lefs than aaol.and exceeding aol.

Application of Compenfa-tion, if lefs than ao 1.

In cafe of not making out Title to Lard, or if I’erfons Cannot be found, Pur-chafe Money to be paid into the Bailie,

1 object to the Order of the Court of Ch.-mc ry, on Petition ot Motion.

4&° G E O RGII UL (>Cap.0*

to be placed to his Account, td the Cradlt of the Patties interested in the

faid Lands, Tenements, nr Hereditaments !(deicribirtg them \ fubjeft to the Order, Controuli, and Difpoficion of the laid Court of Chancery,' which faid Court of Chancery, on the Application St any Perfon or s- Perfons making Clamr to fuch Stnsi or I Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition^ (hall be, and is hereby empowered in a fummary Way of Proceeding, or otherwife, as to the faid Court fhall' feem meet, to order the fame to be laid ouc and invefted in the Public' Funds, and to order Diftribution thereof, or Payment of the DividenW*’ thereof, according to the refpeftive Eftate or Eftates, Title or filtered:^ or the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fucf^ other Orders in the Premifes, as to the faid Court fhall feem juft and reafonable; and the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank ot England, who fhall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to1 give a Receipt or Receipts for tuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what End, and for whofe Ufe, the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

Where any Queftion lhall anfe touching the Title to Money to be pai'd, the Per-l'ons who lhall be in Poflcf-fion of the Land,&c. at theTime of fuch Purchafe, fhall be deemed en- * titled thereunto, according to fuch Poffellion, unlefs,&c.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That where any Queftion fhall arife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in purfuance of this Aft, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Eftate, Right, or Title in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed in purfuance of the faid recited A&, and this Aft, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or the DivU dends ot Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who fhall have been in Poffellion of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Poffellion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, fhall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch Poffeflion, until the contrary fhall be fhewn to the Satisfaction of the faid Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, fhall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it fnall be made to appear to the faid Court that fuch Poffellion was a wrongful Poffellion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein.

The Court of XXL Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That where by Reafon Cfcaneer^may 0f any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporations able Expences entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed ofPurchaies under the Authority of the faid recited Aft and th.s Aft, the Purchafe theTiu'aeeZ Money for the fame fhall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be fettled to the like Ules in purfuance of the fafd recited Aft and this Aft, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchales from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of the faid Aft and this Aft, or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Gourt fhall deem reafonable to be paid

8	]	by

48° Q.EORiGIII31*.' Cap.40.	6i9

by the (aid Truftees otfl of thc Monies to: be received by virtue of thd faid AS and this Ad, who fhilL: from Time to Time piy fuck Sums of Money forffueh Purpofea aa-thefaid Coucrfhall dired.

no!»/I yiis V- noilJiOitqqA tirfj •	.

XXIL And be it further unified, That the faid Truftees mayfue and Aft'on*,&e. be fued, in the Name of tlieir Clerk for the Time being, and that all Afiions or Suits, that may be oerefTary or expedient to be inth-Name brought and preferred by the faid Truftees, fot or in refpefi of any ofClerk. Matter or Thing relating tothis Ad, may be brought and preferred in the Natrle of the faid Clerk, and that no Afiion or Suit which maybe brought or preferred by or againft the faid Truftees by virtue or on Ac'

Count of this Ad, in tho^fame of their Clrfk, lhall abate or be difcou-linued or quafhed by the Death, Sufpenfion, or Removal of fuch Clerk, or by any Ad or Default of fuch Clerk done ot fulfered without the Confent or Diredion of the faid Truftees, but the Clerk to the faid Truftees for the Time being fhall be always deemed Plaintiff or Defendant, in every fuch Adionor Suir, as the Cafe may be, except in fuch Afiions as fhall be inftituted between the faid Truftees and their Clerk for the Time being, in which Adions any one of the faid Truftees fhall and may be Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Cafe may be.

.	.	.	’	,r.	I	i	,*. • ! rO

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That every fuch Clerk Clyrk to

in whofe Name any Adion or Profecution fhall be brought or defended in Expence», Jec,

purfuance of this Ad, fhall always be reim burled and paid out ofthc

Monies to arife by virtue of this Ad, alt fuch Calls, Charges, and Ex*-

pences, as fuch Clerk fhall be put to or become chargeable with by reafon

of his being fo made Plaintiff or Defendant therein, and fhall not be per-

fonally anfwerable or liable for the Pay mmt of the fame, or any Par-

thereof, unlels fuch Adion Or Profecution fhall arife in eonfequencc of

his own wilful Negied or Default, or fhall have been brought or defended

without the Order or Diredion of the faid Truftees,

XXIV.	And be it further enaded. That if^any Perfon or Perfons fhall think Appeal, himfelf, herfelf, or themfclves aggrieved by any Ad, Matter, or Thing,

done or ordered to be done by the faid Truftees, or any of them, (except fo far as concerns the Quota or Proportion of Taxation of the lpecific Parts of the faid Low Grounds and Carrs, originally fixed by the laid Award or Inftrument before mentioned), or by any ocher Matter or rtnng done in purfuance of the faid recited Ad and this Ad, or either of them, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch Peifon and Perfons to appeal to the Juftices of the Peace for the Eaft Riding of the County of Tork, at the then next General Quarter Seffions of the Peace to be holden for the laid Riding, within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the Caufe of fuch Appeal fhall have arifen, the Appellant or Appellants firft giving or caufing to be given Eight Days Notice in Writing at che leaft of his, her, or the;r Intention to brinw fuch Appeal and of the Matter thereof, to the Party ot Parties appealed againft, and within Four Days after fuch Notice, entering into a Rtcogni-zance before fome Juflice of the Peace forthe faid Eaft Riding with Two ' fufficient Sureties conditioned to try fuch Appeal, arid to abide the Order' 't of and to pay fuch Cofts as lhall be awarded by the faid Juftices at fuch 1 General Quarter Seflion, and upon due Proof of fuch Notice be ng given, and of, fuch Recognisance being entered into as aforefaid, the faid Juftices

fhall

620

a8* GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

(hall and they are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of every fuch Appeal in afummary Way, and to make fuch Order and award fuch Damages and Cods to tire Party appealing or 1	appealed	againft,	as	the	laid	Juftices	(hall	think fit and proper ;

and alio (hall and may by their Warrant levy the Damages and Cofts which (hall be fo awarded by Diitrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus, if any, upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of fuch Good* and Chattels, after deducting the reafonable Charges of luch Warrant, Diftrefs, and Sale; and the Order and Determination of the Did Juftices in their faid General Quarter Sellions lhall be final and conclufive to all Perfons interefted, and lhall not be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefs whatfoever, into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at We/iminjler, or elfewhere.

Form of Conviction.

Public Afl.

XXV.	And be it further cnafted.That in all Cafes where any Conviction (hall be had for any Offence or Offences committed againli this or the faid recited Aft, or either of them, or againft any Order or Scifions, the Form of Conviflioa (hall be in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to fay),

*	T)E it remembered, That on this	Day	of	in	the

*	^	Year of the Reign of	A*	B.	is convi&ed

*	before	of	His	Majefty’s	Juftices	of	the	Peace,

‘ for the	of	having {as the Offence Jkallbe) and

‘ and I {or we) the faid	do	adjudge him, (her, or them) to

*	forfeit and pay for the fame the Sum ot	Given under

« my Hand and Seal (or Hands and Seals) the Day and Year aforefaid.'

XXVI.	And be it further enadted,That this Act (hall be deemed and taken to be a Public Aft, and lhall be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty. 1808.

*

»

'!

W

«4

it

d

ie

4

1 ■'

m	-	ANNO	QUADRAGESIMO	OCTAVO

i GEORGII III. REGIS.

w*************^*^**-************* ********************

tli

*,

nd

■	CMp,	41 •

An Aft for building a Bridge over the River Nefs, at Invernefs, widening certain Streets, improving the prefent Harbour, extending the Royalty, fupplying the Inhabitants with Water, regulating the Police, :	and	lighting the Streets of the faid Burgh.

[27th May 1808.]

WHEREAS the Population of the Burgh of Invernefs hath of late Years greatly increafed, and the prefent Bridge oyer the River Nefs being inefficient for the Intercourfe with the adjacent Country, it is expedient that another Bridge ffiould be built over the faid River Nefs, at or near to the old Quay thtreof: And whereas, in order to render the Accefs to the faid new Bridge eafy and commodious, it is neceffary that certain Houfes and other Erections ffiould be pulled down, fo as to leave a free Paffage or Street of the Breadth of Sixty Feet, between a Place called The Grey Friars, and another Place called The Maggot, in the faid Burgh, leading from the Church Lane therein, through the Glebe of the firft Minifter thereof, and the Grounds called The Maggot, to the Scite of the faid new Bridge ; and alfa to open a Communication not exceeding Sixty Feet in Breadth, between Church Street and New Street, oppofite or nearly oppofue to tiie Academy in the faid Burgh ; and alfo to widen and improve Church Street, oppofite to the Gaol ot the faid Burgh, and to vndtn Biidge Street [Lee. hf Per.]	y	S	and

622

Power to build a ill ulgr.

SuHfcripftonj *o be paid.

i’onMge, inJ Power to make Erec-rions for in Collection.

4«“GEORGII III. Cap.\t.

and alfo to make a new Street behind cettaiit Houfes on the North Side of that Part of a Street in the faid Burgh called Ea/l Street, to the Eafl of a Houfe therein belonging to John Mackenzie Glover; and further, that new Streets and Square* fhould be ereded on the Grounds fituated between the Roads leading Eaftwards to che King’s Mills Burn and the River Nefs, and the Harbour of the faid Burgh r And whereas, the.prefent Harbour being inadequate to the Trade of the Port of bvuernefs, it i3 expedient that the fame fltould be improved by the Lredion of a new Pier or Quay on the Bank of the faid River Nefs, at or near to a Place called Thornbujh, adjoining to the Lands of Merkincb, and by widening, deepening, and cleanfmg the Bed of the faid River: And whereas it is expedient that the Royalty of the faid Burgh (hould be extended over the Lands of Merkincb, as well as fuch Lands adjoining thereto as belong to the faid Magiflrates and Town Council, and the Lands which are holden of the faid Magiflrates and Town Council, between the Barony of Cajllehill and the Sea, and from thence Ealtward to the Burn of King’s Mills, at the Place where the fame enters the Sea: Arid whereas the faid Burgh is at prefent very fcantily fupplied with Water, and it is very defirable that a fufficient Supply fhould be afforded to the Inhabitants thereof, and for the Ufe of the Shipping reforting to the faid Port: And whereas it is further expedient that the Police of the laid Burgh fhould be regulated, and that Powers fhould be granted for lighting the Streets within the faid Burgh : But thefe Objeds cannot be accomplifhed without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore pleafe Your Majelty that it may be enaded ; and be it enaded by the King’s moff Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Magii* trates and Town Council of the Burgh of Invemefs, and their Succeflors in Office, and they are hereby empowered, by themfelves or their Deputies, Agents, Servants, Workmen, and others, to build a Bridge aerof? the River Nefs, at or near to the old Quay on thg Bank of the faid River, of fuch Materials, and in fuch Form and Manner, as the faid Magiflrates and Council fhall think proper; and alfo to ered, build, and make, all proper and neceffary Abutments, Pillars, Ramparts, Wings, Walls, Banks, Way6, and other Works, for the Ufe, Support, and Prefer vat ion of the faid Bridge.

II.	And be it further enaded, That the refpedive Perfons who have fubferibed or fhall fubferibe any Money, for and towards building the faid Bridge, fhall, and they are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums refpedively by them fubferibed, at fuch I itnes ana Places, and in fuch Manner as fhall be -direded by the faid Magifliates and Council, who are hereby empowered to fue for and recover the fame, in any Court of Law or Equity, with Double Colls of Suit.

1 • ; 1 , ,

III.	And be it . farther enaded, That it fha.U and may be lawful for the laid Magiflrates, and Tow® Council and their Sucqeffors, and all fuch Perlons as fhall be commiflioned and authorized by them .(whom they are hereby empowered to appoint) to ured every luch-PJoufc, Bar, Gate, Pod, Chain, or Raii, which may , be nectflltry for levying the Pontages hereby authorized, and ado the Petty CqRpips of the-fad Burgh, heretofore levied,; which it {hall and may-be lawful

i	lor

4.8° GEO&GII III. Cap.4f.	623

for the faid Magiffrates and Council, and their Succeflbrs, and all fuch Perfons as "(hall be authorized and commiflioned by them for that Purpofe, and from Time to Time, and at all Times, after completing and finithing the faid Bridge, fo that Paffenger9, Carriages, and Cattle, can pafs the fame ; to aflc, demand, receive, and recover, before any Paffuge fhall be permitted over the faid Bridge, a Pontage not exceeding the Sums following ; videlicet :

For each Horfe, Gelding, Mare, Mule, Afs, or other Beaft, drawing or Laden, the Sum of One Penny Sterling:

For every Horfe, Gelding, Mare, Mule, or Afs, unladen or not drawing, the Sum of Three Farthings Sterling:

For every Bull, Ox, or Cow, the Sum of Three Farthings Sterling :

For every Score of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, Goats, or Swine, the Sum of Ten-pence Sterling, and fo in Proportion, for any greater or lefs Number:

For every Foot Paffenger, the Sum of One Farthing Sterling:

And if any Perfon or Perfons, fubject to the Payment of the faid Tolls, or either of them, fhall refufe to pay the fame, it fhall be lawful to and for the Perffn or Perfons appointed to collect the faid Tolls, to carry fuch Perfon or Perfons, before One of the Magiffrates of the faid Burgh, and on the Offence being proved, fuch Magiftrate fhall impofe on the Party offending, a Fine not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, to be paid to the Collector of the faid Tolls; and on Nonpayment thereof, to commit fuch Perfon or Perfons to the Houfe of Correction, or Common Gaol of the faid Burgh, for any Time not exceeding Three Months.

IV.	And be it further enabled, That every Perfon fiibfcribmg the Exemptions Sum of Twenty Pounds or upwards, towards building the faid Bridge, lrom J’onu£:* and the Wife, Son, or Daughter, of every fuch Subfcriber, fhall, during the Life of fuch Subfcriber, be exempted from paying the Pontage hereby impofed, for themfelves, their Ilcrfes, Geldings, Mares, Mules,

Affes, Cows, Bulls, or Oxen, Calves, Sheep, Lambs, Goats, or Swine, and in like Manner fhall be exempted from the Tolls hereby impofed ; every Clergyman on Foot or on Horfeback, going to or returning from vifiting any Tick Perfon, or upon his Parochial or Minif-terial Duty, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be performed ; and all Perfons, or Horl'es, Cattle, and Carriages employed in conveying the Mails of Letters or Expreffej, under the Authority of His Majefty’s Poft Maflcr General* either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding fuch Mails or Expreffes, or returning back therefrom; and all Officers and Soldiers on their March, or on Duty, and the Horfes of fuch Officers, or any Carriages conveying the Arms or Baggage of any fuch Officers or Soldiers, and all Perlons enrolled in any Corps of Volunteers going to or returning from the Place appointed for the Exercife of the Coro* to which they refpeftively belong $ and all Horfes furtiifhed by or lor any Fer'om belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for the Exercite of fuch Corps refneclivdy, pr videi that fuch Perfons be (dreflird.in the Uniform tif their refoecUve Corps, sod have.their Arms,

Furniture,

&2+	48*	GEORG	11 Ilf. Cap.fU

Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for i'uch Corps refpedively, at the Time of claiming loch Exemption ; and alfo all Vagrants travelling with legal PafTeS, and Horfes conveying the fame, fhall be exempted from the Pontages hereby impofed.

P*r,aiiy o.» V. And be it further enacted. That if any Perfon fhall malicioufly

Gates,1*:. ^reak down or injure any Houle, Bar, Gate, Poll, Chain, or Rail, erefted or placed for collecting the faid Pontage, or fhall maltreat any Collector, or be aiding or a Hi fling thereto, or fhall forcibly pafs through, or forcibly affift any Perfon in palling through any fuch Gate, Polt, Chain, or Rail, or fhall refcue any Perfon in Cuftody for any fuch Offence, every Perfon fo offending, and being thereof lawfully con-vi&ed, by the Oath or Oaths of any One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, or by his own Confeffion, before any competent Judge or Judges in Scotland, fhall not only pay the Damages and Expences fuftained by fuch Offence, but fhall further be fubjeft and liable to a Fine not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling.

A plication VI. And be it enaftcd, That the Money arifing from the faid Pontage of Pontage	frail be applied in keeping the faid Bridge in Repair, for which Purpofe

tKS"	a Sum equal to the highelt Expence which fhall have been incurred in

fuch Repairs in ar.y one Year, fhall be fet apart and replaced as often as the fame (hall be expended ; and thereafter it fhall and may be lawful for the f»id Magiftrates and Council to apply the Surplus ot luch Pontages (which fhall remain after defraying all fuch Repairs and keeping Inch Sum fo let ap->rt as aforelaid) towards improving the Accefs to the laid Budge, in Manner herein-afrer dirtfted and after fuch Accefs fhall have been lo improved it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Magiflrates and Council to apply any fuch Surplus in Aid of the Tolls granted by an- AH of the Sfff/h/frParliamer.t, being the Firft Parliament of King.fames the Seventh, in •	the Year One tbouland fix hundred and eighty-five, intituled, ARinfavour

of the Burgh cf Idverbels, for exacting a Jmall Cujlom at the Bridge thereof, towards upholding and maintaining fuch lad mentioned Bridge, if the Tolls levied thereat fliall not be Efficient for keeping the fame in Repair.

Further	VII.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That the Pontages hereby

ilicnfon*or grained (hall be applied for the Purpcfes and in the Manner htreby iiie Poiitige. Sieged, and for no other Purpofe v.hatloever; and diftii ft Accounts lhall be kept of the Pontages received by virtue of this Aft end of the Appli-• cation thereof, which lhall be at all reafonable Times open 10 the Infpec-tion of any Inhabitant of the faid Burgh of lmemeff, paying the Sum of .Sixpence tor each Infpeftion ; and Extrafts or Copies of ail or any Parc ot fuch Accounts .fhall be furmfhed when lequircd to every fuch Inhabit, anr, paying at tl e Rate of not n ore than Sixpence fur each One hundred Words in luch Extraft or Copy.

Ponttgr may VIII. Piovided alfo, and be it enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful for be loA-tred. the Court of Seflion ir ihc Court of Exchequer in Scotland, upon ihe Application of any Tlvee of luch Inhabitant-1, to enquire into and nicer-t jin ihc Amount of the Monies received from the Pontage; hereby granted and the Appl.cation thereof, and whether the Amount of the Sums fa received arc more than fc fficient for the Purpoles to which they *ie hereby d.rafted to be appli.d, and whether any Surplus adiing therefrom as

afortfald,

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 4-r.	625

aforefaid, which lhall have been applied to maintain and uphold the faid old Bridge lhall have been nece'Tary, in Addition to the Toils levied thereat; and it lhall be lawful for the faid Court of Sefiion or the faid Court of Exchequer to make fuch Order as they lhall think proper, for the due Application of the Money received from fuch Pontages, in the Manner hereby directed; and if it lhall appear that the Sums levied lhall be more than lufficient for fuch Purpofes, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Couitof Sefiion or the faid Court of Exchequer to lower the fame to luch Sum as lhall appear fufficient, and ir (ball not be lawful for the faid Magiftrates and Council to levy a higher Rate of Pontage than lhall be fo oidered; but it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Court of Sefiion or the faid Court of Exchequer, upon the Application of the Lid Magil-rrates and Council, at any future Period again to enquire into and afeer-tain the Amount of the Receipts and the Manner of the Application of fuch Pontages, and to make an Order authorizing the ftid Magiftrates and Council to raife the fame to fuch Amount as fuch Courc to whom fuch Application (hall have been made (hall think, proper, not exceeding the Rates hereby granted, which may be afterwards railed and lowered as often as there lhall be Occafion, in the Manner hereby directed: Provided always, that before making fuch Application to the faid Court of Stfli n or to the faid Court of Exchequer, fuch Inhabitants lhall previoofly require the faid Magiftrates and Council, in Writing, to lower the faid Rates to fuch Amount as they (hall reprefent to be proper, and to correct any Error or Abufc in the Application thereof of which they complain ; and if upon fuch Inquiry it lhall appear to fuch Court to whom any fuch Application (hall have been made that there was no fufficient Ground for loch Applicaiion, it (hall ami may be lawful for fuch Court, and fuch Court is hereby directed to decern and ordain the whole Amount of the Colts to which the (aid Magiftrates and Council (ball be put in and by 1	fuch Application, to be paid to them by the I'arties making the fame.

IX.	And, in order to render the Accefs to the faid Bridge, when For improving built, eafy and commodious; be it enacted, That it lhall and may be Bodge,

.	lawful fur the faid Magiftrates and Council, and their Succeftors in

Office, and they are hereby empowered by themfelves, their Deputies, f	Agents, Servants, Workmen, and others, to pull down the Houfes

f	and Buildings	belonging to the Perfons named in Schedule A, here-

I	unto annexed,	fo as to leave a free Paffage or Street of the Breadth

•	of Sixty Feet,	between a Place called The Grey Friars, and another

Place called The Maggot, in the faid Burgh, leading from the Church Lane therein,	through the Glebe of the Fir ft Minifter thereof, and

the Grounds	called The Maggcl, to the Scite of the faid Bridge ;

and alfo to open a Communication from Church Street, not exeeed-I	ing Sixty Fee: in Breadth to New Street, oppofite or nearly oppofite to

the Academy in the faid Burgh, by pulling down the Houfes and other Buildings, and taking Pofieftion thereof, and of tiie Gardens and Grounds which belong to the Perfons named in Schedule B. hereunto an. nex-d; and alfo to widen and improve Church Street, oppofite to the Gaul of the faid Burgh, by pulling down the Houfes and other Buildings, which belong to, and are occupied by the Perfons named in Schedule C. hereunto annexed, fo as to carry the faid Street in a Line with the Houle belonging to James Lyon Merchant, on the Ealt Side of the faid Street, and alfo to widen Bridge Street, bv pulling [Loc. £jf Per.]	7	T	'	down

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

down the Houfes and Buildings which belonged to the deceafed Andrew Tolmie, and taking Porte (lion of a Piece of Wafte Ground adjoining, which Iloufes and Grounds are now occupied by the Perfons named in Schedule D. hereunto annexed ; and alfo to make a new Street behind certain Houfes on the North Side of that Parr of a Street in the faid Burgh called Eaft Street, to the Eaft of a Houfe therein belonging to'John Mackenzie Glover, and to make Streets and Squares on the Grounds fituated between the Roads leading Eattward to the King’s Mill Burn, and the faid River Nefs and Harbour, by pulling down and taking Pofiefiion of the Houfes and Grounds belonging to the Perfons mentioned in Schedule E. hereunto annexed.

X.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That at leaft Six Months Notice in Writing (hall be given, to every Occupier in each of the faid Houfes or other Buildings, previous to the Term of Whitfunday, at which he or (he (hall be required to remove.

improvement XI. And, in order to improve the faid Harbour; be it enafted, That of Harbour, if (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Magiftrates and Council, and their Succertors in Ortice, by themfelves or their Deputies, Agent?, Servants, Workmen, and others, to ereft a new Pier or Quay on the Bank of the faid River Nefs, at or near a Place called Thornbujh, adjoining to the Lands of Merkincb; "and to deepen, widen, fcour, and cleanle the faid Harbour, and alfo the faid River Nefs, for the convenient Entrance of Shipping into the faid Harbour, and the Security and Accommodation thereof, and fer that Purpofe to embank the faid River, and to open, deepen, widen, or cut through, and take away any Rocks Banks, Hills, Earth, Soil, Gravel, Sand, or Rubbilh, in the faid Harbour and River, in fuch Manner as the faid Magiltrates and Council (hall think proper, and alfo to remove and take away any Wrecks of Ship?, that (hall be funk therein refpeftively, or any Wood, Timber, Anchors, or other Obftruftions or Impediments, that may be found or arife therein iefpeftively, and in cafe the Owners of any fuch-Wreck, or the Perfon or Perfons making any fuch Obftruftion or Impediment fo removed by the faid Magiftrates and Council, their Agents, Servants, or Workmen (hall refufe or negleft to pay the Colts or Charges attending fuch Removal, for the Space of Seven Days after Demand thereof, the fame (hall and may be recovered in fuch and the like Manner as any Penalties and Forfeitures are by this Aft direfted to be recovered.

Six Months Not ics to be given.

funifliment XII. And be it further tnafttd, That if any Perfon or Perfons what-foever (hall, after the parting of this Aft, wilfully and malicioufly fet on Fire any of the Piers, Quays, Jetties, Breads, or other Works in or belonging to the faid Harbour, or any of the Materials intended for any of the faid Works, every fuch Perfon or Perfons fo offending, upon bring lawfully convifted thereof, (hall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and (hall fufler Punifhment by Tranfportation, Fine, or Imprisonment, at the Dif-cre; on of the Judge or Judges before whom fuch Oft’ender or Offenders (hall be tried and convifted.

Penalty for deftroying Ropes ot Veucl*.

XIII.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe any Petfon or Perfons whomfoever (hall wilfully or ir.alicioully cut, break, or in any Manner

deitroy

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 41.	627

defiroy any Rope or other Thing by which any Ship, Boat, or other Vetfel lying in the faid Harbour, lhall be moored or faliened, fuch Per-fon or Ptrfons lhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum noc exceeding Five Pounds, befides paying the Damages thereby oc-caftoned.

XIV.	And be it enafted, That, from and after the palling of this Aft, it To prevent' Hull not be lawful to any Perfon or Perfons to throw or empty any Bal-

lafl. Dud, Alhes, or Ilubbilh, Shingle Stones, or other Things, into the Harbour, faid Harbour, or into the Entrance thereto, or the faid River Ncfs, or to dig and take away any Ballad, Shibgle Stones, or other Things therefrom, to the Hurt and Prejudice of the faid Harbour, or of the Works connected therewith, under a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds for every fuch Offence, befides taking up and removing all fuch Ballad,

Dud, Alhes, Rubbifh, Shingle Stones, and other Things, and repairing the Damage occafioned by fuch Default, which the faid Magidrares and Council are hereby empowered to do at the Expence of the Defaulter or Defaulters.

XV.	And be it further enabled, That it’lhall and may be lawful for the	^

faid Magidrates and Council, and their Succelfors in Office, from Time 'egatote ali

to Time, and at all Times after the palling of this Aft, to make, and Mattel^ rciat-afterwards to alter fuch Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to therrl lhall feem proper, for the due Prefervation of the faid Harbour and the Shipping therein, and for the loading and unloading of all Ved'els refort-ing thereto, and for the orderly Behaviour of all Mariners, Boatmen* Lightermen, Watermen, Carmen, and other Perfons on Board fuch Veffels employed in any Manner in the Btlfinefs or Trade of the faid Harbour, and to enforce the Performance of fuch Rules, Orders, and Regulations, by fuch moderate Penalties as fuch Magidrates and Council lhall think fit, not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling for each Tranfgreffionj to be recovered in the fame Manner as any Penalty may be recovered under this Aft: Provided always, that fetch Rules, Orders, and Regulations, diall not be repugnant to the Laws of Scotland, or this Aft, and lhall previoully be recorded in the Court Books of the faid Burgh, and lhall be affixed and continued, legibly printed, on fome confpicuous Place or Places of the faid Harbour, Piers, and other Works, for the due Information of all Perfcns required to conform thereto.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it enafted. Thar any Perfon or Perfons Such Rule, thinking himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves, aggrieved by any Order or Judgement made or given in purfuance of any fuch Rule, Order, or Regulation, may within Three Calendar Months next after anv fuch

Order, Judgement, or Determination, lhall have been made or given,

(firft giving Twenty-one Days Notice of fuch Complaint to the Perfon or Perfons again!! whom fuch Complaint is intended to be made), complain to the next Circuit Court of Judiciary to be held thereafter at Invbvefs \ and the faid Circuit Couti are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine fuch Complaint, in fuch and in the like Marnier, and fubjeft to fuch and the like Regulation^, with refpeft to Appeals to the Courts of judiciary, as are Ipecified and deferibed in an Aft paffed in the Twentieth fear of the Reign of His late Majedy King George the Second, intituled, dn Ail for taking a-jeay and tdjcHJb ng Heritable Jurifditdhns in that Part

of

6*8	^‘GEORGII ni. Cap. 41.

?/Great Britain	Scotland; andfor making Satisfaflion to the Proprietors

thereof; and for rejlorng fuch Jurifdiflions to the Crown, and for making more effectual Provifton for the Adminijlration of Jujlice throughout that Part of the United Kingdom by the King's Courts and Judges there; and for obliging all Perfons aEling as Procurators, Writers, or Agemts in the Law of Scotland, to take the Oaths, and for rendering the Union of the Two Kingdoms more complete-, and fuch Circuit Court of Judiciary may, if they fee Caufe, mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned, which (hall have been levied in purfuance of luch Rule* Order, Regulation, or Determination, and may alfo order and award fuch further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured, as they (hall judge reafonable ; and the Determination of fuch Circuit Court (hall be final and conclufive, without being fubjeCt to Advocation, Sufpenfion, or Stay or Review in any Manner of Way whatfoever, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVII.	And be it further enaCted, That the Matter or Owner of every Ship or Veffel coming to and ufing the faid Harbour, lhall be and is hereby made anfwerable for the Amount of any Damage or Mifchief which (hall be done by him, or by fuch Ship or Velfei, or by any of the Mariners, Boatmen, Servants, or others on Board the fame, or employed by fuch Matter or Owner, to any of the Piers, Quays, Breads, or other Works connected with the faid Harbour, with full Cods of Suit, to be recovered as any other Damages may be recovered under this ACt; and that it (hall be lawful to detain fuch Ship or Veffel until fuificienc Security be granted for the Payment of the fame.

recover frim XVIII. And be it further enaCted, That in cafe theMader orMaders, tilth Servants Owner or Owners of any Ship or Veffel as aforefaid, (hall be compelled my Sum for t0 pav any Penalty or to make Satisfaction for any Damage or Tref-t cir e au t.	reafon of any fuch Damage or Mifchief done or committed by his

or their Mariners, Boatmen, Servants, or other Perfons employed by them, or any of them, fuch Mariners, Boatmen, Servants, or other Perfons, and each and every of them, (hall be liable to pay fuch Penalty or Damage (with the Cods thereof) to fuch Mader or Maders, Owner or Owners ; and in cafe of Non payment thereof upon Demand, and Oath made by fuch Mader or Maders, Owner or Owners of the Payment made by him, her, or them, of fuch Penalty or Satisfaction for Damages, and that the fame and the Cods thereof have or hath not been repaid to him, her, or them by fuch Mariners, Boatmen, Servants, or other Perfons, or any of them, although demanded, (fuch Oath to be made before anyOne Judice of the Peace for the County where fuch Penalty and Satisfaction (hall have been incurred or paid, or where fuch Mariner, Boatman, Servant, or other Perfon can be found), the Amount thereof (hall be recovered as any other Penalty is hereby directed to be recovered.

Matters of Vefle. ,-n-fw r .hie for the Damage done by their Crews.

Rates to be levied.

XIX. And be it further enaCted, That in Confideration of the great Expence which mud be incurred in improving the faid Harbour, and to make dueProvifion for Re-payment of the Sums authorized by this ACt, to be borrowed for the Purpofes of fuch Improvement, it Ilia'll and mav be lawful for the faid Magidrates and Council, and their Succeffors in Ofiice, and fuch Perfon or Perfons as they (hall appoint, fo fcon as the faid Pier (hall be built, to a(k, demand, take, and recover of and from 3	every

48: GEvORGII III. Gap.- 41-	6a9

every the -Matters or Commanders, and Owners of any Ships or Veffels,

Barks and Boats trading to and from, and ufing the faid Harbour; and from the Owners of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize (hipped or landed thereat, the feveral Rates' and Duties fpecificd in Schedule F. hereunto annexed, iri addition to all other Rates and Duties at prefent levied or leviable by the faid Magiftrates and Council, from fuch Matters, Commanders, or Owners.

XX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That all Ships and His Majefly., other Veffels belonging to or employed iri the Service of His Majefty, ufing Snips ex-the faid Harbour, lhall be exempted from the Payment of all and every eini>t*d’ the Rates and Duties hereby granted for and upon Veffels ufing the fame.

XXI.	Provided alfo, and be it enacted, That if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which have paid the above-mentioned Dues at unloading, lhall be again exported in the fame Packages, they lhall be exempted from the Payment of thofe Dues at re-lhipping; and that no Filhery Salt imported in Bulk, and which lhall be re-lhipped in the Calks for the Filhery, lhall be liable to the Payment of any of the faid Rates and Duties when fo re-lhipped, other than the Duty in the faid Table ftipulated for the Calks containing the fame, according to their Dimenfions; and that no Ship or Veffel carrying Stones, Wood, or other Materials into the faid Harbour, for the Ufe of the Piers or any other Works authorized to be made by virtue of this Act, lhall be liable to the Payment of any of the aforefaid Rates or Duties in refpeft of fuch Voyagf or Goods.

XXII.	-And, to the Intent that the Rates or Dufies impofed by this Aft Manner «f may be more effectually collected and levied, be it further enafted, That

in cafe any Owner or Owners, or Matter, or other Perfon or Perfons having Charge or Command of any Ship or other Veffel charged or chargeable with any of the refpeftive Rates or Duties granted by this Aft, or any Owner or Owners, Confignee or Configures of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, lhall refute or negleft to pay the fame, then and in every fuch Cafe it lhall be lawful for the Coliedtor or Colleftors appointed to receive the fame, whom the faid Magiftrates and Council are hereby authorized to appoint, to go on board of fuch Ship or Veffel, and to demand, colleft, and receive the faid Rates or Duties, and on Non-payment thereof, to take and diftrain fuch Ship or Veffel, and all her Tackle,

Apparel, and Furniture thereto belonging, or any Part thereof, and the fame to detain until the refpeftive Rates or Duties lhall be fatisfied and paid ; and in cafe of any Negleft or Default in Payment for the Space of Five Days after any Dittrefs or Diftreffes fo made or taken, then it lhall and may be lawful for the faid Collector or Colleftors to caufe the fame to be appraifed by Two or more fworn Appraifers, or other fufficient Perfons, not interefted therein, and afterwards to fell the faid Dittrefs or DiftTefies, and therewith to fatisfy himfslf or themfelves, as well for or in refpeft of the Rates or Duties fo neglefted or refufed to be paid, and the which Dittrefs or Diftreffes lhall have been made or taken as aforefaid and alfo for or in refpeft of his or their reasonable Charges on taking keeping, appraiftng, and felling the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand to the Matter, Commander, Owner or Owners, of fuch Ship [Lie. b5 Per.]	7 U	..	'	or

Goods for which To t-nage Datv once paid, not to pay a Second Time, &C-

630

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

or Veffel, or the Owner or Owners, Confignee or Confignees of fuch Goods, Wares, and Merchandize refpeftively.

F'irpa eIud'	And ke >t further enafted, That if any Mailer, Owner or Owners,

mint to -on or other Perfon or Perfons, having the Charge or Command of any Ship tinuecharge- or other Veffel, or any Owner or Owners, Confignee or Confignees, or any other Perfon orPerfons owning or having Charge of anyGoods, Wares, or Merchandize imported into the faid Port from Parts beyond the Seas, (hall by anv Means whatfoever, at any Time or Times elude or evade the Payment of the Rates or Duties hereby made payable, or any Part thereof, each and every Perfon eluding or evading Payment thereof as aforefaid, fhall {land charged with and forfeit and pay a Sum equal to Double the Rates or Duties fo eluded and evaded ; and fuch Sum fhall be recovered from fuch Mailer, Owner or Owners, Confignee or Confignees, or other Perlon or Perfons refpeftively, by the fame Ways and Means and in fuch Manner as are herein-after directed for levying and recover-ing Penalties and Forfeitures by this Aft inflifted or authorized to be impofed.

For ifcertain- XXIV. And be it further enafted. That theTonnage and Admeafurement >ns the Ton- 0f al| Ships and Veffels required to be regiilered by any Aft or Afts of r«ru eincrit Parliament of the Kingdom of Great Britain, or of the United Kingdom of Shipping, of Great Britain and Ireland, and trading or coming to or departing from the faid Harbour, and liable to the Payment of any of the Rates or Duties by this Aft impofed, fliall be afeertained according to the certified Tonnage in the Ship’s Regifter ; and the Mafler or other Perfon having the Command of any fuch Ship or Veffel, is hereby required to produce the Certificate or Regiflry at the Time of Payment of the faid Kates or Duties, to the Perfon or Perfons who fhall be duly authorized to colleft and receive fuch Rates or Duties; and in cafe of any Difpute in, about, or concerning the fame, or in cafe of any Difpute in refpeft of the Tonnage of any Ship or Veffel not required to be regiflered, or of any foreign Ship or Veffel, then theTonnage of any fuch Ship or Veffel fhall be afeertained in the Manner and according to the Directions of an Aft paffed in the Twenty-fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefly, intituled, An Aft for Encouragement of Shipping and. Navigation.

Po«r to	XXV.	And	be	it	further	enafted.	That	if the Colleftor or Collectors of

rveffcnship’ any	^ates cr Duties, and fuch other Perfon or Perfons as the

nv "' faid Magiflrates and Council, or their Succeffors in Office, fhall duly nominate and appoint in that Behalf, and the Matter or other Perfon having Charge or Command of any Ship or other Veffel, cannot agree about or otherwife afeertain the Tonnage of fuch Ship or other Veflel, then and in every fuch Cafe it fliall be lawful for the faid Colleftor or Collectors, or Perfon or Perfons appointed as aforefaid, from Time to Time, and at all convenient and reafonable Times, to flop, detain, enter into, meafure, and gauge the fame j and in cafe the fame fhall, upon fuch meafuring or gauging, appear to be of greater Tonnage than fhall be fet forth and contained in the Account which fhall be given thereof, then the Mafler or Perfon giving in fuch Account fhall pay the Cods and Charges of fuch meafuring or gauging, all which Colts and Charges, upon Refufal of Payment thereof, on Demand, fliall and mav be recovered and levied by fuch Ways and Means, and in fuch Manner as 2	the

631

4.8* GEORGII III. Cap.41.

the Rates or Duties aie hereby appointed to be recovered and levied} but if any fuch Ship or other Veflel fhall be found to be of the fame or of lefs Tonnage than the fame fhall by fuch Account appear to be of, then the laid Colledor or Colledors, or fuch other Perfon or Perfons rel'pec-tively (hall pay the Coils and Charges of fuch meafuring or gauging, and fhall alfo pay fuch further Damages as fhall appear to Two or more Juflices of the Peace in and for the faid County of Invernefs, on the Oath of any credible Witnefs, to have arifen from fuch Detention ; and if £'rnf’'^ any Mafler, Commander, or other Officer of any Ship or Veflel, or any limiting iuch other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, fhall obftrud or hinder any Perfon Meafnrement. or Perfons fo employed from meafuring or gauging any Ship or Veflel in purfuance of this Aft, every fuch Mafler, Commander, or other Perfon, fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds over and above the faid Rates.

XXVI.	And, to the Intent that the Rates or Duties by this Ad impofed Cuftom Honfe may be duly accounted for and paid ; be it further enaded. That no difchirge'any* Colledor of His Majefly’s Cufloms at the faid Harbour, fhall on anyPre- Veflel before fence whatever, permit or allow any Ship or Veflel on which Duties of DutiesP*lt1' Tonnage are by this Ad impofed, to be entered inwards from foreign

Ports or Coallwife, unlels and until the Mafler or other Perfon having Charge of any fuch Ship or Veflel fhall have paid the Duties of Tonnage by this Ad impofed, and fhall have produced ro the faid Colledor a Certificate under the Hand of the Officer or Perfon appointed under the Authority of this Ad to colled and receive the faid Rates or Duties due and payable by virtue of this Ad, on account of any fuch Ship or VeffVl, have been fully paid } and that no fuch Colledor fhall, upon any Pretence whatever, permit or allow any Goods or Merchandize on which a Rate or Duty is by this Ad impofed, to be landed from any Ship or Veflel entered inwards or coaltwife, unlefs and until the Owner or Owners, Confignee or Confignees, of fuch Goods or Merchandize,

(ball have paid the Rates or Duties hereby impofed on fuch Goods or Merchandize, and fhall have produced to the faid Colledor a Certificate under the Hand of the Officer or Perfon appointed under the Authority of this Ad to colled and receive the faid Rates or Duties, certifying that the faid lafl mentioned Rates or Duties have been fully paid ; which re-fpedive Certificates and Signatures fuch Officers or Perfons, appointed under the Authority of this Ad to receive the faid Rates and Duties, are required to fign and give accordingly, without Fee or Reward, upon Pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, together with Cofts of Suit, and which Sum when forfeited, (hall be recovered in the fame Manner as other Penalties under this Act may be recovered.

XXVII.	And beitfurther enaded, That it fhall and may be lawful to and MJgiftr»t«s for the faid Magiflrates and Council, and their Succeflors in Office, and empowered to they are hereby authorized and empowered to let to farm a» well the Rates r

and Duties as the aforefaid Pontage hereby made payable, or any Part or Parts thereof, unto any Perfon or Perfons, for any Time or Term they fhail think proper, not exceeding Three Years from the Commencement of any Leafe ; and every fuch Leafe fhall be valid and cfledua!; and the Ltffee or Leffees thereof, and alfo fuch Perfon or Perfons as fuch Leflee or Leffees fhall appoint to colled and receive the Rates fo let, fhall, during the Continuance of every fuch Leafe, be deemed Colkdors of the Rates

and

632

Kite* way be altered.

Power to borrow Money.

Application of the Rates and Duties.

Accounts to be kept open to Inspection,

Afcertaining the Am out of Rates.

IxtcnRon of the Royalty.

48° GEORGII III. %?.4r.

and Pontage fo let, and fhall have the fame Power and Authority for collecting and recovering the fame, as if they had been appointed for that Purpofe by the faid Magiftrates and Council, provided publick Notice of the Intention to let the faid Rates and Duties and Pontage, or any Part thereof, be given by the faid Magiftrates and Council, by Notice affixed at the Place or Places where fuch Rates and Duties and Pontage are colleded, at Jeaft Thirty Days prior to the Time at which the faid Rates and Duties, and Pontage, or any Part thereof, are propofed to be let as aforefaid,	*	.*•

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, Thatit fliall and may belawfultoand for the faid Magiftrates an,d Council, and their Succeffors in Office, to lower or reduce all or any of the faid Rates and Duties, and again to raife the fame to fuch Sum or Sums of Money as they fhall think proper, not exceeding the Sums before mentioned, as the Expence of maintaining and repairing the faid Harbour may require.

XXIX.	And be It further enaded, That itfhall and may be lawful for the faid Magiftrates and Council, and their Succeffors in Office, to borrow Money upon the Credit of the faid Rates and Duties, to the Amount of any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole Three thoufand Pounds Sterling, and to affign the faid Rates and Duties, or any Part thereof, in Security of the Money fo borrowed.

XXX.	And be it further enabled, That the faid Rates andDuties fliall be applied in improving the faid Harbour, and in maintaining and keeping the fame in Repair, and in Repayment of the Sums of Money borrowed upon the Security thereof} and in no other Manner whatfoevcr.

XXXI.	Provided always, and be It enaded, ThatdiftindAccountsfhall be kept of the faid Rates and Duties, and of the Application thereof, which fliall be at all reafonable Times open to the Infpedion of any Perfon or Perfons fubjed to .the Payment thereof, paying the Sum of Sixpence for each Infpedion, to whom Extrads or Copies of ail or any Part of the faid Accounts fhall de furniflied when required, at an Expence not exceeding the Rate of Sixpence for each One hundred Words of fuch Extrad or Copy.

XXXII.	Provided alfo, andbeitenaded, Thatitfliallandmaybelawfulfar the faid Court of Seifion, or the faid Court of Exchequer, upon the Application of any Three of fuch Perfons fubjed to the Payment of the faid Rates and Duties, to inquire and afeertain the Amount of the faid Rates and Duties colleded by virtue of this Ad, and the Application thereof, and whether the Amount thereof is more than fufficient for the Purpofes to which the faid Rates and Duties are hereby direded to be applied, and fuch and the like Orders fliall be made and pronounced by the faid Courts refpedively, and fuch and the like Matters and Things fhall be done by them and the faid Magiftrates and Perfons making fuch Application, which are heTein-before direded in the Cafe of any Application to the faid Courts refpedively, relating to the faid Pontage.

XXXIII.	Andbeitfurtherenaded,That, from and immediately after the pafling of this Ad, the Royalty of the faid Burgh of hmrnefs fliall be

extended

48" GEORGII III; Cap.in

extended over and comprehend the faid Lands of Merkinch, as well as fu'ch Lands as belong to the faid Magiftrates and Council, and the whole Lands holding of the faid Magillrates and Council, between the Barony of Caftlehill and the Sea, and Eaftward to the Burn of King’s Mills, as the fame enters the Sea, lying in the Pari fir and County of Invernefs; and that the faid Magiffrates and Council fhall henceforth have and enjoy the fame Rights, Privileges, and Jurifdiftions over the faid Lands hereby annexed to and comprehended in the faid Royally, as they .dot now enjoy and exerctfe ovef and within the Limits of the prefent Royalty, and (hall and they are hereby empowered to levy the fame Mails, Duties. Culloms, and other Taxations within thefe annexed Lands, in the fame Manner, and by fuch Ways and Means as the faid jMagiftrates and Council are entitled to levy and recover fuch Mails, Duties, Cuftorns, and Taxations, within the prefent Royalty.

XXXIV.	Providdd always, and be it enafled. That noTrader or Artificer ^fh'c”rsr refiding upon the faid Lands of Merkinch, fhall, within Ten Years from in the Lana* and after the palling of this Aft, be obliged to become a Member of the “^o',iue ih Guildry, or the Six incorporated Trades of the faid Burgh of Invernefs, uniefs they provided fuch Trader or Artificer fhall not encroach upon the Privileges of

the faid Guildry, or of the faid Incorporated Trades; but after the hereof the Expiration of Ten Years from the palling of this Aft, every fuch Trader Guildry, or and Artificer refiding in the faid Lands of Met kinds, fhall be obliged to xen' Years, become a Member of the faid Guildry, and of'the faid Incorporated Trades refpeftively, according to his Calling, paying the accuftomed Dues now payable by Traders and Artificers refiding within the prefent Royalty :

Provided always, that every Trader and Artificer refiding in the faid Lands of Merkinch, may become a Member of the faid Guildry or Incorporated Tiades, upon Payment of thofe Dues, at any Time before the Expiration of the faid Period,

XXXV.	And, in order that the Inhabitants of the faid Burgh, and Water to be the Shipping reforting to the laid Harbour, may be fupplied with Water,

be it enafted,That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Magiftrates and Council, and they are hereby empowered to bring and convey Water into the faid Burgh of Invernefs, from a Place called Grants Well, in the Lands of Leys, belonging to Arthur Robertfon of Inches, Efquire, palling through the Barony of Culcabock, alfo belonging to the faid Arthur Robertfon, riie Lands of Dam/ield and Gallowmuir, belonging to Colonel Daillte of Leys; the Lands of Claypcts, belonging to Donald Mackenzie-, the Lands of Porteriand, belonging to David Davidfon of Cainiray, Efquire ; and the Lands of Barnhills, belonging to Hugh Frafer, and for the Pur-pofes aforefaid, or any of the Purpofes of this Aft, to bore, dig, cut, trench, foutih, get, remove, take, carry away, and lay Earth, Clay, Stones,

Soil, Rubbifh, Trees, Roots of Trees, Beds of Gtavtl, or Sand, or any other Matters or Things which may be dug or got in making a Kefervoir or Refervoirs at Grants Well aforefaid ; and in laying any Pipe or Pipes, or in making or conftrufting fuch Works as fhall be neceffary for conveying luch Water, or which may hinder, obftruft, or prevent, the making or conftrufting the fame, or the ufing, completing, and maintaining the fame,and to ufe, exercife,and employ, all neceffary Ways and Means for conveying and bringing a fufficient Supply of Water from the faid Place to the faid Burgh, for the Ufe of the Inhabitants thereof, and the Ship-[Loc. its Per.]	7 X	ping

634	48:GEORGII	m. 'Cap.41.

f»ng refsrting thereto, and from Time to Time to repair, maintain, fup-port, and continue the fame according to the Tenor, and Effeft, and true Intent and Meaning hereof, and alfo to make, maintain, repair and alter any Fences, Paflages, Bridges, or Arches which may be neceflary for the Purpofes aforefaid, or any of them, and from Time to Time to make, conftruft, and ereft, and to repair and maintain any Wells or Citterns, in any of theStreets,Lanes, or Places in the faid Burgh, for the commonSup. ply of the Inhabitants thereof; and any Bafons, Main Pipes, Rider Pipes, Hand Pipes, Stand Pipes, Service Pipes, Branches of Lead, and other Metal Cocks, Chamber Cocks, Cocks in common, Stock Cocks, Valves, Fire Plugs, Air Plugs, Fire Cocks, Bores, Mains, Ferriers, Feeders, Tampers. Drains, Pumps, Sluices, and other Works and Devices, as they Ihall think proper, and for all or any of the Purpofes of this Ad, to break up and remove the Soil, Potts, Kirbs, Bulk-heads, Bars, Sewers, Drains, Pavements, and gravelled and other Ways, of any of the prefent and future Roads, Streets, Squares, Lanes, Paflages, Alleys, public Courts, Footways, public Quays, Clofes, and public Places, and to enter into any private Lands or Grounds, within the faid Burgh and Parts adjacent, and to dig and fink Trenches, and lay Pipes, and put Stop Cocks, Chamber Cocks, Fire Cocks, Fire Plugs, and Branches, from fuch Pipes in fuch Places, for the laying and fixing fuch Pipes, and ail fuch other Matters and Things, in fuchPlaces and in fuch Manner as they Ihall judge neceflary for diftributing and conveying fuch Water to the faid Wells or Citterns or the refpeftive Houfes, Offices, and other Tenements of the faid Inhabitants of the faid Burgh, and for that Purpofe to ereft ftandard or upright Pipes, on the Sides or Gavels of any Tenement or Building, to fupply any Inhabitant of any of the Stories or Floors thereof with Water, and to build up or furround the fame with a Coveting of Timber, Stone, or Brickwork, or other Building for preferving the fame: Provided the faid Magiftrates and Council do not ftop up any Window, or Light of any Proprietor, without his Confent, by the faid upright Pipes, or Buildings for preferving the fame, and from'l ime to Time as Occafion may require to alter the Pofition of, and to repair, re-lay, and maintain, fuch Pipes, Stop Cocks, and Air Plugs, and Machinery, and to do all other Afts, Matters, and Things, which (hall from Time to Time be neceflary or proper for completing and amending, repairing and improving, and for ufing the Works authorized by this Aft to be done, in relation to the fupplying the Paid Burgh and Shipp ng reforting to the faid Harbour with Water, and provided for the Purpofes, and according to the true Intent and Meaning hereof; they, the faid Magiftrates and Council, their Deputies, Agents, Servants, and Workmen, doing as little Damage as may be in the Execution of the feveral Powers to them hereby granted, making Satisfaction in the Manner herein-after mentioned, tp the Owners and Proprietors of, and all Perlons interefted in, the Lands, Tenemen s, and Heritages refpeftively, which Ihall be ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, or injured in Value by Means of the Powers hereby granted, or which Ihall be by them fuftained, by reafon of all or any of the Powers of this Aft.

pi n <trp >r.t'd XXXVI. And whereas a Map or Plan, defcribing the Places from whence

with the	ancj the Manner in which Water is to be conveyed into the faid Burgh,

Peice 011 ’* hath been paired with the Clerk of the Peace of the County of Invernefs $ be it tnafted, That fuch Map or Plan Ihall remain in the Cuftody of the faid Clerk of the Peace for the Time being, or his De-

3	' puty}

635

48° GEORGII in. Cap. 4.x.

puty; and all Perfons interefted therein lhali, at all reafonable Times, have Liberty to infpeft and perufe the fame, and take a Copy thereof, or any Part thereof, paying the Sum of One Shilling to the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, for every fuch Infpeftion; and that the faid Magistrates and Council fliall not, in making fuch Refervoirs, and bringing Water into the faid Burgh as aforefaid, deviate more than Twenty Yards, of Three Feet each, from the Scite of the faid Springs, or the Courfe in which the Water is to be conveyed therefrom into the faid Burgh as aforefaid, as defcribed in the faid Map or Plan, without the Confent and Approbation, in Writing, of the Perfon or Perfons, Body Politic or C.oiporate, through whofe Lands or Grounds fuch Deviation (hall be made*

XXXVII.	Providedalways, andbeitenafted, That nothing hereincontainftl ”°dy "rertrf

fliall authorize or empower the faidMagiftratesandCouncil, or any Perfon or and Garden Perfons afting by and under their Authority, to take, ufe, injure or damage ^	19

any Hgufe or ether Building which was created or built on or before the

palling of this Aft, or any Land or Ground which, on or before the palling of this Aft was fet apart and ufed as or for a Yard, Park, Paddock, Garden, planted Walk, or Avenue to a Houfe, without the Confent of the Owner or Owners thereof for the Time being : Provided alfo. That the faid Magiltrates and Council fliall not be reltrained from erefting Standard or Upright Pipes on the Sides or Gavels of any Tenement or Building, to fupply any Inhabitant of any Story or Floor thereof, with Water in the Manner herein-before direfted.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enafled, That every Inhabitant of the faid Pub,'£ We,,t Burgh, and the Crews of all Vcfieh frequenting the laid Harbour, lhali w”t rf»ay be have free Accefs to every Well or Ciltern erected or placed in any public conveyed to Street, Lane, or Place in the faid Burgh, fo as to take Water therefrom, Jihabiw* at fuch Times as the faid Magiltrates and Council fliall direft Water

to be fupplied therefrom, which fliall be at lealt Ten Hours in every Day, Accidents, and the Time when the faid Wells or Cilterns fliall be repairing excepted, and if any Inhabitant of the faid Burgh, lhali be dtlirous of having the Witer laid into his or her Houfes or Oflices, fuch Inhabitant is hereby authorized and emppvvered, at his or her own Expence (having firlt obtained the Confent in Writing, of the faid Magiltrates and Council), to open the Ground between the Pipes laid by the laid Magiltrates and Council, and the refpeftive Houfes, Brew-houfes. Manufactories, or Oflices of fuch Inhabitant, and to lay Leaden or other Pipes (the Bore thereof to be afeertained by the faid Magif-trates and Council), from fuch refpeftive Houfes, Brewhoufes, Manufactories, or Oflices, to communicate with the Pipes laid by the faid Magnates and Council, in any Road, Street, Lane, Paffage, or Place within the laid Burgh, fuch Inhabitant, making Satisfaction in the Manner directed by this Aft, to the Owners and Occupiers of and Perfons interefted in any Lands, Grounds, Tenements or Heritages, which lhali or may be injured by fuch Inhabitant, and alfo paying to the faid Magiltrates and Council, Yearly, Quarterly, or Monthly, fucli Sum or Sums of Money lor fuch Water, as fliall be mutually agreed upon between them; and in cafe of Default in Payment of any fuch Sum or Sums uf Money fo agreed to be paid as aforefaid, it lhali and may be lawful Lr the laid Mjgiltrates and Council to caufe the Pipe or Pipes belonging

to '

636

Bill Cocks to be provided

in Citterns.

PrnslI) for injuring Hie Water.

Pcftil'y for inienUp'iiig Workmen.

48® GEORG II III. Cap. 41.

tc the Perfon orPerfons making fuch Default, and communicating wifft any main .Pipe or Pipes laid by the faid Magiftrates and Council, to be fepamted from the faid Pipe or Pipes with which the fame fhall fo communicate, and to caufe the Water to be flropped from ifluing or running into the Houfe, Office. Work, or Manufactory, of everv Perfon making fuch Default, and that the Sum or Sums of Mnney which fhall be due and in Arrear from fuch Perfon or Perfons to the faid Magiftrates and Council, fhall and may be recovered by them, by Diflrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfons liable to pay the fame, in the fame Manner as Rents payable by any Leafe may by Law be recovered; and if any Perfon (hall lay, or caufe to be laid, any leaden or other Pipe to communicate with any main Pipe or other Pipe, laid by the faid Magiftrates and Council, without fuch Confent being obtained, as afore-faid, every fuch Perfon fhall forfeit and pay to the faid Magiftrates and Council, the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Day fuch Pipe fhall fo remain: Provided always, that fuch Inhabitants of the faid Burgh, as fhall have laid Leaden Pipes, as aforefrid, fhall be at liberty to remove and take away the fame, and the Cocks thereto belonging.

XXXIX.	And be it enacted,Thatevery Perfon orPerfons contracting with the faid Magiftrates and Council for the Supply of Water, fhall in every Water Butt, Ciftern, or Receptacle for Water, to be provided by the faid Parties fo contracting with the faid Magiftrates and Council, attach and fix a Ball Cock or other fel f-aCting Coi k to the Pipe conveying Water front the Pipes laid by the faid Magiftrates and Council, into fuch Butt, Ciftern, or other Receptacle, and to repair and renew the fame as often as fhall be neceflary, in order to prevent the Water running to wafte, when fuch Butt, Ciftern, or other Receptacle, fhall be full; and fuch Perfon or Perfons negleCting to attach and fix, or to repair and renew fuch Ball or felf-aCting Cock, fhall forfeit to the fa d Magiftrates and Council, a S' m r.ot exceeding Five Pounds for every Offence, and the authorifed Servant or Servants of the faid Magiftrates and Council, fhall have free Accefs (at all feafcnable Times) to the Premifes fo to be fupplied as aforelaid, to fee that fuch Call Cocks are kept in proper and fufficient Repair and Condition.

XL. And, in OTder toprefirvethe Water'tobe conveyed into the faid Burgh pure and wholefome ; be it ensfted, That no Perfon fhall bathe in any ot the faid Refervoirs or Bafons, or Wafli any Dogs or other Animals therein, or caft, throw, or put any Dog or Cat or othei Filth, Dirt, or any noifome or offenfive Thing, or wafh or clean any Cloth, or any Wool, Cotton, Linen, Leather, or any noifome or offenfive Thing, in any of the faid Refervoirs or Bafons, or fuffer the Water of any Sink, Sewer, or Drain to run or be conveyed into the fame, or into any of the faid Pipes, or caufe any other Annoyance to be done to the faid Water thereof, upon Pain ot forfeiting to the faid Magiftrates and Council, ior every fuch Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XLI. And be it further enafled, That ifany Perfon (hall wilfully or mail-cioully hinder or inlerrupt ihe Magiftrates and Council, or their Depuiies, Agents, Workmen, or Servants, or any of them, in doing and performing any of the Wotks, or in exercife of any of the Powers and Authorities by this Aft granted, or fhall in any wife caufe or procure

637

4&*GE0RGII III. Cap.+i.

the time to be done, every Perfon fo offending fliall, for every fuch Offence, forieit and pay to the Paid Magiftrates and Council, or to the proptr Perfon or Perfons by them auihorifed in that Behalf, any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds j and alio the full Amount of the Damage which fliall be fultained by fuch Hind ance or Interruption.

XL1I. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon fhall wilfully or t ensity for malicioufly break, throw down, damage or deltroy any Works to be ertft-	th*

edand made by virtue of this Aft. or any Matter or Thing which (hall be made, provided, ot procured for thePurpofes of this Aft or any of the Materials ufed or provided for the fame, every fuch Perfon fliall forfeit and pay to the Paid Magiftrates and Council, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, and alfo the full Amount of the Damage.

XL1II. And be it further enafted, That no Perfon (hall keep in any R;!!lli,t;on, Iloufe, Shop, CellaT, or Warehoufe, within the Paid Burgh, at anyoneTime, as Co Gun-more than Four Pounds Weight of Gunpowder, but (hall depofit all P wJcr Gun-powder exceeding the Quantity aforelaid, in a Magazine or Store-houfe at a convenient Diltanee from the faid Burgh, to be appointed by the faid Magillrates and Council, who are hereby authorized and empowered to build and maintain fuch Magazine or Store-houfe, and every Petfon having in his or her Cuftody more than Four Pounds Weight of Gunpowder as afortfaid, (hall pay to the faid Magillrates and Council a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, for every Pound of Gunpowder in his, her, or their Cuftody, beyond Four Pounds as aforefaid, befides forfeiting all fuch Gunpowder, and paying all Damages that may be occafioned thereby.

XLIV. And be it further enafted, That the aforefaid Quantity of Four Dthfr Rf Pounds Weight of Gunpowder (hall be depofited in a Place by itfelf, Utbns in ' feparate from all other Goods and Commodities, and fliall be fecured by rcg:,r‘i a Lock and Key, under a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, to be paid Gd"?ow tr-to the faid Magiftrates and Council, for each Offence: Provided always, that the Commanding Officer of any of His Majefty’s Troops quartered in the faid Burgh, may at all Times direft fuch a Quantity of Gunpowder as he may think neceflary for the Ule of the faid Troops, or other Military Purpofes, to be kept in fuch Place or Places within the faid Burgh as fliall be appointed by the faid Magiftrates and Council, who, upon his Application, (hall be obliged to appoint a proper Place for that Purpofe.

XLV. And be it further enafted, That it fliall and'may be lawful for the M ... faid Magiftrates and Council, from Time to Time to make, and afterwards	to

to alter, fuch Rules, Orders, and Regulations as they (hall think proper, n,a*'eRu,e!> tor the depofiting fuch Gunpowder in fuch Magazine as aforefaid, and Reg*i*‘t’i™,d for removing fuch Gunpowder therefrom ; and alfo for the due and rebtireto the proper Adminrftration and Management of the Police, and the Prefervation remora"** "d of the Peace within the faid Burgh, and to enforce the Performance of Gunpo»,i«r, fuch Rules, Orders and Regulations, by moderate Fines and Penalties, o{ldh,,h| Pol.'ce not exceeding the Amount in the fame Manner, and fubjeft to the fame ‘

[Lee. & Per.J	7	T	pro.

638

Maglftratt; authorized to acquire, and Bodies Pclate rmpcwcrcd to fell ami convey Lands.

Satisfaction to be made.

If Patties can. not agree. Price to be fettled by a

Jury*

48° GEORGII III. Gap.4.r.

Provifions, and Power of Appeal which are by this Act authorized and direded in the Cafe of Rules, Orders, and Regulations, made for the Prefervation of the faid Harbour.

XLVI. And be it enaded, That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Magiftrates and Council to acquire,and for all Bodies Politic Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Heirs of Entail, Hufbands, Guardians, Truflees, and Feoffees inTruft for charitable and other Pur-pofeSjCommittees, Tutors and Curators for Lunatics and furious Perfons, Executors and Adminiftrators, and all other Tutors and Curators, Truf-tees and Perfons whomfoever, not only for and on Behalf of thenifelves, their Heirs and Succeffors, but alfo for and on Behalf of their Ceftuique Trufis, or thofe for whom they are Truflees or Guardians, wheth r Infants, Iflqe unborn, Lunatics, Ideots, married Women, or other Perfon or Perfons, and to and for all married Women who are or fhall be feized, poffeffed of, or interefled in their own Right, or entitled to Terce, Fine, or other Intereft therein, and for every other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, who is, are, or fhall be feifed, pofTefled of, or interefled in any Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Heiitages which fhall be neceffary for any of the Purpofes of this Adi, to contrad for, fell, and convey the fame, and every Part thereof, unto the faid Magiftrates and Council, and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all other Perfons whomfoever are hereby authorized and required to convey the fame, and are hereby indemnified for what they fhall refpedively do in Relation to any fuch Saie, which he, flic, they, or any of them, fhall make by virtue and in purfuance of this Ad.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it enadled, That all and every Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Truflees or other Perfons herein before enabled to fell or convey Lands, Tenemen s, and other Heritages, or any other Owner or Owners, and the Occupier or Occupiers of any fuch Lands, Tenements, or other Heritages, may and fhall accept and receive Satisfadion for the Value of fuch Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Heritages, and for the Damages to be Curtained by making, completing, maintaining, and fupporting the faid Works herein-before direded, in fuch Manner as fhall be agreed upon by and between the faid Parties interefled refpedively, or any of them, and the faid Magiftrates and Council, or fome Perfon or Perfons authorized by them for that Purport: j and in cafe the faid Magiftrates and Council, or fuch Perfon or Perfons, and the faid Parties interefled in fuch Lands, Grounds, Tenements, Waters, or other Heritages, cannot agree as to the Amount or Value of fuch Satisfadion, the fame fhall be afeertained and fettled by the Verdid ot a Jury of Fifteen Perfons, to be fuinmoned and chofen by the Sheriff of the laid County of Invernefs, and which fuch Sheriff is hereby required to fummon and choofe in the Manner in which Juries are or may be fummoned and chofen by Sheriffs of Counties in Scotland, and the faid Bheriff may order and authorize the faid Jury, or any Five or more of them, to view the Place or Places, or Matter or Matters in Queftion, which Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as well as the Oaths to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall be called upon to give Evidence, the faid Sheriff

is

639



V*	t

4S°GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

is hereby required to adminifter) fhall enquire of, affefs, and afcertain the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid for tne Purchafe of fuch Lands, Tenements, or other Heritages, or the Recompence to be made for the Damages that fhall or may be fuitained as afortfaid, and fhall affefs feparate Damages for the fame, and the faid Sheriff (hall give Judgement for fuch Purchafe Monies or Recompence fo to be affeffed by fuch Jury ; which faid Verdift, and the Judgement thereupon pronounced as afore-faid, fhall be figned by the faid Sheriff, and fhall be binding and con-clufive to ail Intents and Purpofes, againft all Bodies Politic and Corporate, or Collegiate, and all other Perfons, and fhall not be liable to Review by Advocation, Sufpenfion, Reduction, or otherwife, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithflanding.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenfoevera Jury is or fhall be called by the Sheriff as aforefaid, or any Witnefs or Witneffes is, are, or fhall be examined by and before the faid Sheriff and Jury as herein dire&ed, the faid Sheriff fhall, and he is hereby required, according to his Difcretion, to give and award to each of the laid Jurors and Witneffes, in every fuch Cafe, fuch feveral and refpe&ive Sum and Sums of Money, as fhall be a reafonable Recompence for the Expence and Trouble of their Journey and Attendance, and in each and every Cafe where a Verditt fhall be given for more Money, as a Recompence or Satisfadlion for the abfolute Sale of any Lands, Grounds, Waters, Tenements, or other Heritages, of any Perfon or Perfons whomsoever, or as a Compenfation for any Damage done or to be done, to fuch Lands, Tenements, or other Heritages, or other Property, where fuch Sum fo awarded (hall be more than had been previoully offered by or on Behalf of the faid Magiftrates and Council, or where any VerdiQ fhall be found for any Damages, where the Difpute is for Damages only, and where no Compenfation had been previoully offered or tendered in refpedt thereof, by and on Behalf of the laid Magiftrates and Council, or where, by reafon of Abfence in Foreign Countries, or other Impediments and Difability as aforefaid, there (hall not be found any Perfon or Perfons at hand who may be legally capacitated to enter into a Contract with, and make Conveyances to, and receive Com-penfation from the faid Magiftrates and Council, as herein-before mentioned, then and in all fuch Cafes, all the Expences of fummoning fuch Jury, and taking fuch Verditt, fhall be fettled by the faid Sheriff, and be defrayed by the faid Magiftrates and(CounciI; but if any Verdift fhall be given for the Sum that had been previoully offered by or on Behalf of the laid Magiftrates and Council, or for a lefs Sum than had been fo previoully offered, or in cafe no Damages fhall be given by the Verdidt where the Difpute is for Damages only, or in cafe of fuch Refufal to enter into Treaty with, or make Conveyances to, or receive Compenfations from thefaid Magiftrates and Council, by any Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate or by any Perfon or Perfons whomfeever, who is or are by the Provifions of this Aft, or otherwife, enabled to treat and convey, or receive fuch Compenfations as aforefaid, then, and in all fuch Cafes (except where by reafon of Abfence or otherwife, any Perfon fhall have been prevented from treating and agreeing as aforefaid), the Cofts and Expences of fummoning fuch Jury, and taking fuch Verdift, fhall be fettled in like Manner by the faid

Sheriff,

Exoerces of Witneffes and Jury by whom to be paid.

640	~	48°GERC;iI	III.	Cap. 41.

Sheriff, and be borne and paid by the Perfon or Perfons wich whom the faid Magiflrates and Council, or thofe afting in their Behalf, (hall have fuch Concerns, Controverfies, or Difputes, which faid Colts and Expences having been fo fettled, {hall and may be deducted out of the Money fo afl'effed and adjudged, as fo much Money advanced to and for the Ufe of fuch Perfon or Perfons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of fuch Sum or Sums of Money lhail be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purpofes, to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums fo affeffeJ and adjudged.

Pe Com re- XL1X. And be it further enafted, That all and every Perfon or Perfons ?o enter i”oA making Complaint, and requelling a Jury to befummoned, lhail (before Bonds’o piv- the faid Sheriff (hall iffue out his Warrant for that Purpofe) enter into a •frcute. Bond, with Two Sureties, to the faid Magiflrates and Council, in a Penalty of Double the Sum demanded by fuch Perlon or Perlons, with Condition to profecute his, her, ot their laid Complaint, and to bear and pay the Colls and Expences of fummoning fuch Jury, and taking loch Verdift, in cafe the fame (hall be given for no greater Sum, or for a iefs Sum than had been offered by and on Behalf of the faid Magiltrates and Council, for the Purclvafe of or as a Recompence for any Lands, Grounds, Tenements, Waters, or Heritages, or as a Compeufation for any Damages; or in cafe no Verdict (hall be found for Damages, where the whole Difpute was whether any Damage was or was not done as aforefaid.

No*,c'tjbe"' L. And be it further enabled, That no Sheriff (hall be obliged or al-gK-en to the lowed, by virtue of this Aft, to receive or take Notice of any Complaint uBc ratf*l or Complaints to be made by any Perlon or Perfons whomfoever for any before com- Injury or Damage by him, her, or them fultained, or fuppofed to be fuf-plair.t made «o tained, by virtue or in confequence of this Aft, unit's Application lhail the sheriff. j,avc jjCen maje jn relation thereto by or on Behalf of fuch Perfon or Perfons to the faid Magiftratis and Council, Ten Day's at the lead before fuch Complaint lhail be made to the faid Sheriff within the Space of Two Calendar Months next after the Time that fuch fuppofed Injury or Damage (hall have been fultained, or the doing or committing thereof (hall have teafed.

ventift as to LI. And be it further enafted, That the faid Juries refpeftively lhail Value of award all Determinations, Judgement', and Verdifts which they lhail Damages?to refpeftiv.ly make and give in the Execution of the Powers hereby veiled be afcertaintd ;n them concerning the Value ol Lands, Tenements and other Heritages fepaiately. feparately and diftinftly from the Confideration of any other Damage fultained or to be lultained by anyPeifon or Perfons in confequence of the Execution of any of the Powers of this Aft, and lhail diltinguifh the Value fet upon the Lands, Tenements, and other Heritages, and the Money affeffed or adjudged for fuch Damages as aforefaid feparately and apart from each other.

Verdift to be L1I. And be it further enafted, That each and every Verdift lhail be worded. Wt by the Sheriff Clerk, or other Perfon having the Cultody of

the

641

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

the Records of the Sheriff Court of the County of Invernefs, and the fame, or true Copies theieof, fh.il! be allowed to be pood Evidence in all Courts whatfoever, and all Perfons (hall have Liberty to in-fpeft the fame, paying for fuch Infpeftion the Sum of Sixpence, and to have Copies thereof, paying for every Copy the Sum of Sixpence for every One hundred Words, and lo in Proportion for a lefs Number of Words.

LIII. And be it further enafted, That if any Money (hall be agreed or ^^umpenra-awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, purchafed, ,ion Money taken, or uled by virtue of the Powers of this Aft, for the Purpofes »h,^**c':ed' thereof, which are held under Entail, or are fubjeft to Life Rents, An- ',1°' nuities, or other Incumbrances, or fliall belong to any Corporation, married Woman, Infant, Lunatic, or Perfon or Perfons under any Disability or Incapacity, fuch Money fliall, in cafe the fame fhall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, under the Direftion and by the Auihority of the Court of Seflion, be with all convenient Speed paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, o the Intent that fuch Money fhall be applied under the Direftion and with the Approbation of the laid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, or Heritages in thePurchafe or Redemption of theLandTax, or Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrance or Part thereof as the faid Court fliall authorize to be paid, affefting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or affefting other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages /landing fettled therewith, to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents, or Purpofes, or where fuch Money fliall not be fo applied, then the fame fliall be laid out and inverted under the like Direftion and Approbation of the faid Courr, in the Purchafe of other Mertuages, Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, which fhall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trufts, Intents, ar.d Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Mertuages, Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, which fhall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid, rtood fettled or limited, or fuch ot them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement fhall be exifling undetermined and capable of taking Effeft ; and in the mean Time, and until fuch Purchafe fhall be made, the Intereft or annual Produce of fuch Money fhall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the faid Court to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages, fc hereby direfted to be purchafed, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

L.IV. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if any Money fo if under 2oo). agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages and lbov« *o1-purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfon under Difability or Incapacity as aforefaid, fhall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and fhall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the lime being entitled to the Rents [Loc. fcf Per.']	7 Z	and

Hi	4&° GEORGII III. Gap.^i*

and Profits of the Heritages fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Tutors or Curators in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpeftive Hands, under the like Direction and Authority, to be paid into either of the faid Banks, and be placed to his, her, or their Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before direfted, or otherwife the fame lhall be paid at the like Option to Five Truftees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfon* making fuch Option, and approved of by Three or more of the faid Magiltrates and Council, (fu-h Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that fuch principal Money, and the Intereft arifing thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before direfted, as far as the Cafe be applicable,

wh«rt under LV. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That where fuch Money fo

joi. * agreed or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned, lhall be lefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame lhall be applied to the Ule of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Heritages fo purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes of this Act, in fuch Manner as the faid Magiftrates and Council, or any Three or more of them, lhall think fit, or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Tu ors or Curators, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpectively.

In cafe of not making out Title*; or it Perfon* cannot be found, Purchase Money tobe paid into the Bank,

LVI. And be it further enafted, That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money lhall be awarded for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be purchafed by virtue of this Aft, (hall refufe to accept the fame, or lhall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes to the Satisfaftion of the faid Magiftrates and Council, or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money lhall be fo awarded as aforefaid cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Heritages be not known or difcoversd, then and in every fuch Cafe it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Magiftrates and Council to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded as aforefaid, to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the laid Lands, Tenements, or Heritages (defctibing them), fubjeft to the Order, Controul, and Difpofition of the Court of Selfion ; which faid Court, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Petition, lhall be and is hereby empowered, in a fummary Way of Proceeding, or otherwife, as to the fame Court lhall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and in veiled in the public Funds, and to order Dillribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpeftive Eftate or Eftates, 1 itle or Intereft of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court lhall feem juft and reafonable, and the Cafhier or Calhiers of the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, who lhall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts z	for

48dGEORGII Hi. C*p4i.

for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as afore-* faid.

LVII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That where any Ouedion fhall arife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, under the Direction and by the Authority of the Court of Seffion, in purfuance of this Ad, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or any Eftate, Right, or Interefl in any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages to be puichafed with any fuch Money, or to the Rents or Profits thereof, the Perfon or Perfons who fhall have been in Pofieffion of fuch Lands, Tefte-ments, or Heritages at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfon3, (hall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, according to fuch Pofieffion, until the contrary fhall be fhewn to the Satisfaftion ot the faid Court, and the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages fo purchafed fhall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlels it fh»ll be made appear to the faid Court, that fuch Poffef-fion was a wrongful Pofieffion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or to fome Eftate or Interefl therein.

LVIII. Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That where, by reafon Expence? of of any Difabdity or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation entitled toany Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be purchafed under iheCouit. the Authority of this Ad, the Purchafe Money for the fame fhall be required to be paid into the faid Banks or either of thrm, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be fettled to the like Ufes in purfuance of this Aft, it fhall be lawful for the faid Court to order the Expences of all Purchafes from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of this Aft, of fo much of fuch Expence* as the Court fhall deem reafonable to be paid by the faid Magiflrates and Council, who fhall from Time to Time pay fuch Sum or Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court Brail direft.

LIX. Provided alfo, and be it enafted, That upon Payment or legal powtr t0 en. Tender of fuch Sum or Sums of Money as fhall have been contracted tersndta<e or agreed for between the Parties, or as fhall have been afeertained and fettled by the Verdift of a Jury, for the Purchafe of any fuch Lands, on Payment Springs, Tenements, or other Heritages, or as a Recompence for the °rf p'rrc*'lc yearly Produce or Profits thereof, or as a Compenfation for Damages as Money, herein mentioned to the Proprietor of* Proprietors of fuch Lands, Springs,

Tenements, or other Heritages, or to fuch other Perfon or Perlons as Hull be interefled therein, or entitled to receive fuch Money or Compenfation refpeftively at any Time after the fame fhall have been fo agreed for or offered ; or if the Perfon or Perfons fo entitled or interefied, or any of them, cannot be found, or fhall refufe to receive the fame, then and in

all

645

In Cafes of queflionable Title, Poflef-for to he deemed fo have a Title until the contrary dial! be (hewn-

Afleffir.ent to be levied and applied for the bringing in of Wat*r, and building ; powder Magazine.

Monev may He borr wed on the C' edit of the Afleff-

ment j

To be paid offb, Means of a Sinking Fund.

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 41.

all or any of the faid Cafes, it lhall and may be lawful to and for thfe faid Magiftrates and Council, and their Agents, Workmen, and Setvants, immediately to enter upon fuch Lands, Grounds, Tenements, Waters, and other Heritages refpeftively, (or before fuch Payment or Tender, by Leave of the Owners or Occupiers thereof, fignified in Writing, but not otherwife), and then and thereupon fuch Lauds and Grounds, Springs, Tenements, and other Heritages, together with the yearly Profits thereof, and all the Eltates, Ufe, Truft, and Intereft of any Perfon or Perfons therein, fhall from thenceforth be veiled in and become the foie Property of the faid Magiftrates and Council, to and for the Purpofes of this Aft for ever; and which Tender, Payment, Inveflment, or Depofit, fhall not only bar all Right, Title, Claim, Intereft, and Demand of the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame fhall or ought to have been made, but alfo fhall extend to and be deemed and conftrued to bar the Right, Title, Claim, Intereft, and Demand of every other Perfon whatfoever : Provided alfo, that before fuch Payment, Security, Tender, Inveftinent, or Depofit as aforefaid, it fhall not be lawful for the faid Magiftrates and Council, or any Perfon afting under their Authority, to dig or cut the Lands or Grounds, or to take down, remove, or otherwile affeft any Tenement or other Heritage of the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Payment or Security for the Purpofes of this Aft, without the Leave and Confent in Writing of fuch Perfon or Perfons refpeftively.

LX. And, in order to defray the Expence attending the Execution of this Aft. in the bringing in of Water to the faid Burgh, and the ereft-ing of the faid Powder Magazine as aforefaid ; be it enafted. That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Magiftrates and Council to levy from each and every Occupier of a Hotife, Tenement, or other Building, Grounds, or other Heritage, as well within the hereby newly extended as the antienc Royalty of the faid Burgh, a yearly Afleffment, not exceeding the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound, of the aftual yearly Rent payable by fuch Occupier, which Affeffments fhall be levied by the Colleftor of the Cefs within the faid Burgh, and paid by every fuch Occupier in the fame Manner, and at the fame Time, as the Cefs of the faid Burgh is levied and paid, which Afleffment fhall be applied towards the bringing in of Water to the faid Burgh, and building the faid Powder Magazine, and other Expences attending the fame, and to no other Ufe or Purpole whatfoever.

LXI. And be it enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Magiftrates and Council to borrow Money upon the Credit of the faid Afleffment, and to affign the faid Afleffment in Security of the Money fo borrowed, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Five thoufand Pounds Sterling.

LXII. Provided always, and be it enafted. That a Sum at leafl equal to One Half of the Amount of the Intereft of the Money fo to be borrowed, fhall be fet apart yearly and every Year as a Sinking Fund, to pay off the Principal; and fuch Sum fo to be fet apart every Year, (hall be lodged with the Bank of Scotland, or the Britijh Linen Company, at

48' GEORGII III. Cap.41.	645

their refpe&ive Offices iu Invernefs, upon a Note or Notes payable to the faid Magistrates and Council, bearing the higheft Intereft allowed by fuch^feank' for Money lodged with them, and to be renewed from Time to Time,' fc that the Intereft may be added to the Principal, and bear fuch Intereft therewith, until a Fund fhall be railed fufficient to pay off the Money fo borrowed, which it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Magiftrares to pay off from Time to Time, as they may be enabled fo to do, by means ot the faid Sinking Fund.

LXIII. And be it further enafted, That it fhall be lawful for the faid Affluent for Magiftrates and Town Council, and they ate hereby authorifed and em- l.!£ht,"Sth8 powered to levy from the Inhabitants, as well within the hereby new extended as the ancient Royalty of the faid Burgh, a yearly Affeffment, not exceeding the Sum of Two hundred Pounds Sterling, to be by them applied towards lighting the Streets of the antient and extended Royalty of the faid Burgh, and to no other Purpofe whatfoever ; and which Sum fo to be levied fhall be laid on in the fame Manner, and levied by the fame Means, as the Cefs or Stent of the faid Burgh is in ufe to be laid on and levied : Provided always, Thatdiltinft and feparate Accounts fhall be Accounts to kept of each of the faid Affeffments, and of the Application thereof to the be kept’ Purpofes to which each Affeffment is hereby directed to be applied ; which Accounts fhall at all reafonable Times be open to the Infpeftion of any Perfon or Perfons fubjeft to the Payment thereof, paying the Sum of Sixpence for each Infpeftion, to whom Extrafts or Copies of all or any Part of either of the faid Accounts fhall be furnifhed when required, at an Expence not exceeding Sixpence for each One hundred Words of fuch Extiaft or Copy.

LXIV. Provided alfoj and be it enacted, Thatjfuch and the like Applica* Alcertainwg tion may be made to the faid Court of Selfiort, or to the faid Court of Ex- ‘[)e Amount chequer, by any Three of fuch Perfons, in fuch and the like Manner, °* Allc“mcilts-and fuch and the like Procedure lhall take place for afeertaining the Amount of each or either of the faid Affeffments, and the due Application thereof; and the fame may be lowered and again railed, in the Manner herein-before direfted, in the Cafe of any Application to the faid Courts refpectively, relating to the faid Pontage.

EXV. And be it enafted, That all Damages, Fines, Penalties, and Recovery of Forfeitures, fuftained or incurred under this Aft, fhall and may be ftnaiiies, and fued for and recovered, in fuch and the fame Manner as any Debt Adtlon! 0'' °* may be fued for and recovered in Scotland: Provided always, that fuch Damages, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, lhall be fued for within Six Months after the fame lhall have been refpeftively fuftained or incurred.

LXVI. And be it enafted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures reco- a opt orton of vered under the Authority of this Aft, fhall feverally be applied towards Penalti««-defraying the Expence attending the Execution thereof in the feveral Matters and Things, touching which fuch Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures lhall have been incurred.

[Lee. £tf Per.]	8	A

LXVII. And

64 6

Exprnces of Ike AS.

Publii Aft.

48° GEORGII III. Cap.41.

LXVII. And be it enafted, That the Charges and Ex-pences attending the Execution of this Adt, fhall be defrayed in equal Proportions, out of the Monies arifing from the Pontage of the faid Bridge, over the River Nefs, the Rates and Duties of the faid Harbour, and the faid Affeflinent.

LXVIII. And be it enafted, That this Aft fhall be deemed and taken to be a Public Aft, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch, by all Judges, Jultices, and others without being fpecially pleaded.

SCHEDULES

48° GEORG 11 IIL -Cap^U

6 47

SCHEDULES to which this Ad refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Street between Grey Friars and the Maggot.

PROPRIETORS.

Catharine Frafer Mackintofh, Jamefon, and Co. Francis Frafer Alexander Frafer, Minifter

OCCUPIERS.

Andrew Munro James M‘DonaId William Ferrier Alexander M‘Leay William Munro John M‘Pherfon Nelly Jack, alias Gilmour George Urquhart Marjory M'Conochie John M'Culloch David Mackintosh George M‘Kenzie Colin Forfyth John Stephen Donald Kennedy Ifabel M‘Rae, alias Widow Robert fon Margaret Junor, alias Cameron Alexander Young

SCHEDULE (B.)

Communication from the Street,

PROPRIETORS.

James Blair Alexander Frafer Major William Campbell James Murray

New Street to Church See.

OCCUPIERS.

John M'Arthur John Frafer Roderick Williamfon Duncan Geddes James Robertfon Farquhar M‘Tavifli Lockhart Kinloch.

Alexander Davidfon Duncan Grant John Chilholm John Cameron Donald Frafer John Cameron,

and------Sinclairs

Mary Mc Phail

648

48* GEORGII III. Cap.41

SCHEDULE (C.)

Improvement of Church Street.

PROPRIETORS.

William Geddes Alexander Jenkins

OCCUPIERS.

Alexander M'Gillivray Charles Forbes John Stewart Smith and Taylor

SCHEDULE (D.) Improvement of Bridge Street, &c.

PROPRIETORS.

OCCUPIERS.

William Grant William Tolmie

Simon M‘Lean

Marjory Tolmie

Roderick Noble

William M‘Beth

William Cameron

Alexander Suter

Duncan Shaw, Taylor

Finlay M'Gillivray

Duncan Cameron

Amelia Munro, alias Mathefon

SCHEDULE (E.)

New Street, behind Eaft Street, Sec

PROPRIETORS.

Simon Frafer Simon Jack John M‘Arthur Donald M'Phail John Anderfon Donald M‘Kenzie William M‘Kay, deceafed Alexander Fral'er, decealed Col. Baillie of Leys

OCCUPIERS.

Donald M‘Guirman Campbell Mackintolh George Urquhart Alexander M'Kenzie Alexander Mackintolh Andrew Kemp Donald M‘Phail Evan M‘Kenzie

4#‘GEORGil III. Cap.ii.

SCHEDULE (F.J Rates to be Levied.

The following Goods, not paying according to the Barrel Bulk, to be charged any Sum not exceeding the Rates annexed thereto refpec-tively, viz.

649

Scotch Coal per Ton

Englilh ditto per Chalder of 12 Bar.

Lime in Shells per ditto	-

Ditto flacked per ditto	...

Meal per Boll of 9 Stone

Malt per Boll	-	-

Grain of every Kind per Boll

Salt foreign and native per Chalder

Bark per Cwt.	.

Tyles per 1000	-	.	-

Bricks per ditto <	-	-	-

Slates per ditto	-	-	-

Stones for building per Ton

Ox, Cow, and Hoife Hides in the Hair, wet or dry, each

Potatoes per Boll	...

Peats per Cart exported or imported

Sheep Skins in the Hair,	i	-r»	.	,	f

Hare, Kid, and Lamb in ditto. £P" Dozen exported or

Goat and other Skins in ditto, J mipor e	|

Wool per ftone of 241b. avoirdupois exported or imported

Pipe Staves per 100 of fix Score

Hogfhead ditto per ditto of ditto

Barrel ditto per ditto of ditto	...

Birch and Fir Rails per Doz. exported or imported -

Butter per Stone of 24lbs. Avoirdupois

Cheefe per Stone of ditto	-	-

Grey Filh each Creel	-	5 <5 1

Herrings each Creel -	-	14; j

Large fTefh Cod and Scate per Dozen

Large dried ditto Ling and Scate per Dozen

Small dried Filh per Grofs	-	-

Onions per Peck



d.

3

4 44 2

------8

------6

------3

------6

------oi

1

c4

4

oi

-----c4

2 Filh 4 Herrings



All other Goods imported to pay according to the Barrel Built, and at the Rate of any Sum not exceeding Three Halfpence per Barrel.

[Lee. G? Per.]

8JS

All

65o

48® GEORG 11 III.	Cap. 41.

All Goods exported ^except where otherwife provided for) to pay One Half the Kates payable on Importation.

Perfons importing or exporting Goods, not being Freemen of the Burgh of Invernefs, to pay Double the above Rates;

All Articles upon which the above Rates have been feverally paid when imported, may be exported without paying any further Rate under this Aft ; provided the fame fhall be exported in the fame Pack ages in which they were imported, without Bulk being broken .

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strauav. Printers to the King’s mod Excellent Majefty. 1808.

GEORG 11 III. REGIS.







Cap. 42.

An Aft for regulating the Police of the Barony of Gor-bals, in the County of Lanerk\ paving, cleaning, and lighting the Streets and Pailages thereof; erefting a Bridewell or Workhoufe therein ; and for other Purpofes relating thereto. [27th May 1808.]

m

THERE AS from the great Increafe of Inhabitants within the ■ Barony of Gorbals, in the County of Lanerk, and from its

Vicinity to Glajgow, it has become neceffary to provide for a regular Adminiftration of internal Government within the laid Barony : And whereas it would tend much to the Comfort and Convenience of the Inhabitants therein, were proper Regulations eltablilhed for apprehending and punilhing disorderly Perfons, fuppreffing of common Beggars, removing Nuifances; paving, cleaning, and lighting the Streets and Paf-fages; and in general, for the Prefervation of Peace and good Order within the laid Barony: And whereas the Erection of a Bridewell or Workhoufe within the faid Barony, for confining and punilhing Offenders, may tend to the Suppreffion of early Vice and Immoralities; but as the feveral Pur-poles atorefaid cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament j \_Loc. Err.]	8	C	‘	May

654

4S9 GEORG 11 III. Cap. 4*.

Foot Pavements to be made.

May it therefore pleafe Your Majefly, that it may be cnafted , and be it enafted by the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, Jq. this prefent Parliament alfembled, and by the Authority of Afl toextend the farpe, That the Regulations herein-after made with refpeft' to the ovcrt,’e Eftabliftijnpnt of a General Syitem of Police, and for accompliihing »ot ironv. p,ut‘p0fes nf this prefent Aft, (hall extend over the old Village of Gorbals, Hutchefonto-wn, Lawriefiewn, Tradeftawn, and Kingfown, being Parts of the Barony aforefaid, and in general over the Whole and every Part of the faid Barony, and alfo to the Bridges leading from the faid City of Glafgow to the faid Barony.

II.	And be it enacted, That the Owners and Proprietors of all Houfes and Buildings, or of Gardens or Grounds adjoining to and fronting any Street, Square, or public Place, already formed, or to be formed, within the faid Barony, fhall, at his, her, or their Expence, caufe the Ground before their Properties refpeftively, where Houfes or other Buildings are erefted on the Sides of the faid Streets, Squares, or other public or principal Places, . to be brought to a proper Leygl fo as to carry off the Water, and to be well and fufficiently paved with flat hewn Stone, of fuch Breadth, and in fuch Manner and Form as the Commifiiontrs appointed in Manner herein-after mentioned (after vifiting the Grounds and hearing the Parties) (hall direft and appoint, the Foot Pavement in the fame Street or Square bu.g always of one Breadth; and the Breadth of the faid Foot Pavement not to exceed Ten Feet in Streets of Sixty Feet wide and upwards, Eight Feet in Streets from Fifty to Sixty Feet wide. Seven Feet in Streets from Forty to Fifty Feet wide, Five Feet in Streets from Thirty to Forty Feet wide; Four Feet in Streets from Twenty to Thirty Feet wide; and in Streets Iefs than Twenty Feet wide, the Pavements fhall be laid in fuch Form, and of fuch Width, as the laid Commiffioners may think proper to order and appoint: Provided always, that where the Owners or Proprietors are bound by their Title Deeds to make Pavements of a certain Breadth, fuch Title Deeds fhall regulate the Commiffioners in fixing the Breadth of Pavements in thefe particular Streets; and that it fhall be in the Option of the Owners or Proprietors of fuch Gardens or Grounds within the faid Barony, on which no Buildings are erefted, either to make the Foot Pavements in Manner aforefaid, or to pave oppofite their Properties with Whin Stones, leaving a fuffioient Crib Free Stone, until the lame fhall be built upon, but no longer ; and in Cafes where the Ground unbuilt upon may amount to or exceed One hundred Feet in Length, it fhall be optional to the Owners or Proprietors to make the faid Foot Paths of Gravel, having a fufficient Crib or Border Stone ; and that fuch Parts of Foot Paths as are oppofite to Wynds, Lanes, and Carts or Carriage Entries, may alfo, in the Option of the Proprietors, be paved with Whin Stones.

In cafe Proprietors refute,the Baillies tray order Foot Pavements to be made.

III.	And be it enafted, That in cafe any fuch Owner or Proprietor fhall refufe or negleft to caufe fuch Ground to be paved in Manner aforefaid, within fuch Time as he, fhe, or they fhall be required fo to do by the faid Commiffioners, it fhall and may be lawful to any One or more of the Baillies of the Court of Barony and Judiciary of the Barony of Gorki is, to

caufe

655

48a GEORGII III. Cap, 42.

c?lufe .the fame to be done at the Expence of -Arch Owner or Proprietor; and in cafe any fir-h Owner or Proprietor (hall rcfufe or negleft, when required,, to pay the Expence of the faiilFoot Pavements, it fhall and may be lawful to any One or more of the faid Baillies, to decern fuch Expence, together with the Charges of recovering the fame, to be paid by fuch Owner or Proprietor, either to the Tradefrncn doing the Work, or to any Per fan authorized to receive the fame in Manner heiein-after mentioned : Provided always, that in every Cafe where fuch Owner or Proprietor (hall be unable to pay the Expence of making the faid Foot Pavements in one Sum, the "faid Baillies may decern the-fame to be paid by fuch Inflalments, and at fuch Periods, as to them fhall l'eem proper.

IV.	And be it erased. That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Font Pave-Baillies, or any One of them, after the faid Foot Pavements or Paths are howt* made by virtue of this Aft, to ordain.them to be kept in proper Repair, ke k*?t m and fpr any One or mpre of the faid Baillies, upon Complaint being made

to h'pn or them by the faid Commiflioners", to give Decrees for the Charges and Expence of repairing, relaying, and maintaining the fame, together with the Expences of Recovery, agair.lt the Owners or Proprietors of Houles. Buildings, Gardens, and Grounds, iq the fame Maimer as they arc herein-before empowered to decern for the Fxpcnce of making the faid Foot Pavements,

V.	And be it enafted. That when Houfes, Grounds, or Buildings, jj0w Fx-belong to mere Proprietors than one, the leveral Proprietors fhall be pmces thereof bound to caufe the Ground before their refpeftive Properties to he paved, i?be aPFor-and the Pavement to be kept in Repair in Manner aferefaid, the Expence ll0ntd-being defrayed by fuch Proprietors, in Proportion to the Rents of the rcrpeftive Parts of the Premifes belonging to each of them, according as the

fame fhall at theTime fland rated in the Rent Roll herein-after mentioned; and hr cafe any Difpute or Difference fhall nrife, among the feveral Proprietors of the lame Houfe or Building, relative to their Proportions of the faid Expence, it fhall and may be lawful for any one of the faid Baillies, to fix and afcertain the fame according to the Rate of fuch Rents in the faid Roll; and in cafe of any Difference between the faid CommifTioners and the Proprietors of the Premifes, either with tefpeft to making or keeping in Repair fuch Foot Pavements, or as to the Expence of the fame, it fhall and may be lawful to the laid Baillies, or any one of them, on a Complaint to be made to him or them, (after vifiting the Premifes, and hearing Parties concerned,) to determine any fuch Difference, which Determination fhall be final and binding on all Parties.

VI.	And be it enafted. That the Tenants or Occupiers of the Houfes Expence, or other Buildings belonging to fuch Owners and Proprietors, in Default of wl’en PaiJ the Proprietors paying fuch Fxpencc, and in cafe fuch Tenants or Occupiers be'^uded fhall pay the Expences aforefaid (which they are hereby authorized and re- frorntheir' quired to do to the Amount of the Rents payable by them refpeftively,) Renu. fhall be at Liberty, and they are hereby empowered to deduft and retain

out pf his, her, or their Rents, fuch Sums of Morey as they fhall re-fpeftiyely pay cn account of the laid Pavements, for their refpeftive Landlords, Owners, or Proprietors, who are hereby required to admit of fuch Deductions, any Leafe or Contraft to the contrary notwithllanding.

4

VII. And

656

Streets to be paved.

Hetetors to fciufewav ill Terms of their Title Deeds.

Foot Pave, roots to be fivept and cleaned.

48* GEORGII III. Cap 42.

VII.	And be it enafted, That it flia.ll be lawful for, and in the Power of the faid Commiflioners, to direft and caufc to be paved or caufewayed and kept in repair, fuch Parts of the public Streets, Roads, Lanes, and railages within the Laid Barony (other than the Roads falling under the Manage* n ent and Dircftion of Truftees under the Turnpike Ads), as may be tie-ceffary for the general Convenience of the Inhabitants of the faid Barony ; and which the Owners or Proprietors of the adjoining Houfes or Buildings, Gardens or Grounds, are not required or obliged to pave or cauleway and keep in repair, by the Terms of their I itle. Deeds, or by any of the Proviftons of this Aft.

VIII.	And be it enacted, That the Owners or Proprietors of Grounds in the faid Barony, who may or fhall have failed to caufeway the Streets therein, or any Part of the faid Streets, in Terms of the Obligations exprefled in their Title Deeds, fhall be obliged to caufewa'y the faid Streets oppofite to their refpeftive Properties within Six Calendar Months after being required to do fo by the faid Commiflioners; and in the Event of fuch Owners or Proprietors refufing or dclaying after Expiry of that Period, to caufeway the faid Streets or Parts of Streets, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Baillies or any otic of them, (after having vifited and infpefted the Grounds) to ordain the fame to be done at the Expence of the faid Owners or Proprietors, and to illue Decrees againft fuch Owners or Proprietors for the faid Expence.

IX.	And be it enafted. That from and after the palling of this Aft, all and every Perfon or Pcrfons who (hall poflefs the Shops, or (where there are no Shops) the Ground Floor or Story of any Dwelling Houfe or other Building, adjoining to and fronting the Foot Pavements within the faid Barony, fhall caufe the fame, along the Front of his, her, or their refpeftive Shops, Dwelling Houfes, or other Buildings, to be fwept, feraped, and cleaned once every lawful Day, between the Hours of Fight and Ten in the Morning, and if they fail fo to do, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Baillies, or any One of them, to decern in a fummary Manner fuch Occupier or Occupiers to pay a Sum not cxceeeding One Shilling Sterling for each Olfence, to be levied and applied in Manner liorein-after direfted ; and in cafe any Difpute fhall arife amongft the Occupiers of Shops, Dwelling Houfes, or Buildings adjoining the faid Foot Pavements, as to cleanfing, fweeping, and feraping the fame, it fliall and may be lawful for the faid Baillies, or any one of them, to deteimine fuch Difpute; and when the Occupiers ot Shops, or Ground Floors or Stories of Dwelling Houfes, fwcep, ferape, and clean the Foot Pavements in Manner aforefaid, they fhall have Relief againft the Inhabitants of the upper Floors or Stories for a Proportion of the Expence, correfponding to the Valuation of their refpeftive Pof-feflions as rated in the faid Rent Roll ; which Proportion fhall, in cafe of Difpute, be determined and decerned for by the Baillies, or any oiie of them : Provided always, that in cafe it may appear expedient to the faid Commiflioners to take the Charge of fweeping and cleaning the faid Pavements, it fliall and may be lawful for them to employ the Public Scavengers to fwcep and clean the faid Pavements, and to defray the Ex-pence thereof out of the Funds raifed by virtue of this Aft.

X And

* 4B*GEORGII III. Cap. 42.	657

X.	And be it enadted, That, from and after the pafling of this Act, Clofes to be the whole Clofes, Lanes, or Thoroughfares, within the faid Barony, p“"^rys which are not cleaned and fwept by Scavengers appointed under the lupra °‘s' Authority,of this Act, (hall be kept clean and clear of all Dung, Filth,

or RubWin, it the F.xperice of the feveral Proprietors thereof, or of the Houfes anil Buildings tfieieirt, who fhall caufe the fame to be fwept and cleaned, out at leaf! Twice each Week; and in cafe fuch Clofes,

Lanes, or Thoroughfares, lhall not be fo fwept and cleaned, fuch Pro-prietors /hall. fevCrally forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings Sterling for each Offence, to be levied and applied in Manner herein-after directed.

XI.	And be it further enafted. That where the faid Clofes, Lanes, or The whole Thoroughfares, or Hotifes and Buildings therein, belong to more Proprie- Proprietors ,, tors than one, the feveral Proprietors thereof lhall be obliged to defray “n_T'^utc the Expence of fweeping and cleaning the faid Clofes, Lanes, or Thorough- l[ie u0fes. fares, in Proportion to the Value of their refpe&ive Properties ; and in cafe

any Dilpute or Difference fhall occur among fuch Proprietors relative to

their Proportion of the faid Expence, it fhall and may be lawful to the

faid BailLtes, or any One of them, after hearing the Parties concerned, by

a Decree, to be pronounced by him or them, to determine the Amount

and Proportion to be paid by each Proprietor, and to decern for the fame

in a fummary Manner; which Determination fhall be final and binding

upon the Parties : Provided always, that when any One or more of fuch Provifo as to

Proprietors are, by their Title Deeds, or otherv ife, burthened with the t,,oPc wl'° are

Expence of fweeping and cleaning the faid Clofes, Lanes, or Thorough- th*ir Title

fares, he, fire, or they, fhall ftill continue to be fubjed to that Burthen. Deeds to

: ;	mil f,;! f,n clean Clofes.

XII.	And be it enadcd,That it fhall and may be lawful for tbefaid Cammif- Power to fioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to ceritrad with and emP,oy Sca-employ Scavengers or otherPerfons to cleanfe and fweep theStreets, Squares, venEer* and other public Places within the Barony, ("except the Foot Pavements,

in cafe it {hall not appear expedient to the faid Commiffioners to employ the public Scavengers to fweep and clean the faid Foot Pavements as herein-before provided), and alfo thofe Parts of the faid Foot-paths which are made with Whin Stones, and immediately to order all Soil, Dirt, Afhes, and Filth to be removed therefrom, and to colled the fame into Heaps, and afterwards to carry the fame to fuch Place or Places as the faid Commiffioners lhall appoint, and to fell and difpofe of fuch Soil, Dirt, Afhes, and Filth to fuch Perfon or Perfons as may be defirous to purchafe the lame; the Money thence arifing being always applied towards the Purpofes of this Act : Provided always, that the Expence of employing the faid Scavengers or other Perfons, (hall be defrayed from the Funds to be levied in Manner herein-after directed.

XIII.	And be it ena&ed, That all and'every Perfon and Perfons who fhall Dung t0 be lay or caufe to be laid on any of the Streets or Public Ways within the faid removed from Barony, any Dung, for the Purpofe of carrying the fame to adjacent ll‘e StreeU-Grounds, fhall remove and take the fame away before Twelve of the Clock

ol the. Day, on which it fhall be fo laid in the faid Streets or Public Ways, from the Firft Day of Nov.mber to the Firft Day of April, and before Ten of the Clock of the Day from the Firft Day of April to the Firft Day of November; and if any Afhes or Dung fhall be allowed to remain cn any Part of the faid Strees or Public Ways after the faid Hours, it fhall [Loc. (sf iVr.]	8	D	and

658

And the Foct Pavements to be cleaned immediately.

PoWer to make Common Sewers.

Penalties on Perfons ob-flrucling the Foot Pavements.

+8* GEORGI1 III. Cap. 42.

arid may be lawful for the faid Baillics, or any One of them, to decern the Perfon or Perfons fo offending to pay any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings Sterling, for fuch Offence, to be levied and applied as herein-after directed, and that over and above the Forfeiture of the Dung itself, which (hall be fold, and the Price applied in the fame Maimer as the Penalty.

XIV.	Ahd be it enacted, That the Perfons employed in carrying or wheeling the faid Dung to the Streets, fhall be obliged to fwetp, Jcrape, and cleanfe the Foot Pavements and Streets over which the Dung fhall have been carried or wheeled, immediately after they fhall have finilhed their Work, under a Penalty not exceeding One Shilling Sterling for each Offence, to be levied and applied in Manner hereiu-alter directed.

XV.	And be it ena£ted, That it fhall be lawful for, and in tbePower of the faid Commiffioners, to make or caufe to be made Common Sewers, Drains, and Watercourfes, for draining and can ring away the Water from the Roads, Streets, Squares, Lanes, and Paffages, made and to be made within the faid Barony: Provided always, that the faid Common Sewers, Drains, and Watercourfes, ihall be covered over in a fufficient and fubflantial Manner, and that all Damages done or occafioned by making or repairing the fame, fhall be paid by the faid Commiffioners to the Perfon or Perfons interefted, from the Funds to be raifed by virtue of this Act; and in cafe of Difference between the faid Con niiffioners and fuch Perfon or Perfons reipetting the Amount of fuch Damages, the fame Ihall be afeertained by Decrees to be proncunced by the Sheriff Depute of the County of Lanerk, or his Subffitute, who are hereby authorized and required to hear the Parties, and to decern for the fame.

XVI.	And be it enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall carry, run, drive, draw, or caufe to be carried, run, driven, or drawn on any of the Foot Pavements within the faid Barony, any Bier, Sledge, or Wheelbarrow, Wheel or Wheels, or any Coach, Sedan Chair, Waggon, Cart, or Carriage whatever, except direftly acrofs the fame, or fhall wilfully lead, ride, or drive any Horfe, Mule, Afs, or other Cattle, (except when going directly acrofs the faid Foot Pavements, to or from Stables or Cow-houfes), upon any Part of the faid Foot Pavements, or fhall throw or call any Dirt, Dung, Afhes, or Rubbifh, into or upon the fame, or fhall roll any Barrels, Hogfheads, or C.afks, empty or full, along the faid Foot Pavements for any Diflance whatever, (excepting directly acrofs to or from Shops, Cellars, or Warehouses.) or fhall roll any fuch Barrel, Ilogf-head, or Cafk, along any of the Public Streets, Squares, and Places wjthin the faid Barony, except from Shops, Cellars, or Warehoufes, directly to fuch Carts or Carriages as they are to be loaded upon, or from fuch Carts or Carnages as they' have been loaded upon, direfltly to the Shops, Cellars, Warehoufes, or other Places in Which they are to bedepo-fited, (not exceeding Twenty Yards in any Cafe) then it fh,al and may be lawful for anv Perfon or Perfons who fhall lee any l'udi Offence committed to feize, and for any Perfon or Perfons to affiftin feizing fuch Offender or Offenders, and by Authority of this Aft, without any o'.hcr Warrant, to convey and deliver him, her, or rhein to a Peace Officer, in order to be taken before any one of the faid Baillies; and it fhall and may be lawful to fuch Baillie, upon Information of fuch Offence being made to him by any Perfon

• . r. 9f

659

48° GEORG 11 III.	Cep. 4 2.

or Perfons, to iffue his Warrant or Order, to bring before him the Party or Parties fo accufed ; and if he, the, or they, tliall be convifted of any fuch Offence, either by his, her, or their own Confeffion, or by legal Evidence, every fuch Offender lhall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding One Shilling for the Firfl Offence, Two Shillings and Sixpencejfor the Second Offence, and Five Shillings Sterling for the Third and every fubfequent Offence; and in cafe fuch Offender or Offenders fhall not, upon fuch Conviction, immediately pay fuch Penalty, the faid Baillie is hereby authorized and required to commit him, her, or them to Prifon, for any Time not exceeding Two Days unlefs fuch Penalty, and the Charges occafioned thereby, fhall be fooner paid and fatisfied.

XVII.	And be it enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall place, or No Goods, bring out on any Street or Foot Pavement, either on Stalls or otherwife, &c- he within the faid Ba.ony, any Goods, Commodities, Provifions, or other g*^0^ (,°e Matter or Thing whatfoever, and fhall expofe the fame for Sale or Show streets, on fuch Streets or Foot Pavements, or‘on the Walls of Houfes, every

Perfon fo offending fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Shillings Sterling ; and if the faid Penalty fhall not be immediately paid, and the faid Articles removed, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Baillies, or any One of them, to caufe the Goods, Commodities, and other Tilings to be removed, taken away, and depoftted in fuch Place or Places as he or they fhall direft, there to remain until the Offender or Offenders fhall have paid the Penalty, with the Charges and Expences attending fuch Removal.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful to the Outfide faid Baillies, or any Two of them, within the faid Barony, and they are Staiis, &c. to hereby empowered, upon Application or Complaint being made to them bc r£moved* by the Commiffioners herein-after appointed, (after infpecling the Pre-

mifes and hearing the Parties concerned), to order, by a Decree under their Hands, the Proprietors of Houfes, or other Buildings, fronting any of the Streets of the faid Barony, to remove, or caufe to be removed and taken away, within a reafonable Time, ail OutTftairs, Out-Ihots, Buildings,

Ereftions, Sign Polls, and other Things whatfoever, which project upon, or tend to obftruft the free Paflage of the faid Streets and Foot Pavements, or which projeft or extend beyond the proper Line or Breadth ; and if within the Time fpecified in fuch Decrees, the faid Out flairs, Out-(hots.

Buildings, Ereftions, Sign Polls, and other Things, be not taken away, the Owner of fuch Houfe or Building to which the fame may be annexed or belong, lhall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings Sterling, and fo toiies quo tier for every Month after fuch Decree, during which the faid Out-Hairs, Out-lhots, Buildings, or other Projections lhall remain ; the faid Fines to be levied and applied in Manner hereinafter direfted: Provided always, that in cafe the aforefaid Obftruftions lhall not-be removed within Three Calendar Months after the Decree decerning them to be removed has been intimated to fuch Proprietors, then it lhall be lawful to the faid Baillies, or any Two or more of them, and they are hereby empowered, to order the fame to be removed Brevi manuand that when fuch Out-ftairs, Out-lhots, Buildings, and Ereftions, lhall be removed under the Authority of this Aft, for the Purpol’e of public Convenience and Accommodation, the Expence attending the' fame, and Damage occafioned to the Proprietor, lhall be defrayed from the Funds ariling under this Aft.

XIX. Pro-

66o

Provifo as to Out-Hairs.

No Houfcs to be thatched with Straw.

Baillics authorized to line front Tenements.

Commiflion-ers may make Bye-laws.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That where the Houfes and Buildings erefted on the Sides of thefaid Foot Pavements cannot have convenient Accefs and Entries by any other Tallages than by Out flairs, the faid Baillies fhall order fuch Out-flairs to be altered and narrowed, in fuch Manner as to leave a free Paffage not lefs than Two-thirds of the Breadth of the Foot Pavement oppofite to the faid Out-flairs.

XX.	And be it enafted, That the Proprietors of fuch Tenements or Houfes fronting any of the faid Streets, Lanes, Squares, or any other public Places within the faid Barony, as may be erefted, and of fuch front Houfes or Tenements as may be unroofed or rebuilt fubfequent to the palling of this Aft, fhall be, and the faid Proprietors are hereby prohibited from thatching with Straw, Broom, Heath, and from covering with Tar, Pitch, or Paper, the Roofs of fuch front Tenement.

XXI.	And be it enafted, That as the faid Baillies have been in ufe, upon Report of their Birleymen, or Liners, and after infpefting the Pre-mifes and hearing Parties, to line the Front of any Houfes or Buildings about to be rebuilt in front of the Streets, Lanes, or Tallages within the faid Barony, fo it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Bailbes, or any One of them, and they are hereby empowered, upon Complaint and Application made to them by the faid Commiffioners, or by any individual neighbouring Proprieior, (after vifiting the Premifes and hearing Parties concerned), to line the Fronts of any Houfe or Building to be erefted in any of the Streets Paflages, or Lanes within the laid Barony, in fuch Manner as they may fee neceffary for preferring Regularity of the Line of Building in the faid Streets, Paflages, or Lanes.

XXII.	And be it enafted, That a Majority of the faid Commiffioners prefent at any Meeting, called for that Purpole, fhall have full Power and Authority from Time to Time, to make Rules, Regulations, and Bye Laws, confident with this Aft, and the Laws of Scetland, for the better Execution of this Aft, for removing Obltruftions and preventing Nuifances of every Kind on the Foot Pavements, Streets, and other Places within the faid Barony, and in general for all other Purpofes connefted with the Prefervation of Peace and good Order, and the general Safety and Comfort of the Inhabitants, and from Time to Time, as Occafion may require to repeal, add to, amend, and alter fuch Regulations, or any of them, and to enforce the fame, by fuch pecuniary Penalties as they fhall think, proper, not exceeding in any Cafe the Sum of Ten Shillings Sterling for each Offence, to be levied and recovered in Manner herein-after directed: Provided always, that Ten Days previous Notice fhall be given of every fuch Meeting, by Advertifement in the Glafgow Newfpaper*, fpecifying the Bye-laws and Regulations propofed to be made thereat; and that none of the faid Regulations fhall becomej valid, or take Effeft, until they be ratified and confirmed by the Magiflrates and Town Council of the City of Glafgow, as Baron and Superior of the Barony, regiftered in the Police Books, printed and circulated, and put upon the moft con-fpicuous Places of the faid Barony: Provided alfo, that it fhall be c6m-petent to any Pcrfon orPerfons, who may be thereby aggrieved, to appeal again!! the fame, to the firft Circuit Court of Jufticiary to be held at Glafgow thereafter.	1

4

XXIII. Pro-

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

XXIII- Provided always, and be it enabled, That the Proprietors. Owners, or Occupiers, of all Cotton Works, Glafs Works, Founderies, Mills, Diftilleries, Soap or Candle Works, or other Works to De eretted in the faid Barony, the Machinery whereof is driven by Steam, or the Smoke ariling wherefrom is confidered noxious or injurious to the Neighbourhood, fhali confirud the Furnaces or Flues of their faid Works, fo as to confume their own Smoke, in fuch Manner as the noxious or injurious Confequences may be removed or prevented ; and in cafe they refufe fo to do when required by the faid Commiflioners, the faid Baillies, or any Two of them, fhali have full Power, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to caufe the fame to be done, in fuch Manner as to them fhali feem belt calculated to prevent fuch Conferences in Time coming, at the Expence of the faid Proprietors or Occupiers; but this Enactment fhali not be conffrued fo as to allow any of the Works aforefaid to be credited upon Ground, the Writings and Title Deeds of which prohibit their Erection.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That the Proprietors, Owners, or Occupiers of Diftilleries, Dye Works, and other Works within the faid Barony, fhali be obliged to carry off the Refufe or Water coming from fuch Works, by Drains or Sewers under Ground, properly fecured and covered ; and if they refufe fo to do when thereto required by the faid Commiflioners, the faid Baillies, or any Two of them, are hereby authorized and required to caufe the fame to be done and kept in Repair at the Expence of the Owners or Occupiers of fuch Works.

XXV.	And be it enadted. That no Shopkeeper, or other Perfon or Perfons, fhali keep at the fame 'l ime in any Shop, Cellar, or Warehoufe, cr other Apartment within the faid Barony, more than Ten Pounds Weight of Gunpowder ; but fhali cany, or caufe to be carried, all Gunpowder belonging to him or them exceeding that Quantity, to fuch Magazine or Place as may be hereafter provided and appointed by the faid Commiflioners, unlefs fuch Perfon fhali have a Cellar, Magazine, or other Place for depofiting the fame, which fhali be approved of by the faid Commiflioners; and every Perfon or Perfons fo offending, neglecting, or failing, fhali, for every Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, to be levied in Manner herein-after directed, befides forfeiting all the Gunpowder which fhali be in his, her, or their Houfes, Shops, Cellars, Warehoufes, or other Apartments, exceeding the aforefaid Quantity.

XXVI.	And be it enadted. That the Gunpowder allowed to be kept in Shops, Cellars, Warehoufes, or other Apartments as aforefaid, fhali be deposited in a Place by itfelf, feparate from all other Goods and Commodities, and fhali be fecured by Lock and Key, under a Penalty not exceeding One Pound Sterling, to be paid for each Offence by the Occupier of the Houfe, Shop, Cellar, Warehoufe, or other Apartment, in which the fame fhali be kept, to be levied in Manner hereinafter directed: And it fhali not be lawful to the faid Shop-keeper, or other Perfon or Perfons, to fell or difpofe of any Quantity of Gunpowder by Candle-light, or after Day-light, on any Account, or for any Purpofe whatever, under a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling for each Offence, to be levied and applied in Manner hereinafter u directed: Provided always, that it fhali be lawful for the Commandin°- Officer of

[Loc. y Per.]	8£	any

66l

Provifo as to Cottori Waiks, &c.

Proprietors of Public Works to •onvey the Refufe, or Water, under Ground.

Gunpowder where to be kept;

and how to be kept and fold.

662

Provilo as lo Powder kept for military

Purpofes.

Houfes to be numbered.

Streets, &c. to be named.

Baillies to make Regulations and Bye-Laws as to Hackney Coaches, &c.

How Water

is to be carried from the Roofs of Houfes, &c.

4S9GEORGII in. Cap. 42.

any of Ills Majefly’s Troops quartered in the faid Barony, to keep in any Place or Places fituated therein, and appointed by the faid Baillies, or any one of them, along with a Majori-y of the Commiffioners, any Quantity of Gunpowder he may think neceffary for exerciftng the laid Troops, or for other Military Purpofes.

XXVIT. And be it enafted, That the faid CommilTioners lhall and may order and direft the Houfes, Buildings, Shops, and Warehoufes, within the faid Barony, to be numbered with Figures, placed or painted on the Doors, or on fuch other confpicuous Part thereof as they (hall think proper, and may likewife order to be painted, or otherwife inferibed on a confpicuous Part of any Houfe or Building, at or near the End or the Comer of each Street, Square, Lane, PatTage, or Place, the Name of fuch Street, Square, Lane, Paffage, or Place; and any Perfon or Per-fons who (hall wilfully and malicioufly deilroy, injure, obliterate, or deface any fuch Number, Figure, Name, or Defcription, (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Two Pounds Sterling, to be levied and applied in Manner herein-after Jirefted.

XXVIII.	And be it enacted, That it lhall and may be lawful for the faid Baillies, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make fuch Rules, Regulations, and Bye Laws, as they may think fit, for licenfing and regulating Hackney Coaches, Sedan Chairs, Carts, and Porters plying for Hire within the faid Barony; for trying, judging, and punifhing the Milbehaviour of Coachmen, Chairmen, Carters, and Porters, according to Law ; for fixing and altering their Stands, and for afeertaining what Rates and Fares, as to Dillance and Time, they (hall be allowed to take, and to what Diflances, and under what Penalties they (lull drive in and through the faid Barony, not exceeding Two Miles for Sedan Chairs, and Four Miles for Coaches, Carts, and Porters; and from Time to Time to repeal, alter, or amend the Rules, Regulations, and Bye Laws, fo to be made by them: Provided always, that fuch Rules, Regulations, and Bye Laws, and the Fines and Penalties for the Breach or Non-performance thereof, as the fame (hall from Time to Time be made, altered, or varied, fhall not be repugnant to the Laws of Scotland, or to any of the Provifions in this Aft contained, and fhall be printed and put up on fuch Place or Places as the faid Baillies may think proper : Provided alfo, that it fhall be competent to any Perfon or Perfons, who may be thereby aggrieved, to appeal againft the fame to the firfl Circuit Court of Judiciary to be held at Glafgow thereafter.

XXIX.	And be it enafted, That the Water from the Roofs of all Houfes and other Buildings within the faid Barony, fronting the Public Streets and Squares, and the Lanes and Wynds which are Thoroughfares, fhall be conveyed in Lead or other Pipes, reaching within Six Inches of the Ground, and affixed to or on the Sides or Fronts of fuch Houfes and Buildings; and the Owners or Proprietors thereof fhall be obliged to make a Cut or Gutter in the Pavement, from the Termination of the faid Pipe or Pipes , for carrying off the Water therefrom into the Common Sewer ; and in cafe the Owners or Proprietors of fuch Houfe6 and Buildings fhall not fo carry the Water from the fame, w ithin Twelve Months after being, required to do fo by the faid Comtniffioners, then it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Baillies, or any Two of them, and they are hereby authorized

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 42.	6	63

thorized and empowered, upon Application by the Commiffior.ers, (on infpecting the Premires and hearing Parties concerned,) to decern, in a fummary Manner, fuch Owners 01 Proprietors to pay any Sum not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling for every fuch Offence; and if after Convi&ion of any fuch Offence, the Water from fuch Iloufes and other Buildings flra.ll ftill be conveyed otherwife than in Pipes fo affixed, and reachingas aforefaid,for the Space of One Calendar Month, then the Owner or Proprietor of every fuch Houfeor Building ffiall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding TenShillingsSterling,and fo toties quoties for every Month after fuch Firft Conviction, during which the Water ffiall be conveyed otherwife than aforelaid ; fuch Fines to be levied and applied in Manna herein-after directed, and to be always paid by the Proprietors according to the Proportion of their refpeftive Rents rated as after mentioned ; and in cafe the faidPerfons ffiall negledt for Two Calendar Months to convey the Water from the faid Houfes or Buildings in Manner aforefaid, it ffiall be lawlul to the laid Baillies, or any One of them, upon Application by the Com-miffioners, to order the Work neceffary for conveying the Water in Manner aforefaid, to be done at the Expence of the faid Pcrfons, and todeceni againft: them for the Expence thereof, over and above the Penalties which they may have incurred.

XXX.	And beitenafted, That when theFloors or Stories of any Houfes Where

or Buildings belong to more Proprietors than One, the feveral Proprietors of jHouf“ J'J’ the fame Houfe or Building, ffiall defray the Expence of making, affixing, proprietor* and keeping in Repair the laid Pipes, and the faid Cuts or Gutters in the than One. Pavements, in Proportion to the Rents of the Parts of fuch Houfes or Buildings which belong to them rel'peftively, as rated in the Rent-roll after-mentioned ; and in cafe any Diipute or Difference lhall arife amengft the feveral Proprietors of the fame Houfe or Building, relative to the Proportions of the aforefaid Expcnce, it ffiall and may be lawful for the faid Baillies, or any One of them, after infpecting the Premifes, and hearing the Parties concerned, by a Decree under their Hands to determine the fame, according to the Rate of fuch Rents in the faid Roll, and to decern for that Expence in Manner aforefaid.

XXXI.	Provided alfo, and be it enafted,That where theTenants or Oc- where done cupiers of any Houfe or other Building ffiall, in Default of the Proprietors by Tenants or paying fuch Expence, have been at any Expence in conveying the Water Occupiers,

as aforefaid, (which they are hereby authorized and required to do to the jj/haiTbs t0 Amount of the yearly Rents payable by them refpeftively,) they may, them, and are hereby authorized and empowered to apply the Lead and Materials of any Pipe or Pipes formerly affixed to the laid Houfes, or the Produce thereof, towards fuch Expences, and to deduct the Remainder of the faid Expence from the next Rent due to his, her, or their Landlord or Landlords who are hereby directed and required to allow the fame, any Leafe or Contract to the contrary notwithftanding : And in the Event of the laid Proprietors not refiding within the faid Barony, Notice of the Complaint, or of the Order of the laid Baillies, being ferved on the Occupiers or Tenants, ffiall be as valid and effectual as if ferved on the Owners or Proprietors perlonally.

XXXII.	And be it enacted, That it lhall and may be lawful to, and in the Streets to t* Power of the faid CommilUoners, to direct and "caufe the feveral public	and

Streets, UroP'ir0D*

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap, 42.

applying the Funds necelfary for defraying the Expence thereof j be it

therefore enacted, that the laid Barony fliall be, and the fame is hereby

divided into the following Wards; videlicet.

The Firfl Ward,—Bounded by the Biindbum (the Boundary of the faid Barony) upon the Eaft: ; by Thijlle Street, in Hutchefontown, upon the Well; by the River Clyde on the North Parts; and extending Southward, in the Direction of the Biindbum, and on a Line with the Eaft Side of Thijlle Street aforefaid. to the Boundary of the faid Barony on the South ; and comprehending all the intermediate Grounds and Buildings:

The Second Ward,—Bounded by Thijlle Street on the Eaft; by Hof pi/al Street on the Weft ; by the River Clyde upon the North; and extending Southwards, in a Line with the Ealt Side of Thijlle Street and

. the Weft Side of Hofpijal Street, to die Boundary of the faid Barony ; and comprehending all the intermediate Grounds and Buildings:

The Third Ward,—Bounded by Hofpital Street on the Eaft; by Saint Ninian’s Street upon the Weft ; by the R iver Clyde on the North; and by Rutherglen Loan upon the South; and comprehending all the intermediate Grounds and Buildings:

The Fourth Ward,—Bounded by Saint Tinian s Street upon the Eaft ; by the Main Street of the old Village of Gorbals upon the Weft ; by the River Clyde upon the North ; and by Rutherglen Loan upon the South Parts; and comprehending all the intermediate Grounds and Buildings:

The Fifth Ward,—Bounded by the Continuation of Hofpital Street aforefaid upon the Eaft ; by the Main Street of the Village of Gorbals on the Weft; by Rutherglen Loan upon the North ; and by the Boundary of the Barony upon the South Parts; and comprehending all the intermediate Grounds and Buildings :

The Sixth Ward,—Bounded by the Main Street of the Village of Gorbals upon the Eaft; by Nicholfon Street, in Lazuriejlon, upon the Weft; by the River Clyde upon the North ; and by Paifley Loan upon the South Parts; and comprehending ail the intermediate Grounds and Buildings:

The Seventh Ward,—Bounded by the Main Street of the Village of Gorbals upon the Eaft ; by Portugal Street and Surrey Street upon the Weft; Ly Paifley Loan upon the North ; and extending Southward to the Point where Surrey Street is interfccled by the Road leading to Pollockfoaves; and comprehending all the intermediate Grounds and. Buildings:

The Eighth Ward,—Bounded by Hiehofon Street,, Portugal Street, and Surrey Street, in Lavericjlun, upon the Eaft ; by Blconjbury Street and Marlborough Street upon the. Weft; by tire River Clyde upon the North; and by the Boundary of the Barony upon the South Parts; and comprehending all the intermediate Grounds and Buildings :

The Ninth. Ward,—Bounded by; Bloomjbury Street and Marlborough Street' upon the Eaft; iby Queen Street, in Tradeftontuu .upon the. Weft; 'by thOc R iyer Clyde upon the North ; and ex lending-South ward,- in a Line with-Marlborough Street tjnd Queen Street, to the Boundary of the Barony

upon

4b° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.	66?

tipon the South ; and comprehending all the intermediate Grounds and Buildings:

The Tenth Ward,—Bounded by Queen Street aforefaid upon the Eaft; by Centre Street and Pitt Street upon the Weft; by the River Clyde upon the North ; and extending Southward, in a Line with Queen Street and Pitt Street, to the Boundary of the Barony ; and comprehending all the intermediate Grounds and Buildings :

The Eleventh Ward,—Bounded by Centre Street and Pitt Street upon the Eaft; by Dale Street upon the Weft; by the River Clyde upon the North ; and extending Southward to the Boundary of the Barony, in a Line with Pitt Street and Dale Street; and comprehending all the intermediate Grounds and Buildings: And,

The Twelfth Ward,—Bounded by Dale Street aforefaid upon the Eaft; by the Kinningboufe Burn, the Boundary of the faid Barony,	.7	d

upon the Weft; by the River Clyde upon the North Parts; and extending Southward, in the Direction of Dale Street and the Kinning-houfe Burn, to the Boundary of the faid Barony; and comprehending all the intermediate Grounds and Buildings.

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it fhall be lawful to Commitlion-and in the Power of the Commiflioners appointed in Manner herein-	alte*

after mentioned, to alter, vary, add to, or diminilh the faid Wards, or any of them, in fueh Manner as the State of the Population thereof, or other Circumftances, Ihall to the faid Commiflioners appear from Time to Time to require.

XLL And be it enafted, That a Commiflioner refiding within his own Rodent Diftrift or Ward, qualified and elefted in Manner herein-after directed, Commiffiort-ftiall be appointed over each of the faid Wards, with Power to him to ers tn be take Lifts, of Peifons reftding within his own refpective Ward, and to *PP°inte<h take the legal Steps for preventing poor Perfons from obtaining legal Settlements in the laid Barony, fo as to entitle them to the Benefits and Charities thereof; and fuch Commiflioners are hereby invefted with the Whole Powers known in the Law of Scotland to belong to the Office of Conftable : Provided always, that in the Event of any of the faid Commiflioners removing, at any Term of Whitfunday, from the Ward to which he was elected, he fhall neverthelefs continue as Commiflioner for that Ward until the General Election in the Month of Auguji thereafter.

XLI1. And be it enafted, That the faid Commiflioners fhall be elefted Commllton. on the Second Monday of Augvjl One thoufaud eight hundred and ers how to eight, and thereafter on the Second Monday of Auguft annually, b- el'A«h by a Majority of Votes of all the Occupiers of Dwelling Houfes, Shops,

\Varehoufes, and other Buildings within the faid refpeftive Wards, valued in Manner after mentioned, at Five Pounds Sterling or upwards of yearly Rent, out of the Houfeholders within the Diftrifts or Wards refpeftively, whofe Dwelling Houfes (exclufive of thofc Parts occupied it Shops or Warehoufes) are valued in Manner after mentioned at Ten Pounds Sterling or upwards, of yearly Rent: Provided always* that where Dwelling Houfes and Shops are contiguous, and are

7	,	poUeffed	•

668

Baillies to be CommifGon-trs ex ofliciis.

Refident Bail.

lies how to be chofen.

Superior may continue One Baillie in Office.

Penalty for reftrfing to ad ai Baillie.

Manner of

voting for Commiffion-

48® G E O R G11 III. Cap. 42.

poffeHed by the fame Perfon, One Half of the Rent of the whole flull be accounted Houfe Rent, and the other Half Shop Rent.

XLIII. And be it enadted, That the Senior Baillie and the Two refident Baillies of the faid Barony for the Time being, fhall be ex ojjiciis, always Commiffioners without being eledted as aforefaid.

XLIV. And be it enadted, That the Two refident Baillies of the faid Barony lliall, at the firft Election of Baillies alter the palling of this Adt,’ be chofen from among the Inhabitants of Hutcbefontoivn and Lawrie/lown in the faid Barony, for the Fir ft Year ; and at the Second Eledtion after the palling of this Act, the faid Baillies lhall be chofen from among the Inhabitants of the old Village of Girbah and Tradejltnvn or Kingjlon, and fo on alternately during the Continuance of this Adi.

XLV. Provided always, and be it enadted, That the Lord Provoft, Ma-giftrates, and Town Council of Glafgozv, as Baron and Superior of the laid Barony, may, if they think proper, continue one of the faid refident Baillies in Office for a Second Year.

XLVI. And be it enacted. That in the Event of any Perfon or Perfons who lliall be eledted to the Office of Baillie of the faid Barony refilling to adt, every fuch Perfon (hall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds Sterling in Name of Fine, to be applied to fuch Purpofe within the faid Barony as the faid Baron and Superior lliall direct and appoint, and to be levied and recovered in Manner herein-after mentioned : Provided always, that when any Perfon fo refufes to act, it lliall be in the Power of the faid Baron and Superior to choofe another Baillie for that Year, either from the fame Diftridt or from any of the other Divifions of the faid Barony, as Jo them fhall feem proper.

XLVII. And be it enadted, That the Votes for Commiffioners fhall be given in each Ward feparately, by written Notes or Tickets, fubferibed by the Voters, fpecifying their Names, Defoliations, and Qualifications, the Names of the Streets in which they refide, and the Numbers of their Houfes, and containing the Names and Dcfignations of the Perfons voted for, put into Boxes to be prepared for the Purpofe on the Day appointed for the Eledlion ; which Boxes the faid Baillies and the Prefes for the Heretors in each of the old Village of Gorbals, Hutcbcn/oniovin, Lawricjlovm, and Tradejtcwn, fhall prepare for the firft Eledtion, and afterwards the faid Commiffioners for the preceding Year lliall, and they are hereby authorized and required to prepare the fame, in fuch Form as to them, ilia!! feem expedient, and to put up one Box in a proper Place' within each. Ward ; Eight Days previous Notice of the Day of Eledtion, and of the refpedtive Places where the faid Boxes are put up, being always given to the faid Inhabitants, either by a written Notice affixed to the Door of the Court Houfe of the faid Barony, and by Tuck of Drum through the. Principal Streets of the faid lev era 1 "Wards, or by a printed Advertife-' ment affixed on fonie confpicuous Place in each Ward, in order that all. concerned may have accefs to put their Votes or Tickets in the Boxes, which lhall remain open between the Flours of Ten in the Forenoon'. an4 F our in the Afternoon of the Day of Eledtion; it which laft Hour" liv* Election lhall clofe, and the Boxes be removed and opened, the Votes

ferutinized.

4.8’ GEORG 11 III. Cap. 42.

C6 9

fcrutinized, 2nd the Commiflioners declared, for toe firll Eledtion by the faid Baillies and Prefhg and thereafter by the laid Baillies and the other Commiflioners for the lime being; and in calc or an F.quality of Votes for any Commiflioner or Comtvifiioners, the laid Baillies or Prefes of the Meetings for the 'Lime, ilidl deternrne the Preference by calling Lots: Provided always, that no Per!on (hall havr more than one Vote, or lhall vote in more than one Ward or D. drift at any Pled ion of Com* inillioners lor the laid Barony.

XLVIII. And be it enadted, That the raid Commiflioners of Wards refpcc- CommiHion* lively lhall, and ih-.y are hereby authorized and required, within One Ca- j”1t“0ferp lendar Month after their Eledtion, to make, or caufe to be made exadt £ieitora> Lids of the Pcrfons in th'rir refpedlive Ward.-, qualified to eledt or be eledted Commiflioners; which Lilts lhall be entered in Books kept for that Purport, and lhall be open and patent for the Pcrfons intereited at reafonable Times, and the laiJ Commiflioners lhali from Time to lime alter and amend the laid Lifts when neceliiuy.

XLIX. And be it enadted, That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons not quali-fied to vote in Manner aforefaid, lliall vote or attempt to vote at the faid Yours'.'' Eledtions, every Perfon fo offending lhall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling for each Offence ; which Forfeitures lhall be levied and applied in Manner herein-aftet diredted.

L. And be it enadted, That if any of the Commillioners named and And on Per-elected in Manner aforefaid, lhall die, or (hall refure or negledt to accept fon» rlefted the faid Office, and fubferibe an Acceptance thereof, on being required	10

fo to do by the faid Commiifioners, or lhall ccafe to refide in the Wards or Diftridls for which he or they lliall have been elected their Places lhall become vacant, and fhall be iiipplied by other Houfe-holders, qualified as aforefaid, to be defied in Manner herein-after diredted ; and if any Perfon or Perfons duly elected a Commiflioner or Commiflioners under this Adt, lhall, without afligning a jult or reafonable Caufe, relufe to adt, it lliall and may be lawful for the faid Baillies, or any One of them, to fine fuch Perfon or Perfons in Payment of any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, to be applied for the Purpofes of this Adt; provided that the Perfon paying the lame lhall be exempted from acting as a Commiflioner for the Three fucceeding Years.

LL And be it enadted, That when the Place of any cf the faid Com- How Wan. miflioners lliall become vacant, the remaining Commiflioners lhall, within eles a,e to be Fourteen Days thereafter, give Notice thereof to the Inhabitants of the ru;;PllcJ-vacant Ward or Wards, and of the Time appointed by them for the Election of another Commiflioner to fupply fuch Vacancy', to be made in Manner aforefaid, within Fourteen Days after fuch Notice.

LIT. And be it enadted, That in cafe any Difpote or Difference lhall arife,Dilutes bow relating to the Qualification of theEledtors, or of the Perfqns eledted, the.tJ he fettled, fame lhall be determined by the faid Baillies, or by any One of them, for the fir ft Eledtion ; and alterwards by the faid Baillies and . other Commiflioners for the Time being, or a Majority of thefe prefent, whofe Determination lhall be final and binding on all Parties concerned.	'

*"• FLoc. & Per.]

8 G

Lin. Ami.

67c

ElefiioriF, if not made, how lo be fupplicd.

four Com-

minioners 10 go out of Office yearly.

Commiflicr-er« may be re-tleded.

48" GEORG 11 III. Cap. 42.

LIII. And be itenafted, That in cafe the Electors of any Ward (hall refufe or negleft to deft Commiffioners for the fame in Manner aforelaid, it (hall be lawful to and in the Power of the faid Baillies, and of the Commiffioners who ffiall have been elected and accepted their Office*, to nominate and appoint Commiffioners qualified as aforefaid, for the Wards in which Elections fliall not have been made, and the Perfons fo nominated and appointed ffiall have the fame Powers and ffiall remain the fame Time in Office, as if they had been elefted by the Occupiers of Houfes, Shops, Warehoufes, and other Buildings, within their refpeftive Wards, in Manner herein before directed.

LIV. And whereas it is neceflary that the faid Commiffioners of Wards ffiould remain in Office for fuch a Period as to enable them to acquire Experience and Knowledge of the Bufinefs hereby entrufted to them; be ' it therefore enafted. That the Commiffioners who ffiall be chofen on the faid Second Monday of Auguji One thoufand eight hundred and eight, and thofe chofen to fupply Vacancies during the Firft Year, ffiall remain in Office till the Second Monday of Augu/i One thoufand eight hundred and nine, on which Day Four ot them, or of thofe who ffiall have been elefted into Vacancies during the faid Year, ffiall be dilqualified and ffiall go out of Office by Ballot, and Four other Commiffioners qualified and elefted in Manner aforefaid, ffiall be chofen to fupply their Places; and the remaining Eight Commiffioners who ffiall be chofen on the laid Stcond Monday of Auguji One thoufand eight hundred and eight, or thofe chofen to lupply Vacancies during the faid Firft and Second Years, ffiall remain in Office till the Second Monday of Auguji One thoufand eight hundred and ten, on which Day Four of them, or of thofe who ffiall have been elefted during the faid Two Years to fupply Vacancies ffiall be dilqualified and go out of Office by Ballot, and Four other Commiffioners qualified and elefted in Manner aforefaid, ffiall be chofen to fupply their Places; and that the remaining Four Commiffioners who fliall be cholen on the faid Second Monday of Auguji One thoufand eight hundred and eight, and thole who ffiall have been chofen to fupply Vacancies during the Firft Three Years, ffiall remain in Office till the Second Monday of Auguji One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, when they, as being dilqualified from Seniority, fliall go out of Office, and Four other Commiffioners, qualified and elefted in Manner aforefaid, ffiall be chofen to fupply their Places ; and that on the Second Monday of Auguji One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, and on the Second Monday of Auguji annually thereafter, Four ol the Senior Commiffioners ffiall be difqualified and go out of Office by Rotation, and Four other Commiffioners, qualified and elefted in Manner aforelaid, fliall be chofen to fupply their Places, fo that there may be an Election of Four Commiffioners each Year and no more, except for lupplying Vacancies.

LV. Provided always, That Perfons difqualified inManner aforefaid, may be immediately rt-elefted into Office in the Option of their Conllituents, in which cafe they fliall come in as the youngtft Commiffioners, and lhall be enrolled acco dingly ; but in the Event of any Commiffioner being reelected and refufing to aft for a Second Year, he fliall not be liable in the Penalty before mentioned for that Year.

LVI. And

4&* G E0RG1I III. Cap. 42.	671

LVI. And be it enacted, That any Five of the faid Commiflioners Quorum of (hall be a Quorum for tranfacling ordinary Bulinefs; but no Afleflment	;j'‘‘

(hall be made or impofed, nor the Matter of Police, nor any Servant, Clerk, c Watchman, or other Officer appointed, nor their Salaries fixed by virtue of this Aft, except at Meetings where a Majority of the Commiflioners who have accepted their Offices are prefent: Provided always, that the whole Commiflioners (hall be fummoned to attend every Meeting of the faid Commiflioners by written or printed Notices, delivered to them perfonalIy,or left at their Dwelling Places, Twenty-four Hours previous to fuch Meeting; and that the fenior Baillie, or any of the other Baillies prefent, or, in his or their Abfence the oldeft Commifiioner in Office prefent, (hall prefide at the Meetings of the faid Commiflioners; and fuch Prefes (hall have both a deliberative and cafting Vote, in all Matters and Ouellions which ,

(hall come before them.

LVII. And be it enafted, That Four Meetings of the faid Commiflioners Four ftateJ for the faid Barony, (hall be held annually on the Second Monday in the Months of Auguft, November, February, and May at Ten of the ^chVcar. Clock inthe Forenoon, for putting this Aft into Execution; the faid Meetings of the Commiflioners to be held in the Court Houfe of Gorbals, or in fuch other Place within the faid Barony as lhall be appointed by the faid Commiflioners ; the Firft of the faid Quarterly Meetings to be held on the Second Monday of November, after the palling of this Aft ; and that the faid Baillies (hall caufe the Whole of the faid Commiflioners refident at the Time in the faid Barony, to be fummoned to attend the faid Quarterly Meetings, in Manner before mentioned, Twenty-four Hours at lead previous to the Time of Meeting.

L VIII. And be it enafted. That the faid Commiflioners, or a Majority Meeting,may of thofe prefent at any of tile faid Quarterly Meetings, or other Meetings be burned, held in virtue of this Aft, may adjourn to the fame or any other Place within the faid Barony which they may think neceflary or proper, for executing the Powers velted in them by this Aft.

L1X. And be it enafted, That the faid fenior Baillie, or any One of Sppdal M. et-the faid Baillies, or in his or their Abfence the Commiflioner who may ingshowto have prefided at the lad Meeting of the Commiflioners for the faid Baronv, bc calleJ-(hall, when required fo to do by a "Writing under the Hand of any Two of the faid Commiflioners, appoint a fpecial Meeting of the faid Oommif-fioners, to be held within Forty-eight Hours after fuch Requifition, and lhall caufe all the Commiflioners to be fummoned to fuch Meeting in Manner forefaid ; and it (hall he in the Power of the faid Baillies,° or in their Abfence, the olded Commiflioner prefent at any Meeting as afore-faid, to appoint other Meetings of the faid Commiflioners, to be held at fuch Places and Times within the (aid Barony, as may to them feem ne-CclLry for the above Purpole$, the whole Commiflioners being always fum-moned to attend the lame Twenty-four Hours previous to fuch Meetings.

LX. And be it enafted, That it lhall and may be lawful to tire faid PowerJ to Commiflioners, or a Quorum of them, and they are hereby empowered appoint to appoint a Mailer ol Police, Clerks, Servants, and other’ proper Offi- Muter of cers, during their Pleafure, to aft under the Authority and Orders of Poilcc> &e‘ the faid Baillies, or any One of them, for executing the Matters committed

to

672

and Watchmen,

Powers to give Salaries to Clerks, &c.

Duties of Mailer of Police, Clerks, Sec.

BaiDies may conftitute the Officers of Police Special Conftables.

48* GEORGII in. Cap. 42.

to them by this Aft, and for regulating the Police, and for preferring Peace and good Order in the faid Barony.

LXL And be it enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Commidioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to appoint filch a Number of Watchmen as they (hall judge neceffary, for guarding, patrolling, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other {’adages Of the faid Barony, and Bridges leading thereto, in fuch Manner, and under fuch Rules and Regulations as to the (aid Commidioners (hall appear proper and expedient.

LXII. And be it enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful to the faid Commidioners, or a Quorum of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to order luitable Salaries or Allowances to be made to the faid Mafter of Police, Clerks, Servants, and other Officers, and to pay the neceffaiy Expences incurred by them in the Execution of the Duties of their refpeftive Offices, and the necedary Charges and Expences of the aforefaid Eltablifhment, from Ad'efTments and other Funds hereby appointed to be levied, and from no other Fund whatever.

LXIII. And be it enafted, That the Duty of the faid Mader of Police, Clerks, Servants, vVatchmen, and other Officers, (hall be, and they are hereby authorized to aid and affift the Baillies of the faid Barony, in apprehending, detefting, and bringing to Juftice, Perfons guilty of Street Robberies, Houfe-breaking, Alfaults, Refet of Theft, Shoplifting, picking Pockets, Gambling, and other Crimes, by caufing the Parties accufed to be apprehended and imprifoned upon legal Warrants, and proceeded againft in Terms of Law ; in apprehending and putting the Law into Execution againft Vagabonds, Vagrants, public and fturdy Beggars, and other idle and diforderly Perfons, who follow no lawful Employment or Occupation; in fuppreffing diforderly Pubi c Houfes, and other Lloufes frequented by Perfons of the aforefaid Defcripiion ; in fuppreffing Mobs and Riots ; in affifting to extinguiffi Fire ; in putting the Laws into Execution, by which Owners and Drivers of Carts and other Carriages are prohibited from leaving the fame on the Streets, Roads, and Paffages, or riding on their Carts, or driving Carriages orllorfes or Cattle turioufly or improperly, fo as to endanger His Majefty’s 1 ege Subjefts, or cruelly treating Horfes or Cattle, or leaving Wheel or Hand Barrows, or any other Vehicles in or upon which Goods or Provifions are carried, upon the Streets or Pavements, or in the doles or Paffages after Day-light; in feeing that the faid Streets, Squares, Lanes, Paffages, and other Places are properly lighted and cleaned ; in guarding, patrolling, and watching the Streets; and in general, in aiding and allilting the Baiilies in all Matters relative to regulating the Police, and preferring good Order and Tranquillity in the faid Barony, and upon the Bridges leading thereto from the City of Gla/gow, and in carrying the different Purpofes of this Aft into Execution.

LXIV. And be it enafted, That the faid B.ullies (hall have Power, and they are hereby authorized to conftitute the Mafter of Police, and other Officers to be named bv the faid Commiffioners as aforefaid, fpecial Conft ables, for the Purpol'e of attending the faid Baillies, and executing the Sentences or Warrants to be ifl'ued by them in virtue of this Aft or

otherways,

673

483GEORGII III.	Cap 4.2.

otherways, and for the other Purpofcs of this Aft, and with all the Powers competent to Conftables by the Law of Scotland.

LXV. And be it enacted, -That if any Perfon or Perfons fliall at any Penalty on Time obflrud or mol eft any Officer, Watchman, or other Perfon,	ob'

who fliall be employed in the Execution of his or their Duty under this o^ce',n$K!n the Aht, every Perfon or Perfons fo offending fliall, for every fuch Offence, Execution of forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Two Pounds Sterling; and their Duty, if any Perfon or Perfons fliall afl'auh or Itrike any fuch Officer, Watch-man, or other Perfon employed, every fuch Perfon or Perfons fliall, for every fuch Offence, upon being convicted thereof by his, her, or their own Corieflion, or by legal Evidence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, to be levied and recovered in Manner hereiu-after directed: Provided alwa) s, that the levying of thefe Fines fliall not preclude the faid Watchmen or other Perfons from having re-courfe to an Aftion at Common Law, for the Injury dene to them.

LXVI. And be it enafted. That the faid Commiffioners fliall have Power, Rstc of Af-and they are hereby authorized and required, at a general Meeting to be Maient. held upon the Second /I- onday of September annually, during the Continuance of this Ad, beginning upon the Second Monday of September One thoufand eight hundred and eight, to fix, afeertain, and impofe the following Rates and Affdlments, to be railed and levied from the Occupiers, whether Owners or Tenants, of all lioufes. Shops, Cellars, Ware-lioufes, Cotton, and other Works, Manufactories, and Buildings, within the faid Barony ; that is to fay, on the yearly Rent of all fuch Subjeds, rented or valued at Two Pounds, and under Four Pounds yearly, an annual Affcffment not exceeding Sixpence in the Pound Sterling ; on the yearly Rent of the faid Subjeds, rented or valued at Four Pounds and under Six Pounds ye-.rly, an annual Affefimcnt not exceeding Eight-pence in the Pound Sterling; on the yearly Rent of the faid Subjeds, rented or valued at Six Pounds and under Nine Pounds yearly, an annual Afleffment not exceeding Ten-ptnee in the Pound Sterling; and on the yearly Rent of the faid Subjeds, rented or valued ?.t Nine Pounds and upwards, an annual Afleffment not exceeding One Shilling in the Pound Sterling ; and fo in Proportion according as the faid Shops,

Houles, and other Buildings, fliall be rated and afieffed in the Rent Roll, and Valuation to be made annually by a Surveyor to be appointed by the faid Commiflioners; which annual Affcffment fliall be calculated lor the current Year, from \Vhitfunday to Wbiifunday annually, upon the aggregate Rent of each IVTon’s Poffeffion, and fliall be payable at the limes and in the Proportions to be appointed by the laid Commiflioners.

LXVII. Provided always, That the faid Afleffment fliall not be levied from .Aflrfrmrnti Proprietors or Inhabitants, of fuch Parts of the laid Barony as do not where not to receive the Benefits ot watching and lighting, and that the faid Commif- bc Vvied. fioners (hall not be obliged to extend thole Benefits to fuch Parts of the Barony where the faid Afleffment is not levied.

LXVIILAnd be i> ensued,That the faicl Commiflioners, at theirFirff oranv Surveyors to fubfequent Meeting for putting this Act into Execution, fliall appoint a be aPF®*«t«d» proper Perfon or Perfons for afeevtaining the free Rent of all fuch Houfes, p afo?mw Shops, Cellars, Warchouie$, Cotton and other Woiks, if occupied by Ui’

[Lee. id Per.2	8 H	Tenants

674-

Provifo it to Houfes under the yearly Rent of 2I. and as to Paupers.

Hcrctors and Life-renters liable only for Houfes, &c. occupied by them-felves.

48* GEORG 11 III. Cap. 42.

Tenants, and the Rents at which the fame are worth to be let by the Year, if occupied by Proprietors or Life Renters ; with Power to fuch Perfon or Perfons to enter upon and furvey all fuch Houfes, Shops., and other Buildings ; the faid Survey to be made previous to the Firft Day of September yearly ; and the Peifon or Perfons fo to be appointed, after making the fame, fliall leave for every Occupier at his or her Dwelling Houle, or on ihe Premifes furveyed, a Notice of the Rent for which fuch Occupier is to be rated, and immediately after fuch Survey fhall be completed, the faid Surveyor or Surveyors (hall depofit with the faid Commif-fioners or their Clerk, a diflinct Rent-roll or Return of the faid Rents for the feveral Wards herein-before mentioned, agreeable to the Survey fo made ; and in cafe any Occupier fliall think himfelf or herfelf overcharged in the laid Rent-roll or Return, it fhall be lawful for fuch Occupier within Six Days after the faid Notice fhall have been left at his or her Pwelling Place, or on the Premifes furveyed, to give Notice in Writing to the Clerk to the faid Commiflioners of the Overcharge complained of; and the faid Commiflioners fliall meet annually within the faid Court Houfe of Gorbals, or other Place to be by them appointed, upon the Second Monday in the Month of November, after making the faid Survey, at Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, with Power to adjourn from Time to Time, for the Purpofe of hearing the Parties; and in cafe the faid Commiflioners, or a Majority of them, fhall at any of the faid Meetings, think the Rent of any Occupier fo given in by the Surveyor or Surveyors too low, they fhall and may give fimilar Notice to fuch Occupier, and fhall, at a fubfequent Meeting, finally determine the Amount thereof; and fimilar Suiveys fliall be made, and Meetings held for correcting the Rent-roll in every Year during the Continuance of this Adt: Provided always, that the Surveys fo to be made fliall include all Houfes, Shops, Cellars, Warehoufes, Cotton or other Works- actually inhabited, or in which any Furniture or Goods are depofited at the Time; and that a Second Survey fhall be made in Manner afureikid in the Month of December or January, annually, of fuch Houfes or other Premifes as were uninhabited, or in which no Furniture or Goods were depofited at the Time of the Firft Survey ; and if any fuch Houfes or other Premifes fliall be inhabited, or have any Goods or Furniture therein at the Time of fuch Second Survey, the Rents thereof fliall be added to the faid Rent-roll or Return and afTeffed for Half of the yearly Rate, which Half-yearly Afleflments fhall be paid in like Manner as the other Aflefl'ments hereinbefore mentioned; and in cafe of Failure, recovered in Manner hereinafter directed.

LXIX. Provided always, and belt enadleJ, That all Houfes or Parts of Houfes and other Buildings herein before mentioned, occupied by any one Perfon, and rated under the yearly Rent of Two Pounds Sterling, and all Perfons receiving Charity from the Parifh Funds, fliall be and they are hereby exempted from the Payment of any Afleffment to be impofed and levied by virtue of this Adi.

I.XX. And be it enadted, ThitallHoufes and other Buildings occupied by Proprietors or Life-renters, fliall be rated and afleflld for the Duties hereby impofed upon fuch yearly Rent or Value, as the fame fhall be rated and eflimated by the Surveyor or Surveyors before-mentioned, and approved of bv the faid Commiflioners, according to the belt of their Judgment;

4-8" G E O R G11 III. Cap. 42.	67S

and that fuch Proprietors and Life-renters (hall only be liable in Payment of the faid Affeffments for Houles and Buildings occupied by theml'elves and their Domeltic Servants, but not for thofe occupied by their 1 enants, from whom only the faid Affeffments for their refpeftive Poffeflions lhall be levied and recovered by virtue of this Aft; and that all fuch Proprietors and Life-renters lhall only be entitled to vote for or be elected Commif-fioners under this Act, according to the eltimated Rents of the Houfes,

Shops, Warehoufes, Cellars, or other Buildings aftually occupied by thetnfelves, without Regard to the Rent of any other Houfes belonging to them in Poffeflion of their Tenants.

LXXI. Provided alfo, and be it enacted, That no Vintner or Keeper of an Provifo «f-Inn, Tavern, or Coffee Houfe, lhall be afleffed in a higher Sum under	nn*

the Authority of this Aft, than Ten Pounds Sterling yearly, for the Houfe, Tenements, and Pertinents thereof, poffeffed by him or her in the way of his or her Bufinefs, whatever the Rent thereof may be ; and that no Affeffments lhall be made for Gardens or Arable Ground fituated in the faid Barony, or for empty or waffe Houfes.

LXXII. And be itenafted, That it lhall be lawful to andin thePowerof the Abatements faid Commiflioners to give fuch Abatement or Relief from any Affeffmcnt may be made to be made under the Authority of this Aft, as the Clrcumitances ot any Perfon or Perfons applying for the fame may to them feem to require ; any er”_

Thing herein contained to the contrary notvvnManding.

' I.XXI1I. And be it enafted. That the Monies arifing from the aforefaid Aflcflmcnt* Affeffments lhall be, and the fame are hereby veiled in the faid Commif- vetted in ftoners for the faid Barony, and that all fuch Monies lhall be applied, laid Commiffion-out, and expended, in the Firlt Place, in paying theExpences tobe incurred ers* in pafling of this Aft, and then in defraying the Expence of the aforefaid Eftabliflnnent of Mailer of Police, Clerks, Servants, Watchmen, and other Officers, and for the other Purpofes of this Aft, and to no other Purpofe whatever ; and in cafe any Surplus Monies lhall remain after executing the Purpofes aforefaid, upon fettling the Account thereof at the End of each Year, the fame (hall be applied towards the fame Purpofe fi the Year following, fo that the aforefaid Affeffments lhall be thereby proportionally reduced.

LXXIV. Provided always, and be it enafted, That in cafe the Particulars Recovery of of all the Tenements fubjeft to Payment of the faid Affeffment lhall not Rates, be contained in any of the faid Rent Rolls, it (hall be lawful for, and in the Power of the faid Commiflioners, to afeertain the Yearly Rent or Value of thefe Tenements; and if any Perfon or Perlbns, rated and afleffed as in Manner herein direfted, lhall refufe or neglect to pay the Rates or Affeffments charged upon him, her, or them, for the Space of Fourteen Hays next after fuch Rates or Affeffments (hall be due and demanded, and Notice given by general Advcrtifemenrs, once in any Two of the Glafgow Newspapers, and by Tuck of Drum through the faid Barony, then and in fuch Cafe it lhall be 'lawful for the Collector or Colleftors to be appointed by the faid Commiflioners, to apply to any One of the faid Biillies, lor a Warrant to any of their Officers to enter his, her, or their Houfe or Houles, and to feize and take Poffellion of his, her, or their Goods and Effects; and which Warrant the faid Eaillie is hereby authoriz.'d to grant, upon a Certificate figned by the Collector or Col-‘	leftors

67&	48° GEORGII III. Cap.42.

leftors of fuch Demand having been made, of fuch Notice having been given, and of fuch Perfonor Perfons being in Arrear to the Amount ftated in fuch Certificate ; and if fuch Rates or Affelfments (hall not be paid within Three Days next after fuch Seizure is made, together with the Colls or Charges thereby incurred, then the Collector or Colleflors is and are hereby authorized to fell by public Roup, at fuch Place as may appear proper, fuch Part of the laid Goods and Effecls-as (hall be fufiicient to pay the faid Rates and AiTdfments, with the Colts and Charges attending fuch Seizure and Sale, returning the Surplus, if any be, to the Owner or Owners; the Colts or Charges to be afeertained by the Buillie who fhall ilfue the faid Warrant.

CommifQon LXXV. And be it enacted, That the faid Commilfioners lhall have full

cr. ,,, a[fcf. Power and Authority, and they are hereby authorized and required, fin" and levy- at their Meeting to be held on the faid Second Monday of September mg Monies, annually, to afeertain and lay on the AlfdTment to be levied from the Renters or Occupiers and Pooeffors of the Houfes, Cellars, Shops, Ware-houfes, and other Buildings before deferibed; and alfo to afeertain the Sums of Money to be expended for the l urpofes of this Act for the then current Year ; and that it lhall not be lawful for, nor in the Power'd tile faid Commilfioners, or any Perfon or Perfons afting under their Authority, to levy or expend any Monies by virtue of this Aft, unlefs the feme lhall have been previoully affelfed and laid on, and the Expenditure thereof voted by the faid Commilfioners ; and that the faid Bailliec and Commit fioners lhall be fubjeft to and liable in Payment cf the faid Alieilments for the Houfes, Cellars, Shops, Warchoufcs, and other Buildings rented and polfdfed by them ; any Law or Ulage to the contrary notwithltanding.

Queftionsas LXXVI. And be itenafted, That in cafe any Queltionor Eifpute lhall to ACeffmcnts arifo relative to the Houfes, Buildings, Cellars, Shops, and Warehoules, to be decided w[1;c]1 are claimed to be exempted from the aforefaid Alfclfmcnts, or y J-*al !C?- relative to the Amount of the Alfelfments, or the Valuation of the faid Subjects, and the Expence of cleanftng the Foot Pavements and doles in the faid Barony, the fame lhall be determined by Decrees to be given under the Hands of the faid Baillies, or any One of them.

PafTages to the River Clyde may be made.

LXX VII. And whereas there are at prefent no Cart Entries into the River Clyde (excepting one opposite to Buchan Street), by which a Supply of Water can be obtained to extinguilh any Fire which may happen in the faid Barony ; be it therefore enafted, That it lhall and may be lawful to the faid Commilfioners, and they are hereby empowered to form and complete Two Cart Entries into the faid River, one oppofite to Thijlle Street in Hutcbcfontown, and another oppofite to Centre Street in Tradef-tmvn, in fuch Form and Manner as to the faid Commilfioners lhall feetn neccifary, for procuring a Supply of Water from the faid River: Provided always, that no Houfe or Building, Garden or Ground, lhall be taken or ufed, damaged or injured, for the purpefe of forming cr completing the faid Cait Entries, without the Conlcnt of the Owner or Owners, and Occupier or Occupiers thereof.

Commifllon-	LXX VIII. And be it enafted, That the faid Commilfioners fhall have Power

ers may ap- to appoint a Collcftor or Colleftors, Treafurer or Treafurers, Clerk or point Collcc- rutlqfo or any other‘Officer or OUlcers, for levying, receiving, and

;;rTrca-	*	w**

4-8° GEORG 11 III. Cap.42.

paying away the Monies to be railed by virtue of this Aft, and for keeping their Books and Records, and for other Purpofes aforefaid, and to rent, hire, build, or purchafe a fufficient Office for holding their Meetings, and tranfafting their Bufinefs; and alio to appoint fuitable Salaries to the Paid Colleftors, Trcafurers, or Clerks, and to agree for and pay a reafonable Price or Rent for the faid Office, out of the faid Funds ; and that the faid Colleftors or Treafurers ffiall find fufficient SecurUy to the faid Commiffioners for their refpective Intromiffions with the Funds, which they ffiall be empowered to levy and collect.

LXXIX. And be it enafted, That the faid Commiffioners may, and they Commitfion-are hereby authorized, if found necefiary, to Purchafe One or more Fire Engines, Pipes, and other necelTary Appurtenances for extinguiffiing Et intS and Fires, and to name and appoint during Pleafure, a proper Perfon to take appoint Fire-Charge of the faid Engines, Pipes, and other Appurtenances, with fuch mei. Number of aftive Men as they ffiall think fit for working the fame in a proper Manner, and for affifiing in extinguifliing Fires within the faid Barony; and the faid Commiffioners are alfo hereby authorized to make fuch Regulations and Rules for the faid Perfons as to them ffiall feem proper; and the Expence of keeping and maintaining the faid Engines,

Pipes, and Appurtenances, and paying the faid Firemen, ffiall be defrayed from the Funds raifed by virtue of this Aft.

LXXX. And be it enafted. That the Proprietors or'Occupiers of any Proprietors Dwelling Houle, Shop, Warehoufe, Workffiop, or other Hcufe or Te- Houres”* nement whatloever, in which a Fire breaks out or takes place, ffiall pay wjiere pjrc8 any Sum of Money not exceeding Ten Pounds Sterling, to be expended happen, to at the Sight of the faid Commiffioners, in giving Premiums or Wages to Pay ?ot the Perfons who may affifl in extinguiffiing the faid Fires, by bringing to cec^lno 10^* the Spot Fire Engines, and a Supply of Water, or otherways, in fuch Manner and Proportions as the faid Commiffioners may judge fit; the faid Money to be recovered by the Procurator Fifcal of the faid Barony.

LXXXI. And be it further enafted, That it ffiall and may be lawful for Commiffion-the faid Commiffioners, to rent or hire a Piece of Ground for the depofit- 1'r8 may. rcfnt ing of Dung, fvveeped and collefted from the Streets and Pavements in Ground and the faid Barony, and alfo to rent or hire Iloufes or other Buildings for Buildings for fecuring the faid l ire Engines, with the Dung Carts which it may be found receiving Fire requifue to employ ; or if it may appear more expedient, it ffiall and may Engines, &c. be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby authorized to purchafe (from any Perfon willing, and under no legal Difability or Incapacity to fell) a Piece of Ground, and to ereft thereon the neceffary Shades and other Buildings for the faid Purpofes.

LXXXII. And be it enafted. That the faid C.ommiffionersffiall havePower, Power to and they are hereby authorized and empowered to purchafe a con- ereft * venient Piece of Ground from any Perfon or Perfons willing, and	or

under no legal Difability" or Incapacity to fell the fame, and to ereft VVorld‘oufe' and build thereon, a Rclidcnce or Workhoufe for the Reception only of Perfons convifted by the faid Baillies of Crimes committed within the faid Barony : Provided always, that the Money to be expended in the Purchafe of the faid Ground, and in erefting and building the faid Residence or Workhoufe, ffiall not exceed the Sum of Two thoufand five {.Lee. & Per. ]	8 /	hundred

677

&78	4S0	G	E	O	R G11 III, Cap. 42.

hundred Pounds Sterling: And the faid Commiffioners are hereby, authorized to appoint a .Keeper, Clerk, and other Perfons for managing the faid Bridewell or Workhoufe, with fuitable Salaries, and alfo from Time to Time to make proper Rules and Regulations for the internal Government of the faid Bridewell or Workhoufe, and to alter and amend the fame as they fhall fee fit, which Rules and Regulations the faid Keeper, Clerks, and other Servants fhall punctually obferve and obey ; and the faid Keeper or Clerk is hereby required to keep a Book wherein fhall be inferted the Name of every Perfon confined within the faid Bridewell or Workhoufe, and the Crime for which he or (he is committed, the Time they are to be confined, and the Name of the Baillie by whom the Warrant of Commitment is granted and figned, the Work, if any. executed during, fuch Confinement, and the Price or Money arifing and received therefrom by the Perfon authorized to receive the fame, with the Name of the Per-fon or Perfons by whom fuch Price or Money is paid ; which Book fhall at all Times be open for the Infpeftion of the Baillies and Commiffioners; and the Perfons confined in the faid Bridewell or Workhoufe, fhall be employed at fuch Work as they fhall be found bell qualified to perform during the refpeftive Periods of their Confinement.

LXXXIII. And be it enafted, That in all Cafes where, by Common or Statute Law, any Offender is liable to be committed to a Houfe of Correction, or to hard Labour, it (hall be lawful to and in the Power of the faid Baillies, or any One of them, to commit fuch Offender to the faid Bridewell, provided he or fhe refides, or the Offence be committed within the faid Barony.

LXXXIV. And be it enabled. That it fhall be lawful to and competent for any of the faid Baillies to fhorien the Period of any Perfon's Confiner cut in Bridewell by virtue of this Ad, or otherwife, upon being fate fieri of the good Behaviour of the faid Perfons during their Confinement, and that they fhew Marks of Penitence and Amendment.

Offenders againft the Common Law may be committed to Bridewell.

Baillies may

shorten

Periods of Confinement.

be*o*«Ufura- LXXXV. And be it enacted, That in allProfecutions againft Offenders for mary Nature, Crimes committed within the faid Barony, where the Puniftunent fhall without writ- not exceed Thirty Days Confinement in Bridewell, or the Fine to be tea Pleadings. jmpofed fhall not exceed Two Pounds Sterling, the Procedure againft fuch Offenders may be of a fummary Nature, without any written Pleadings ; it being hereby provided, that a Record fhall be kept of the Charge, and of the Judgment pronounced againft fuch Offenders, and that the laid Judgment or Sentence fhall be pronounced in Prefence of one of the Clerks of the faid Court of Barony and Jufticiary.

Powers to LXXXVl. And be it enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful to the faid C°bo"ds &c Bribes, or any One of them, to commit Idlers, Vagabonds, public and ° s' ' fturdy Beggars, and all Perfons who have no fettled Place of Refidence, or follow no lawful Employment, to the faid Bridewell or Workhoufe, to be kept at hard Labour for a Period not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

Money arifing LXX X VII. And be it enafted. That the Money arifing from the Labour from their and Work of the Perfons confined in the faid Bridewell or Workhoufe, fhall Labour how appficfi by the faid Commiffioners, firft in defraying the Expence of to be applied. “	his

679

48* GEORG 11 III. Cap. 42.

hi6 or Tier Boarding and Keeping therein, and the Surplus, if any, fhall be paid to the Perfons fo confined, at his or her Liberation.

LXXXVI1I. And be it enafted, That the Purchafe Money of the faid Purchafe Grounds,and theExpence of erefting the faidBridewell or Workhoufe and Money of otherBuildings, (hall be defrayed from theFunds to be levied under this Act. to™‘indes_ ‘°w

' frayed.

LXXXIX. And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiffioners may, powcrt0 bor-and they are hereby empowered to borrow any Sum or Sum6 of Money row Monty, not exceeding Three thoufand Pounds Sterling, for the Purpofe of obtaining this Aft, purchafing the faid Grounds, and erecting the faid Bridewell or Workhoufe, and other Buildings, and to aflign over the Rates and Affeffments hereby granted to any Perfon or Perfons from whom fuch Money may be borrowed, as a Security for the fame.

XC. And be it enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons within the faid Penalty on Barony (hall knowingly permit, or fuflfer any idle Rogue or Vagabond to Perfons har-lodge or take Shelter in any Houfe, Barn, or Outhoufe belonging to him, ^	&c.

her, or them, and (hall nat apprehend and carry fuch Rogue, Idler, or Vagrant, before One of the faid Baillies, or give Notice to (ome Conftable or other Officer fb to do, every Perfon fo offenuing, upon being lawfully con-vifted thereof, by his or her own Confellion, or by legal Evidence, before One or more of the faid Baillies, (hall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Two Pounds Sterling for each Offence ; one Moiety thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other to be applied to the Purpofes of this Acf.

XCI. And be it enafted, That if any Perfon (hall entice or incite from Penalty on his Duty any of the faid Watchmen or other Servants of the Police, or P«!fons fI>-(hall entertain, or permit or firffer to be entertained, in his or her Houfe, ^ce'"K^.atcl1* any fuch Watchman or other Servant of the Police, during their Hours flom’ thtir of Duty, every Perfon fo offending, and upon being convifted thereof Duty, by his or her own Confeffion, or by legal Evidence, before any One or more of the faid Baillies, fhall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding One Pound Sterling ; one Half thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other to be applied to the Purpofes of this Aft.

XCII. And be it enafted, That a Book or Books fhall be prepared and kept Accounts to by the faid Commiffioners, or by fuch Perfon or Perfons as they fhall ap- bc kept, point, wherein (hall be fairly entered an Account of all Monies levied and paid by virtue of this Aft, and how the fame have been applied; and the faid Books fhall be regularly balanced and doequeted yearly on the laft-Monday of July immediately preceding the annual Eleftion of Comiffion-ers, the Firft Balance to be ffruck on the laft Monday of July in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and nine, from which a Statement of the Receipts and Difburfements for the Year preceding fhall be made out and printed on or before the Second Monday of Auguft annually after the Books are balanced, and a Copy thereof fhall be delivered to each of the faid Commiffioners, and lodged in the Court Houfe and Police Office of the faid Barony, where they fhall remain Six Weeks for the Infpection (without Fee or Reward j of all Perfons contributing to the aforefaid Afieff-ments^ and the faid Statement fhall alfo be publjfhed once at lead in arty One or' more of the Glafgow Newfpapers.

XCIIL And

68o

Minutes to be kept.

Aftions by and againtt

Commif-

Jioners.

Aftions competent to Procurator Fifcal.

Baillies may decern fum-marily for Fenahies.

Penalties exceeding 21. Sterling, to be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 4/2.

XCIII. And be it enacted. That the faid Commiffioners (hall keep'or caufe to be kept a Book or Books, in which (hall be ertgroffed or written Minutes of all their Proceedings and Tranfactions, with an Account of the Salaries and Emoluments of Surveyors, Mailer of Police, Clerks, Servants, Watchmen, Collectors, Treafurers, and other Officers appointed by them, which Book or Books (hall at all reafonable Times be open for the Infpection of every Perfon contributing to the aforefaid Affeffments, who (hall and may perufe the fame without Fee or Reward.

XCIV. And be it enacted, That it (hall be competent to the faid Baillies’ or any One of them, to bring Actiens againll the faid Commiffioners, or to the Commiffioners for the Time being, or a Majority of them, to bring Actions again(1 their Predeceffors before any competent Court in Scotland, in cafe they (hall embezzle, fquander, or mifapply any of the Funds veiled in them by virtue of this Act: Provided, that fuch Action or Actions (hall be commenced within Fifteen Calendar Months after the Offence profecuted for (hall be alledged to have been committed: And in order to prevent vexatious Profecutions, be it enacted, That in the Event of any fuch Actions being ill founded, the Judge before whom they may be brought, (hall decern againft the Purfuers thereof for the whole Charges neceffarily incurred in defending fuch Actions.

] XCV. And be it enacted, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Procurator Fifcal of the faid Barony to biing Actions before the faid Baillies, and Execution (hall pafsat hislnflance for Performance of the Obligations, and for levying and recovering the Penalties herein-fpecified.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Baillies, or any One of them, to decern in a fummary Manner for the feveral Penalties, Damages, and Expences iinpofed by this Act, (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not herein particularly before deferibed) ; and in cafe the Penalty and Forfeiture be not immediately paid, the faid Baillies, or any One of them, where the Sum decerned for does not exceed Two Pounds Sterling (hall and they are hereby empowered to commit the Perfon or Perfons refufing or neglecting to pay the fame, to Prifon or Bridewell for any Time not exceeding Fourteen Days, unlefs fuch Penalties, Damages, and Expences, and thei Charges incurred in .levying and recovering the fame, (hall be looner paid and fads tied.

XCVII. And be it further enafted. That where thePenalties, Forfeitures, Damages, and Expences decerned for (hall exceed the. Sum of Two Pounds Sterling, and where the Manner of levying and recovering the fame is not hercin-bcfore pointed out, it iludl and may be lawful for the faid Baillies, or any one of them, upon Convittion of the Offender or Offenders, by their own Conftffion, or by legal Evidence, in cafe the Offender or Offenders (hall not immediately pay the Sums decerned for, to caufe the fame to be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offender or Offenders Goods and Effefts, by a Warrant under the Hand of any of the faid Baillics, and after deducting the Charges of fuch Diitrefs and Sale, the Surplus, if any, (hall be paid to fuch Offender or Offenders; and in cafe lufficient Goods and Effetls (hall net have been foyud. it ffiall be lawful for Inch Baillie to caufe the (aid Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol’ or Bridewell of the faid Barony or 4	Work-

68i

48° GEORG II HI. Cap 42.

Workhoufe aforefaid, therein to continue for a Space not exceeding Twenty Days, unlefs tlie Sums of Money fo decerned for, and all reafonable Charges incurred, lhall be fooner paid and fatisfied.

XCVIIl.And be it enaded, That the faid'Baillies lhall and they are hereby Ba;n;es may empowered in all Cafes to decern, not only for the Expence of any Works decern for or Operations, or of any other Expences, Sums of Money, Damages, Coils of Suitor Penalties, under the Authority of this Ad, but alio for the Colts of Suit.

XCIX. And be it enacted, That it lhall and may be lawful for the faid Power to Baillies, or any One of them, from Time to Time to mitigate and leffen anv of the Forfeitures or Penalties incurred under this Ad, to any Sum c not lets than One-Third of the faid Forfeitures and Penalties, befides the Expences and Charges of fuing for the fame.

C. x\nd be it enaded, That the Whole of the pecuniary Penalties and Penalties to Forfeitures herein before authorized to be levied, fliall, after dedudmg j^PP^f*® the neceffary Charges of recovering the fame, be paid to and make Part 0f tj,j, ^cU of the Funds to be applied, under the Diredion of the faid Commifficners, for thePurpofes of this Ad, excepting as herein fpecially before provided.

Cl. And be it enaded, That all Actions for recovering any of the For- Penalties to feitures and Penalties impofed by virtue of this Ad, (hall be commenced be Cued for within the Space of Three Calendar Months from the Time the Fads 1 llree by which they are incurred lhall have been committed, and if not com- 1 lont ls' menced within the aforefaid Space, the Perfon or Perfons who lhall have offended lhall not be liable to be profecuted thereafter.

CIT. And be it enaded, That no Adion or Procefs lhall be commenced No Adion cgainlt the faid Commilfioners, or any Perfon or Perfons, for any Thing to be com-done in the Execution of this Ad, after Three Calendar Months n,cnccd from the Time the Fads are difeovered or known ; and the Defender or miffioners'"1' Defenders in fuch Adion or Procefs may produce this Ad, and plead that after Three the faid Things were done by Authority and in virtue thereof, and if they Months, lhall appear fo to be done, then and in that cafe the faid Defender • or Defenders lhall be affoilzied from fuch Action or Procefs, and the Purfuer or Purfuers in fuch Action lhall be found liable to pay the laid Defender or Defenders the whole Expences of Procefs incurred by him or them.

CI1I. And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfons lhall Appeal, think him, her, or themfelves aggrieved by any Order or other Proceeding of the faid Baillies. it lhall only be lawful for him, her, or them, to appeal to the firft Circuit Court of Judiciary to be held at Glafgow thereafter, and the Appellant or Appellants lhall find Security, and obferve the other Requisites of the Law relative to Appeals to that Court.

CIV. Provided always, and be it ennded, That nothing in this Ad con- Saving Clanfe tained (hall extend, or be conltrued to extend, to take away, abridge, or tu Magistrates diminilh any Rights, Privileges, Jurifdidions, or Powers, which now gj	’

belong to and are enjoyed by the Magi ft rates and Town Council of the other Judges. City of Glafgow, by the Sheriff and Jultices of the Peace of the County of [Lor. Q Per.2	8 K	Lanerk,

68a

Expence of tliis Aft, See. how to be paid.

Public Aft.

Continuance of the Aft.

48® G EORGII III. Cap. 42.

Lanerk, or by the faid Baillies, or by the Baillie on the River and Firth of Clyde, in virtue of former Ads of Parliament, Royal Charters, or immemorial Ufage, and particulasly the Rights, Privileges, Jurifdiftions, and Powers, which now belong to, and are enjoyed by the Magiftrates and Town Council of the City of Glajgmv, Baron and Superior of the faid Barony, who fhall have full Power to nominate and appoint the Baillies of the faid Barony, the Clerks and Procurator Fifcal of the Courts of Bailliary and Judiciary in the faid Barony, and the other Officers of the faid Courts, in as full and ample a Manner as they did or could have done previous to the paffing of this Aft.

CV. And be it enafted, That the Charges incurred in applying for and obtaining this Aft, and in erefting and maintaining the aforefaid Bridewell or Workhoufe, and other Buildings, with Intereil from the refpeftive Periods of advancing the fame, fhall be defrayed out of the Monies arifing from the Affeffraents aforefaid, by equal Portions, during the Continuance of this Aft.

CVI. And be it further enafted, That all Sheriffs, Juftices of the Peace, Judges, and Magiftrates, with their Officers, Meffengers at Arms, and all other Officers and Executors of the Law whatfoever, are hereby required to be aiding and affifting in putting this Aft into due and lawful Execution, and that this Aft fhall be deemed and taken to be a Public Aft, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

CVII. And be it further enafted, That the feveral Parts of this Aft which relate to the laying on and levying the Affeffments herein-before direfted, appointing a Matter of Police, Officers, Clerks, Collectors, and Watchmen, dividing the Barony into Diftrifts or Wards, and appointing Commiffioners of the faid Wards, fhall continue in force for Fourteen Years from and after the paffing thereof, and to the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament, and no longer, but that all the other Parts of this Aft fhall be perpetua'.

LONDON: Printed by Qeorge Etre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty. 1808.

V f







ANNO QUADRAGESMO OCTAVO

GEORGIL III REGIS.

:;V'V	I .

#j|(******i|t**-»-**#**Hf********#*****4E******»** ***********

Cap. 43.

An Aft for the more eafy and fpeedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Pariih of Manchejier in the County Palatine of Lancajler. [27th May 1808.]

WHEREAS the Parifh of Manchejier, in the County Palatine of Lancajler, and the feveral Townfhips and Hamlets fituate within the fame, are very populous, and in the fame Parifh there are many very confiderable Manufadtories which employ great Numbers of People, who, along with divers other Perfons reftding and trading within the faid Parifb, central Small Debts, which in the Whple amount yearly to a large Sum of Money ; and although many of fuch Debtors are well able to pay their refpedlive Debts, they often refufe to pay the fame; by reafon of which their refpedtive Creditors are either obliged to forego their refpeftive Debts, or for the Recovery thereof to incur an Expence fometimes far exceeding, and in all cafes greatly difproportionate, to the'Sums in Difpute : And whereas it would greatly tend to the Promotion of Induftry, and the Support and Encouragement of ufefu! Credit, and would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants of the faid Parifb, and the feveral Townfhips and Hamlets within the fame, if a more eaiy and fpeedy Method of recovering Small Debts within the fame Parifh were provided : May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enabled ; and be it ena&ed by the King’s mofl Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pre-\Loc. & Pcr.~\	8	L	font

686

CommiHi-n*

eri.

48* GEORG II III. Cap. 43.

fcnt Parliament aftembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the Juftices of the Peace for the Time being of the County Palatine of Lan-cafler, afting within and for the Divifion of Manchester ; the Deputy Lieutenants for the Time being of the faid County, adting within and far the fame Divifion ; the Warden and Fellows for the Time being of the Collegiate Church of Chrijt in Mancbejler-, the High Conflable for the Time being of the Hundred of Salford, adting within and for the Divifion of Alanchejler; the B raughreeve and Two chief Conftables ter the Tme being of the Town of Mancbejler; the Boroughreeve and Two chief Conftables for the Time being of the Town of Salford; the Two chief Churchwardens forthe Time being of the Paiifh of Mancbejler; fames Achers, John Allen, Thomas Andrew, Thomas Appleton, Francis Armfirong, Jofepb Ajlon, Jofepb Atkinfon, John Atkinfon, Robert Ave-yard, Charles Frederick Brandt, Jonathan Beever, William Beever, John Baldwin, Richard Barlow, Richard Bagjbaw, John Bancroft, John Barker, Jomes Barratt, William Bower, James Booth, William Bowman, James Brier ley, James Brown, George Burgefs, John Barnes, Benjamin Brookes, John Burton, lfaac Clarke, Thomas Clayton, Edmund Clegg, John Ccckbain, William Cooper, Richard Collins, John Drinkwater, Thomas Davenport, Smith Deavill, John Downes, Lin Dillon, Richard Entwijle, Ralph Ellam, Thomas Fofbrooke, Jeremiah Fielding, William Fox, George Fletcher, Peter Fletcher, William Foulds, Richard Fletcher, Jofepb Fletcher, Edward Fogg, Nathaniel Gould, Samuel Grimfhaw, George Grundy, Benjamin Goodall, Thomas Green, William Garnett, John Greaves, Hugh Greaves, John Gunfon, Bernard Hartley Green, Dauntefey Hulme, James Hall of Sunny Side, James Had, of the Crelcenr, William Harper, James Hcald, Samuel Heginbottom, James Holt Heron, William Tomlinj'on Hejketb, Thomas Hewitt, John Hewitfon, William Heyward, JoJhua Hibbert, Thomas Hilton, Samuel Holgate, David Holt, Richard Hojkins, Thomas Hoyle the y unger, Robert Hardy, Robert Howarlh, William Hutchinfon, Thomas Holland, John Hcywood, George Hatfield, John Jackfon, Samuel Jackfon, Frederick William James, Thomas Jenkins, Richard Jones, Jofepb Jenkinfon, John Kelfall, James Kennedy, Samuel Knight, Samuel Knott, Widiarn Kay, Thomas, Leeming, Thomas Liltlewood, lfaac Lees, Robert Lucas, John M‘Mur do John Makin, John Marfden, Mai tin Marfhall, Jofepb Mafon, Richard Meadowcroft, James Meadows, Roger Merrick, John Miller, James Morris, Samuel Mot tram, William Mouncey, Robert Marfh, Jofepb Mycock, Francis Morris, Peter Marfland, John Nightingale, George Nedcn, Jofepb Neild of Deanlgate, John Orford, Thomas Ollivant, Jofepb Owen, l%.mas Ogden, Sir Robert Peel Baroner, Lawrence Peel, George Peel, Shake/peare Phillips, George Philips, Thomas Phillips of A rdwick, Thomas Pidgeon, William Pilling, John Pooley the elder, Richard Potter of Strange-ways, Robert Potts, Andrew Preflon, Samuel Prince. Thomas Prejion, James Parkinfon, John Ratclijfe, John Railton, Charles GolJney Rees, William Roberts, Thomas Robinfon of Crumplal, Charles Rowland, David Rome, Micah Rofe, Jama Rofe, Richard Routh, William Roylance, John Roylance, William Raby, Samuel Ruffell, Jofhua Ryle of Stretford, JoJhua Ryle of Chetham, William Starkie, Jofepb Seddon, William Sandford, John Satterfield. Thomas SmithfCbomas Sefton the younger, Thomas Sharpe, John Spencer, John Shaw of Hulme, John Shaw of Manchefter, Stephen Sheldon, George Stirrup, John Stonehotfe, Robert Sborrocks, Jofepb Smith, John Shore, Robert Scarr, Richard Spencer, Thomas Sterndale, Thomas

Storrs,

687



48°GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

Slorrs, Matthew Shawcrofs, James Touchet, John Touchet, Peter Taylor, 'IhomasTebbutt, James Thompfon, Jofeph Turner, Joftah Twyford, Thomas Town ley, Benjamin Wilfon, Thomas Williams, Richard Walker, Edward Walk left, James Wallis, John Wadkin, John Wheeler, John Whitaker, Nicholas Whitworth, William Wilfon, Daniel Woljlenholme, Thomas Worthington, Henry Wilfon, Job Wragg, George Wardley, James Wood, and Jofeph Tates, (hall be and are hereby appointed <>mmiffiorers fur the Recovery of Small Debts within the Parifh of Manchefter, in the County Palatine of Lancafter, and the feveral Townfhips, Hamlets, and Places fituate within the fame Parifh ; and the faid Comm.ffiuners and their Succeffors are hereby conftituted a Court of Juftice by the Name of “ The Court of “ Requcfls for the Parifh of Manchefler, in the County Palatine of “ Lancafter

II.	And be it farther enafted, That the faid Commiffioners (hal! and they are hereby empowered and required to meet and hold the laid Courc weekly on every Wednefday in each Week, or oftener if there fhall be Oecaiion, in fame convenient Place within the Towns of Manchefler or Salford, to be appointed by the major Part of the faid Commiffioners for that PurpofeafTembled; and the Firft Meetingof the faid Commiffioners fhall be holden on the Sixth Wednefday next after the palling of this Aft; and the faid Commiffioners,orthemajorPartofthem, whofhall beprdent, fuchNum-ber prefer.t not being lefs thanTliree, at their Meetings, to be holden in pur-fuance of this Aft, are hereby authorized and empowered to hear and determine fuch Aftions and Caufes as are herein-after mentioned, and to give fuch Judgments, and to make fuch Orders and Decrees therein, and to award Execution thereupon, with the Cods, againft the Body or Bodies, or againlt the Goods of all and every the Prrfon or Perfons againft whom they (hall give any fuch Judgment, or make any Order or Decree, as to them fhall feem juft in Law or Equity; and in cafe of an Equality of Votes in any Action, Caufe, or Queftion before the faid Commiffioners, then and in every fuch Cafe the Commiffioner prefent who (lands firft in the Lift of Names of the faid Commiffioners (which Lift the faid Commiffioners fhall and they sre hereby required to hang Or caufe to be Iuing up in the Court or Place where the Commiffioneis meet) fhall have the drcifive or calling Vote, in the Abfence of the Barriftcr to be nominated and appointed in Manner by this Aft directed by His Majefty in Right of his Duchy of Lancafter, or by the Chancellor of the L’uchy and County Palatine of Lancafter, as a Commiffioner for the Purpofes of this Aft.

III.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for His Majefty in Right of his Duchy of lancafter, or the Chancellor of the Duchy and County Palatine cf Lancafter, to nominate and appoint a praftifing Barrifter at Law, who fhall have been called to the Bar for the Space of Six Years at the leaft, and who fhall have aftually ptaftifed as a Barrifter for the Space of Six Years at leaft as Affiftant to the faid Commiffioners, and fuch Barrifter, when fo appointed, fhall be and be deemed to be one of the faid Commiffioners, and fhall always be the Chairman to the faid Commiffioners at their feveral Meetings to be holden in purfuance of this Aft; and in cafe of any Equality°of Votes in any Aftion, Caufe, Complaint, Matter, or Thing that fhall come before

the

I

Meetings,

A Rarrifler of Six Year, (landing to be appointed.

A&J	48°	GEORG 11 III. Cap.43.

the laid Coinmiffioners, luch Chairman fliall have the decifive or calling Vote, although luch Chairman lhall have voted before : And in cafe any luch Barrilterfo nominated or appointed, or any Earthier to be nominated and appointed by virtue of this Act to be Chairman to the faid Commiffioners lhall die, reful'e, or negleft to aft, or be incapable of aft-ing as fuch Chairman, or lliall be removed from fuch Office of Chairman ; then, and in every luch Cafe it lliall and may be lawful to and for His Majelty, His Heirs or Succelfors, in Right of the faid Duchy, or the Chancellor of the laid Duchy and County Palatine for the lime being, to nominate and appoint lb me other pradiGng Barrider at Law who lhall be called to the Bar for the Space of Six Years at lead, and who ihali have actually practifed as a Barrilter for the Space of Six Years at lead as Affillant to the faid Coinniiflioners, and fo toties ' quoties ; and every Barrider fo appointed lhall have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying this Aft into Execution as the Barrider in whofe Room or Stead he flrall be fo nominated or appointed.

be TemovcJ y	be	furt^er	enafted, That it lhall and may be lawful to and for

the faid Chancellor of the faid Duchy and County Palatine to remove or difplace any fuch Barrider fo nominated or appointed from being one or the faid Commiffioners, and from fuch Office of Chairman in cafe it lliall feem right to the faid Chancellor.

in rare of Ab-	V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in cafe any fuch Barrider

“ fliall be removed or difpiaced, or lhall refign fuch Office, or lhall die, or ( otnmiuion rs be prevented from Illnefs from attending the faid Court, or lhall be un-nn>a;.. avoidably abfent in the Exerciie of his Profeffion, or at the Alhzes, Quarter Sellions, or in Attendance under any Commiffion from the Courts of Record at Wejiminjier, or as Commiffioner or Arbitrator mmed in any Aft of Parliament, then and in every fuch Cafe fuch Court lhall be holden by the faid Commiffioners; and in cafe of an Equality of Votes in any Action, Caufe, Queftion, Matter, or Thing that lhall come before the faid Commiffioners, the lenior Commiffioner in the Lid prednt lhall have the decifive or cading Vote.

providing for VI. Provided always, and be it enafted, That the faid Commiffioners AflltHng Bar-	not *n l^e Fxccut‘on °f this Aft without being fatisfied by

niter.	lpecial	Inquiry and Report of the unavoidable or other Abfence from

Home or Illnefs of fuch Barrider; and in cafe of the Abfence of fuch Barrider the faid Commiffioners Ihali and they are hereby requirqjJ to allow the Defendant or Defendants in any Caufe of Aftion for more than the Sum of Forty Shillings, to podpone the Trial of fuch Caufe or Aftion until the next Day of Attendance of luch Barrider, if fuch Defendant or Defendants lhall with fo to do; and in cafe fuch Trial lhall be fo podponed, the Clerk to the faid Commiffioners fliall and is hereby required to give Two Days Notice in Writing, both to the feveral Plaintiffs and Defendants, or left at their refpeftive lad or ufual Places of Abode of the next appointed Day of Attendance of fuch Barrider, and an Entry or Entries of all fuch Proceedings fliall be made and preferved in the Proceedings of the faid Court of Requefts.

Time of Hear- VII. And, for better regulating the Sittings of the faid Court, be it fur-mg cauiei. (her enafted, That the faid Commiffioners lhall not hold the laid Court,

*6	or

689

48® GEORG 11 III. Cap. 43.

or hear and determine any Cafe or Cafe1!, Caufe or Caufes, to be heard or determined by the faid Commiflioners by virtue of this Adl, but between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Five of the Clock in the Afternoon; and nothing in this Adi contained (hall extend or beconftrued to extend, fo as to require or compel the Attendance of anv Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, Witnels or Wir-ntffcs, in the faid Court, in purfuance of any Action or Summons itiued out of the faid Court, or by any Perfon or Pci Ions whomfoevcr adting as an Officer or Officers of the faid Court, lave and except between the faid Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Five of the Clock in the Afternoon.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enacted. That on the Decifion of each and every Adtion, Caufe, orQueflion for the Recovery of any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings in the faid Court, Three at lead of rhe Commif-fioners (hall be prtfent in Court •, and on the Decifion of each and every Adlion, Caufe, or Queftion, for the Recovery of any Sum exceeding Foity Shillings, Five at leaft of the Commiflioners fhall be prefent.

IX.	And be it further enadled. That when any of the faid Commiflioners, fave and except the faid Barrifter and the laid Jultices and other Cominilfiont-rs not herein mentioned by Name, fhall die or rcfufe to adl, or (hall ceafe to be qualified, in Manner herein diredted, to adl as a Commifliorter in the Execution of rhis Adl, then and in every fuch Cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and fur the fun iving and remaining Commiflioners adting in the Execution of this Adf, or the major Part of them prefent at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpofe, within the Space of Twenty-one Days next after Inch Deceafe or Refufal to adf, or ceafing to be qualified, (hall happen to be known, or fo foon after as conveniently may be, to eledt and appoint one other Commiflioner in the Room and Stead of every fuch Commiflioner fo dying, or letufing to adl, or ceafing ro be fo qualified; arfd Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of Meeting for every fuch Eledtion, and of the Purpole thereof, (hall be given by the Clerk ro each of the faid Commiflioners, or left at their lalt or ufual Places of Abode, and fuch Notice lhall all'o be affixed on the Door of the faid Court Houfe Fourteen Days at leaft before fuch Meeting fhall be holden; and every fuch Commiflioner fo eledted lhall have the like Powers and Aothorities for carrying this Adl into Execution, and fhall befubjedt and liable to the fame Rules, Regulations, and Reftridlions, as fully and effedlually, to all Intents and Purpoles whatfoever, as if he had been particularly named herein as a Commiflioner.

X.	And be it further enadled, That no Perfon fhall be capable of adling as a Commiflioner in the Execution of this Acl (lave and except in admi-niftering the Oath herein contained to the other Commiflioners) until he (hall have taken an Oath to the Effedl following; that is to fay,

4	| A. E. do fwear [cr, being one of the People called Quakers, do fo. * lemnly affirm, according to the Form in that Cafe made and provided]

‘ That I will faithfully, honeftly, and impartially, according to the bed of 4 my Skill and Judgment, hear and determine fuch Matters and Things ILoc. IQ Per.] ~	8	Af	«	as

Three Com-roiffioners for Sums not exceeding 40s. and Fi*e Com-miiTioncra forSumsabove 40s.

Choice of new

Commiffion-

era.

CommWTi oners to be fivorn.

690

QtiiliRcation •f Commil-tioncri.

Commiflion-crs required to qualify within a eertam Period.

48* GEORG 11 III. Cap. 43.

‘ as fhall be brought, before me, by virtue of an Act, made in theForty-‘ eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An Afl * Mere fet forth the Tide of this Ail~\ without Favour or Affettion,

‘ Piejudice or Malice, to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever ; and alfo ‘ that I am a Houleholdi r within the Jurifdidion of the Did Court,

‘ and that I am poffeffed of a Real Ellate of the- annual Value of ‘ Forty Pounds, or of a Perfonal Ellate of the Value of One tboufand 1 Pounds above all Charges or Incumbrances whacloever.

‘ So help me GOD.’

Which Oath or Affirmation the faid Commiffioners, or any One or more of them, is and are hereby empowered and squired to adminifter in open Court; and caeh and every fitch Commiffioner ffiall and he is hereby required (after taking the laid Oath or Affirmation) to fign and fublrribe his Name upon a Roll or Rolls of Parchment to be provided for that Purpole, with the laid Oath or Affirmation written or prinred therein ; and fuch Roll or Rolls lliall be carefully kept amongll the Records of the faid Court.

XI.	And be it further enafted, That no Perfon ffiall be qualified to ad as a Commiffioner in the Execution of this Aft, unlefs he lhall at the Time of afting be a Houfcholder within the Jurifdidion of the laid Courr, and foiled of a R eal Ellate of the annual Value of Forty Pounds, or peffiffed of a Perfonal Ellate of the Value of One thouland Pounds above all Charges and Incumbrances whatfoever; and if any Perfon not being qualified as atorefaid (hall prefume to aft as a Commiffioner in the Execution of this A6t, every fuch Perfon lhall for every fuch Offence (over and above anv Pumffiment that he may be lubjeft and liable to lor wilful and corrupt Perjury) forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, together with full Celts of Suir, to any Perfon or Perfons who ffiall fuc for the fame ; to be recovered in any of His Majcfty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, by Aftion of Debt or on the Calc, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Effoign, Proteftion, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance (hall be allowed ■, and in every fuch Aftion, Bill, Plaint, or Infoima ion, the Proof of fuch Qualification lhall lie on the Defendant, and it ffiall be fufficientfor the Plaintiff or Prolecutor to prove that the Perfon io fued or prolecuted had afted as a Commiffioner in the Execution of this Aft: Provided neverthelefs, that all Judgments, Orders, Decree?, Afts, and Proceedings of ail and every Perfon and Perfons afting as a Commiffioner or Commiffioners in the Execution of this Aft, though not duly quaiifird as aforefaid, previous to his or their being convifted of fuch Offence, lhall notwiihllanding fuch Conviction be as valid and tffcftual as if fuch Pcifon or PeiLns had teen duly qualified according to the Diredlions of this Aft.

Xu. And be it further enafted. That if any Commiffioner named or appointed by viitue of this Aft lhall negkft or refufe to qualify himfelf for afting as a Commiffioner in the Execution of this Aft by taking and fubferibing tfie Oath hert in-before mentioned within Two Years from the palling of this Aft, or if any Perfon hereafter to be elected and chofen a Commiffioner lliall negleft or refufe to qualify himl'rlf for afting in the Execution of this Aft within Two Years next aifter he lhall have been fo

elected

6gi

48* GEORG 11 III. Cap.43.

elcfted and chofen, foch Comm (Tuner foncgleftingor refuting (hall from thenceforth be disqualified, and be incapable of. aftirrg as a Commiffioner in the Execution of this Aft; and it (hall be lawful for the remaining Commiffioners, or the major Part of them prelent at a Meeting to be convened as herein-before direfted, from Time to Time to eleft one other Perfon to be a Commiffioner in the Room of every Perlon fo neglrfting or refuting to qualify or ad as lad aforclaid ; and if any Perfon fo negleding or refuiing to qualify or ad (hall prefume to ad contrary to the Intent and Meaning hereof, every Perfon fo offending in each of the Cafes aforefaid, (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the like Sum as is herein-before direded to be forfeited in cafe of any Perfon prefuming to ad not being qualified ; to be recovered, paid, and applied in like IV'fanner as fuch Forfeiture or Penalty herein-before mentioned is direded to be recovered, paid, and applied.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enaded. That if any Perfon cJ^irgdir-fo becoming difqualified (hall at any Time thereafter be defirous of being qualified may re-eleded on any lubfequent Vacancy, it fhdl be lawful for the Com-“v"tl^f’(1 miffioners for'thc Time being again to rt-eled and chufe him to be a Com- Commiilicm-miflioner, fubjrd neverthelefs to the fcveral Rtft ictons aforefaid.	-ers-

XIV. And whereas His MjeftyinRight ofhisDuchy cf Lancaster is Lord of the Wapentake or Hundred of Salford in the faid County Palatine of Lancaster, and holds a Wapentake Court for the Recovery ot Debts under ■> the Sum of Forty Shillings, the Jurifdidi°n of which extends over the laid Hundred, and includes the fai I Parifh of Manchester : And whereas the Right Honourable IViltinm Philip Earl Scftun, by virtue of Letters Patent under the Seals of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster,is entitled as Tenant in Tail Male to the Office of Steward of the faid Wapentake Court:

And whereas Sir Ofwald Mo/ley Baronet, as Lord of the Manor of Manchester, holds a Court Baron for the Recovery t ( Debts under Forty Shillings, the Jurifdidion of which extends over the Townfhip of Manchester; be it therefore enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and fur the faid William Philip Earl Sefton and the faid Sir Ofvsa 'd Mo/ley, and they are hereby refpeftively authorized and lequiicd, wiihin Thirty Days from and after the paffing of this Aft, to nominate and appoint, each of them under their relpeftive Hands, one Clerk, one Serjeant, and one Half of the other neceffary Officers of the faid Court of Requefts, to continue during the Plealure of the Perfon or Pcrfuns cm,tied for the Time being to appoint luch Officer or Officers and no ionger •, and that when and li» often as it fhall happen that the Office of Clerk, Setjeanr, or other Officer or Officers appointed by the faid William Philip Earl Sefton, fhall become vacant, then that the faid TVilliahi Philip Earl Sefton, or the Perfon entitled to the Office of Steward of the faid Wapentake Court under the faid Letters Patent for the Time being, and in Failure of any Perfon fo entitled from the Extir.ftionof the faid Eftate in Tail-male, then that the Chancellor of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lancafler for the Time beinglffiall, and they are hereby refpeftivcly authorized and required within Thirty Days after fuch Vacancy fhall happen, to nominate and appoint, under their Hands refpeftively, another fit and proper Perlon to be Clerk or Seijeant, or other Officer or Officers of and for the faid Courtof

Requefts j

692

48° GEORGII III. Cap.43.

Requells; and in cafe cf the Death, Refignation, or Removal of any Clerk, Serjeant, or other Officer nominated and appointed by the faid Sir OJivald Mojley, or the Lord or Lady of the Manor of Manchejler for the Time being, he or (he is hereby authorized and required withinThiny Days after any luchVacancy,to nominate and appoint under his or her Hand, another fit and proper Perfon to be Clerk or Serjeant, or other Officer of and for tile faid Court of Requtfts during Pleafure and no longer: Provided always, that the faid Officer or Officers fo to he nominated and appointed by the laid IVilliam Philip Earl Sefton, or by any 1'erlon entitled from Time to 1 ime to fiil up a Vacancy in fuch Office, in his Right, or in Right of the laid Duchy, (hall have, receive, and be entitled to Two-third Parts of the Fees and Rewards payable to and received by fuch Officer or Officers by virtue of this Aft; and that the faid Officer or Officers, lo to be nominated and appointed by the faid Sir OJwald Mojley, or the Lord or Lady of the Manor of Manchejler (hall be entitled to have and receive the remaining One-third Part of luch Fees and Rewards: And for the better Regulation of the Divifion and Receipt of fuch Fees and Rewards by the faid Officers, and of the Labour and Services which each of them (hould perform, according to the faid Proportion of their Fees and Rewards, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners or any Five or more of them aflembled as aforefaid, and they are hereby required to ratify and confitm any Agreement or Agreements to be made by the faid Officers, or any of them, in refpeft of their faid Offices, and to make any Order or O ders refpefting the fame from Time to Time, as they (hall think reafonable; and in cafe of any DiLgreement of or amongft the faid Officers, or any of them, refpefting the (aid Fees or Rewards, or the Divifion of their refpeftive Labour and Services in the Proportion afbrelaid, then it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, or any Five or more of them, afiembled as aforefaid, and they are hereby required, after hearing and examining into the refpeftive Allegations and Claims, or other Mattels in Difpute amongft fuch Officers refpechvely, to make any Rules and Regulations as to the Time and Manner in which the faid Officers to be appointed as aforefaid (hall refpeftively exercife their refpeftive Offices, always having juft Regard to the faid Proportion in which they are to divide the Fees and Rewards of their refpeftive Offices eftabliftied as aforefaid ; and that all fuch Agreements, Rules, and Orders of the faid Commiffioners fo to be made as aforefaid, lhall be entered in the Books and Proceedings of the faid Commiffioners, and lhall be binding and conclufive upon the faid Officers, and lhall be obferved by them and every of them at all Times: Provided alio, that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Commiffioners of the faid C iurt of Requcfts, or any Five or more of them afiembled as aforefaid, to appoint any fuch Officers to do the Bufinefs of the faid Court until fuch refpeftive Nominations and Appointments ffiall from Time to Time be made as aforefaid, and all Perlons fo appointed by the faid Commiffioners, or any Five ot them, (hall be and be deemed to be (during luch Time as they (hall re-fpeftively acl) Officers under this Aft to all Intents and Purpoles whatsoever, and entitled to all the Advantages and Emoluments fpecified in this Aft, and fubjtft to Removal from their refpeftive Offices by the faid Commiffioners, or any Five of them, in cafe of Mftbehaviour orNegleft of Duty.

XV. Pro-

4^* GEORG 11 III. Gup, 43.

XV.	Provided alwayi, That no Perfon or Performs who fliall keep any Victualling Houfe, Alehoule, or any Public Houfe of Enrertainment, or who fliall lei I any Wine, Cider, Beer, Spirituous or other Strong Liquors by Retail, fliall be capable of afting as a Commiffioner or holding the Office of Clerk or any other Place Of Profic belonging to the faid Court 1 and that no Perfon nominated a Comtuiflioner fliall be capable of acting as a Commiffioner during the Time he (ball remain Clerk of the faid Court.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That it fliall and may be lawful to and

for the faid refpective Clerks of the faid Court of Requrfts for the Time pu?j°e4. being, to nominate One or more lufficient Deputy or Deputies to aft for him or them refpeftively in the Office of Clerk of the faid Court of lle-quefts j which Deputy or Deputies, in the Abfence of the laid Clerk or Clerks refpeftively, fliall have the fame Authority as if the Clerk was himfelf perfonally prefent, and fhali from Time to Time be dilpliceable and rernoveable, and fliall accordingly be difplaced and be removed, at the Will and Pleafure of the faid Clerk or Clerks refpt ftively of the faid Court of Requefls for the Time being; and fuch Clerks refptftively, or their relpeftive Deputies is and are hereby empowered and required to iflue all Summonfes, Warrants,'and Precept1, and to regifter all Orders,

Decrees, and Judgments of the faid Court, and do all fuch Afts, Matters, and Things, as are dirrfted or required to be done by the faid Clerk, by viitue of this Add, and (hall enter and regifler, or caufe to be entered and regiftcred, in proper Books, to be kept for that Purpofe, all the Acts and Pioceedings ot the faid Court of what Nature or Kind f ever: Provided neverthelcfs, that the relpeftive Clerks of the faid Court fliall be anfwerable or accountable for all Afts, Receipts, Matters, and Things to be done, received, or tianDftcd by their refptftive Deputies.

XVII.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe of the'Nenltft orRefulal of the laid Commiflioners, a ftifficient Number of the faid Commiflioners fhali not be prefent to aft in the Execution of this Act as is herein directed on any of the Days appointed for holding of the faid Courf, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhali and may be lawrul to and for any of the faid Commiflioners who fliall be prefent, and if no Commiffioner fhali be prefent, it fhail and may be lawful to and for ihc faid Clerk or his Deputy for the Time being, to adjourn the Did Court to the next Wednefday or fume earlier Day.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That the Clerk and Cryerof the faid Court fhali do and perform in their refpective Offices, as they fhali be directed or appointed by the laid Commiflioners ; and the feveral Serjeants of the faid Court fhali ferve all Summonlrs, and execute fuch Orders,

Warrants, and Precepts, and do and perform all fuch other Acts, Matters, and filings as may be required to be done by tnem refpcctively by virtue of this Act.

XIX.	And be ic further enacted, That if any fuch Clerk, Deputy Clerk, Displacing Serjeant, Cryer, or other Officer fliall be guiity of any Mifbehavicur °fficcisf“r either by Neglect or Breach of Duty, or in taking greater Fees than are Ml!c01lclu,:,■ by this Aft allowed to be taken, or otherwife, in the Difcharge of their

[Loc. Ss5 Per.]	8	N	repeClivc

Clerk, Cryer,

andSerjeanr to

execute their Offices,

C’erk may adjourn the Court if Com* milhoners do not attend.

693

No Victualler nor Commit fionerto act as Clerk.

694	4^°	GE	0RGI1	III.	Cap.	43.

rdpective Offices, upon Complaint and due Proof thereof made upon Oath in open Court, (which Oath the faid Commiffiontrs are hereby authorized to adminifter), the faid Commiffioners of the faid Court then fitting ffiall and they are hereby dirtcied and required to enquire into the Nature of the faid Complaint, and if it (hail appear to be well founded, then fuch Commiffioners, or the major Part ot them fo fitting in Courc as aforefaid, are hereby directed and required to caufe the whole Number of Commiffioners of the faid Court rcfiding within the Jurifdiction of the faid Court to be fummoned to meet at a convenient Time and Place, which Meeting lhall be holden not fooner than Fourteen Days nor more than Thirty Days after fuch Summons ; and of which Meeting Twenty-one Days Notice in Writing ffiall be given to the Pcrfon or Perfons refpectivtly for the Time being authorized to appoint an Officer in the Place of the Party fo complained of, fpccifjingin fuch Notice the Time and Place of fuch Meeting, and the Caufe of Complaint; and the faid Commiffioners at fuch Meeting, or the major Part of them prefent, ffiall and may examine and confider the Merits of fuch Complaint, and if it ffiall appear to fuch Commiffioners of the faid Court, or the major Part of them, upon due Examination of Witnefies upon Oath (which Oath the faid Commil-fioners are hereby authorized to adminifter), or by other legal Evidence, that the faid Clerk, Deputy Clerk, Serjeani, Cryer, or other Officer hath or have been guilty of iuch Miffiehaviour or Breach of Duty as aforelaid in his or their Office or Offices, then and in every fuch Cafe it ffiall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners of the faid Court, or the major Part of them, to fufpend, difmifs, or remove fuch Clerk, Deputy Clerk, Serjeant, Cryer, or other Officer, from his or their Office or Offices.

ttToite'r'their8	be	further	enacted, That the faid Commiffioners ffiall and

Proceedings, they are hereby required to make, or caufe to be made, fair and and Iuch En- regular Entries in a Book or Books to be provided by them for deme? C " that Purpofe, of all the Judgments, Adts, Orders, Directions, Regulations and Proceedings of them the faid Commiffioners relative to the Execution of the feveral Powers and Authorities veiled in them by this Adt, and alfo of the Names of the Commiffioners who lhall be prefent at their refpedtive Meetings t and fuch Entries ffiall be figned by the Chairman of each refpedtive Meeting; and fuch Entries when fo figned, and fuch Book and Books, fhall be allowed to be read in Evidence, in Proof of the Proceedings of fuch Court in all Coons what-foever.

XXI.	And be it further enacted, That it ffiall be lawful for the laid Com-miiTioners, and they are htreby enabled to decide and determine all Deputes and Differences between Party and Party for any Sum r.ot exceeding Five Pounds in all Adtions or Caules of Debt, whether fuch Debt ffiall arjfe from any Bond, Bill, or Specialty, for the Payment of Money only, or any Promiffory Note or Inland Bill of Exchange, or Lr Rent upon Leafes, Articles, Minutes, and in all Caules of Affumpfit and Iiiffinul Computaffet, and in all Caufes or Actions of Trover and Con-verfion, and in all Caufes or Returns founded on a Quantum Merui', and

What Dcbtr may be dtei-ded by the Cominil-fioners.

48° GEORGII HI. Cap.43.	695

in all Caufcs or Actions of Trefpafs or Detinue for Goods and Chattels taken or detained.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That nothing in this Aft To what contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to as to enable the faid Commiffioners to determine the Right or Title to any Lands, Tenements, tend-or Hereditaments, or Real Eftates whatfot-vcr; or to judge, determine, or decide on any Debt where the Title cf the Freehold or Leafe for Years of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Chattels Real whatfoever fhall be brought or come into queft:on, nor to any Debt for any Sum being the Balance of an Account on Demand originally exceeding Five Pounds, or to judge, deteimine, or decide on any Debt that fhall arffe by reafon cf the Occupation o! Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fituate elfewhere than in the faid Parifh of Manchester •, or by reafon of any Caufe concerning Ttftament or Matrimony, or any Thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclefiaftical Courr, or for or concerning any Agreement by Way of Comp Tition for or by Way of Retainer of Tythes, nor to any Debt for any Money or Thing won at or by means of any Horl'e Race, Cock Match, Wager, or any Kind of Gaming or Play; any Thing in this Aft contained to the contrary not-withflanding.

XXIII.	Ar.d he it further enafted, That nothing herein contained fhall Atfions not extend, or be confirm'd to extend, fo as id enable any Plaintiff to fplic or t» belt-lit. divide any Caufe or Aftion for the Recovety ol any Debt where the whole

Sum which fhall appear to be due and owing fhall exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, in order that the fame may be made the Ground of Two or mote Caufes or Aftions, for the Purpofe of bunging fuch Caufes or Aftions within the Jurifdiftion of the laid Clurt; and in cafe it (hall appear to the faid Commiffioners that any Plaintiff (hall have fa fplit or divided his or her Caufe or Aftion as afortfaid, then and in evtry fuch Cafe the faid Commiffioners lhall and they are hereby required to difnils withCofts every fuch Caufe or Aftion lo fplit or divided, but luch DifmilLl (hall not hinder or prevent fuch Plaintiff from proceeding for the Recovery of his or her Debt in any of His Majeft>’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or in fuch other Manner as he or (he may lawfully proceed.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That in cafe any Plaintiff, But Action who lhall have lo fplit or divided fuch his or her Caufe or Aftion fhall be n]ay be- fplit if willing to accept fuch Sum of Money as the faid Court is in and by this

Aft enabled to adjudge, decree, and pronounce in full of the Whole of his C:ive ‘be Sum or her Demand in luch Caufe or Action lo fplit or divided, then and in |° fuiuTnlu''1 every fuch Cafe the faid Comm ffioners lhall and may adjudge, decree, Uemandi. and pronounce, en fuch Plaintiff proving his or her Caufe or Cafe to the Satisfaction of the faid Commiffioners, fuch Sum to the Plaintiff, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, as to the laid Commiffioners fhall feem juft and reafonable, and fuch Sum lhall in the Judgment or Decree to be pronounced by the faid Commiffioners be dtclared to be and fhall be in full Difcharge of all Demands from the Defendant to the Plaintiff in fuch Cauleor Cale fo fplit or divided.

!XXV. And,

696

For fummon-ii>S the Com-uiiHion;rs.

Commidio'i-er> nny act altnough not lummoned.

CommilTion-ers may fum-mon Debtor? and make OrJer> for Payment of Debts.

48° GEORGII III. Cap,43.

XXV.	And, to the Intent that no undue Preference may be made and given in fummoning the laid Commiflioners appointed or to be appointed in pur-fuance of this Aft, to attend the laid Court; be it further cnafted. That the Serjeant or Serjeants of the faid Court for the Time being, to be no-niinated and appointed by virtue of this Aft, fhal] be and he ant! they is and are hereby tequired to fummon in each and eyery Week, by Notice in Writing to be left at the refpeftive Lift or ufual Places of Abode of the Commiflioners to be fo fummoned. Ten of the Commiflioners to attend the faid Court as Commiflioners for the Week next enfuing ; and the firft Ten C immiflionrrs to be fummoned fhall be the Ten Commiflioners whoie Names lhall lbnd fhft upon the Lift hereby direfted to be hungup in the Court or Meeting Place of the faid Co.mmiflioners; and the next Ten Commiflioners to be fo fummoned fhall be the FivcCommiflioners whofe Names lhall (land next in fuch Lift; and the Five laft Commit Doners *ho were fummoned to attend the lad preceding Court, and fo in like Manner Ten Commiflioners lhall be fummoned for each enfuing Week, in Order and Rotation, until fuch Lift fhall be gone through, and then fuch Lift fhall begone through again.

XXVI.	Provided always, and beit enafted. That nothing herein contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend fo as to exclude any of the Lid Commiflioners for the Time being from fitting in the faid Court, although fuch Commiflioners fhall not have been fummoned, or ffand in Rotation to be fummoned ; but that each and every fuch Commiflioner, if he fhall think fit lo to do, fhall and may fit and hear and afiift in determin.ng, giving Judgement, and making Orders and Decrees in the faid Court, and fhall have the like Powers and Authorities as any Commiflioner fo fummontd as aforefaid, any Thing herein-betore contained to tbc contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

XXVII.	And be it further enafted. That from and after the Firft Meeting of the laid Commiflioners, it fhall and may be lawful to and far any Perfon or Perfons (in cafe fuch Perlon or Perfons (hall refide within the Jurifdiftion of the laid Court) having any Debt or Debts, (fave and except as herein excepted) not exceeding the Value of Five Pounds, due or owing or belonging to him, her, or them in his, her, or their own Right, or in the Right of any other Perlon or Perfons, or as Executor or Atimi-niftrator, Guardian, Aflignee, or Truftee to any Perfon or Perfons, or due, owing, or payable to him as Colleftor of any Kates or Taxes, or as Clerk or other Officer to any Club or Friendly Society duly a flu cu ted and conftituted by the Statutes in that cafe made and provided, or in any other Manner whatsoever, which thefaid Commiflioners by this Aft are enabled to judge and determine, and not exprcfsly prohibited by this Aft, by or from any other Perlon or Perlons whaefotver inhabiting and refiding within the faid Parifh, or keeping and ufing any Hpufe, Warehoqfc, Wharf, Quay, Lodging, Shop, Sited, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing or working, or generally ufing and frequenting the Markets there as a Deafer; or feeking a Livelihood, to apply to the Clerk of the Court for iheTitnc being, or his Deputy, who fhall immediately make out and deliver to One of the Serjeants of the laid Court for the Time being, a Summons in Writing, under the Hand of the laid Clerk, dirtfted to fuch

P*	^	isajDcbtuf

697

48°GEORGII HI. Cap. 43.

Debtor or Debtors, expreflipg the Sum demanded of him, her, or them, and dating the Particulars of fuch Demand or Caufe of Aftion, together with the Name of the Party demanding the fame, and requiring him, her, or them to appear at a certain l ime and Place to be mentioned in fuch Summons before the Commiflioners of the faid Court to anlwer fuch Demands, and fuch Serjeant (hall forthwith ferve, or caufe fuch Sumnhons to be ferved on fuch Dtbcor or Debtors, either perfonally, or by leaving the fame with his, her, or their Servant, or other Perfon belonging to him, her, or them, or at the Dwelling-houfe, Warehoufe, Wharf, Quay, Lodging, Place of Abode, Shop, Shed, S ail, Stand, or other Place of dealing of fuch Debtor or Debtors, fuch Summons in all Cafes being ferved within the Jurifdiftion of the fiid Court; and upon due Proof made of fuch Summons having been duly ferved in Manner aforefaid, the faid Commiflioners prefent in Court, fuch Number prefent not being lefs than by this Aft direfted, are hereby required and empowered to make due Enquiry concerning fuch Demands or Plaints, and make (uch Orders therein, and pafs fuch Sentence and Judgment thereupon, and award fuch reafonable Cofts of Suit, as to them (hall feem right and proper, confident with the Rules and Regulations in this Aft contained.

XXVIII.	And, for the better Difccvery of the Truth, and more folemn Determination of the Matters and Caufes which (hall be depending in the faid Court, be it further enadled. That ir (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners prefent in the faid Court to adminifter. an Oath or Oaths or Affirmation or Affirmations to any Officer of the faid Court, or to any Party or Parties whom they the faid Commiflioners (hall think proper to (xamine, tourhing the Matter then in queftion, and alfo to fuch Witnefs or Witneffes as /hall be produced by each Party, and alfo to any other Perfon or Pcrfons whole Evidence fh.ill feem neceflfary towards the hearing or determining any of the faid Caufes or Actions, or making an Order or Decree therein, or for any other Purpol'e requiflte for the better Execution of this Aft.

XXIX.	And be it further enafted. That no Evidence Ihall be permitted to be given by the Plaintiff on the Trial of any fuch Caufe or Aftion as aforefaid, or of any Caufe of Aftion, except fuch as is ftated in the faid Summons hereby direfted to be given, nor fhall any Evidence be admitted on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants on the Trial of fuch Gaqle or Aftion of any Demand he, (he, or they may have on the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in the Nature of a Set-off, to leffen or difeharge himfclf, herfelf, or themfelves from fuch Demand or Caule of Aftion, unlefs Notice thereof in Writing has been given to the laid Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, by perfonal Service, or by leaving it at his, her, or their Dwelling-houfe, Warehoufe, Wharf, Quay, Lodging, Place of Abode, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing, trading, or woikiog, previous to the Day when fuch Matter or Caufe Ihall be heard or tried.

XXX.	And be it further enafted, That if any Debtor orDebtors, who fhall have been duly fummoned as aforefaid, (hall not appear .either inPerfop, or by his, her, or their Agent, orfome other Perfon on his, her, or their Behalf, before the faid Court at the Time and Place mentioned in the Lid

[Loc. b5 Per.']	8	0	Summons,

Commifliofl-

ers may ad*

miitifter

Oaths.

No Evidence to be given by Plaintiff' beyond the Matter of the Summons, See.

If f)ebtor Joes n--t appear Judgment may be given.

698	48*GEORGII	III.	Cty.43.

Summons, then and in e ery fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to arid for the faid ComrT'iffi<>neis a Rem bled in the faid Court, after Proof made upon Oath of the Service of the faid Summons in Manner aforelaid, to hear the Caufe on the Part of the Piain';flf or Plaintiffs ottlyj and to make fuch Order, Decree, or Judgment therein, and to award fuch reafonable Coils of Suit as to them fhall feem fight and proper, confident with the Rules and Regulations in this Ad contained.

XXXI.	And be it further enadeil, That if upon any Day of the Return of any Summons iffued on the Behalf of any PlaintifF or Plaintiffs, or at any Continuation or Adjournment of the faid Court, or of the Caufe or on Account of which Suit, Summons fhall have been iffued, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhall not appear, either in Perfon or by his, her, or their Agent, or fome other Pcrlon on his, her, or their Behalf, or appearing fhall not make Proof of his, her, or their Demands, to the Satisfadion of the faio Courr, but fhall become nonfuiied, or Judgment fhall be pronounced againlt him, her, or them by the faid Court, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners prefent in Court, and they are hereby required to award to the Defendant or Defend ants fuch realon-able Coffs, and fuch reafonable Satisfadion for his, her, or their Trouofe and Attendance, as they the faid Commifli >ncrs in their Difcretion fhall thick fir, and to order and compel the Plaintiff or Pla.ntifts to pay the fame, by fuch Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of Debts ordered or decreed by the faid Court.

Commifllon. XXXII. And be it further enaded. That in any Caufe, Adion, or Cafe er* may award where the faid Commiflioners fhall have made an Order or Decree, tor again ft'the	the Payment of Money, it (hall and may	he lawful to and for the	faid

Body or	Commiflioners prefent	in Court to award	Execution, either againft	the

G°ods. Body or Goods of the Party againft whom fuch Order or Decree fhall be made, and thereupon it lhall and may be lawful to and for the proper Officer of the faid Courr, at the Prayer of the Party protecting fuch Order or Decree for the Payment of Money, to ifl'ue a Precepc under his Hand and Seal by way of Capias ad Satisfaciendum, or Fieri Faci..s. to One of the Serjeants of the faid Court, who by virtue of luch Precept, iffued upon Execution	awarded againft the	B dy of luch Party, fhall	and

may and he is hereby	empowered to take	fuch Party, being within	the

Jurilclidlion of the faid Court, ami carry him, her, or them to the common Gaol of the faid County Palatine of Lancajier, there to remain until he, ft'.e, or they fhall perform and obey fuch Order, Decree, or Judgment for the Space of Time herein in that Behalf particularly directed ; and in cafe any fuch Precept fhall be iffued upon bxccution againft the Goods and Chattels of fuch Party, fuch Serjeanr b all and may, and he is hereby empowered to levy by Diftrefsand Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Party, being within the Jurtl-didtion of the faid Court, fuch Sum or Sums of Money and Cofls as fhall be fo ordered, decreed, or adjudged ; and if the Party againft whofe Body or Bodies any fuch Execution fhall be awarded, and Proccls thereupon fhall iffue, (hall by ablcortding, or by iVcreting or removing his, her, or their Goods br Chattels',' or by any other Means prevencor evade the Service cr EfFeft of any fuch Execution, it fhall and may be '	-	'	t	'	A	1	lawful

If Plaintiff does not appear Defend, ant to have Coffs.

480 GEORG 11 III. Cap. 43,	699

lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners prcfent in the faid Coutt, upon due Proof made thereof before them by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffcs, at their Difcretion to award further Execution either againft the Body or Go-ds and Chattels of fuch Party, and Piocefs (hall iffue thereupon and be ferved by One of the Serjeants of the faid Court in Manner aforelaid, until the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhali be fully paid and fatnfied, and it fliall and may be lawful to and fur the faid Cutnmilfioners from Time to Time, in cafe they (hall think fir, for the Eafe andConvenier.ee of the Defendant or Defendants ^and they are hereby authorized and empowered) to order, decree, or adjudge any Debt due to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to be paid by feveral Payments or Inftallments, and under fuch Terms and Conditions as may appear reafon-able and juft to them the faid CommifGonetsfor the Eafe of the Defendant nr Defendants, and the Security of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners prefent in Court, in cafe any Default or Failure of any fuch Payments or Inftalments fo ordered, decreed, adjudged, and diiedled, (hall afterwards be made, and thev are hereby authorized and empowered, at the Inftanceof the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and upon due Proof of the laid Default or Failure, to award Execution againft the faid Defendant or Defendants or againft any other Perfon orPerfons who may have given Security to the faid Plaintiff or Plaintiffs under the Directions of the faid Commiffioners for the Payment of fuch Payments or Inftalments in Manner aforefaid for the whole Debt, or fuch Part thereof as fliall then remain unpaid, together with fuch further Cofts as to them fliall feem juft and realonable, and fuch Debt or fuch Part thereof, and fuch further Cofts fliall be recovered by the fame Ways and Means as are heitin provided for the Recovery of the Debt and Cofts firft decreed.

XXXIII.	And, asit may happen thatPerfons ferved with Procefs iffuing out R-'r0™5 of of the faid Courc of Requefts may, in order to avoid Execution, remove miybc "e-their Perfons and Effedls beyond the Limits of the Junfdidtion of the into faid Court; be.it therefore enacted. That in all Cafes where a final De- [nd'wnffoT* crec or Judgment for any Sum or Sums exceeding Ten Shillings fliall Eexcution have been obtained in the faid Courr, it fliall and may be lawful to ifTue‘1, and for any ofHis M-jefty’s Courts of Record at Westminster or for the Court of Common PUas for the faid County Palatine of Lancaster, upon Affidavit made and filed of fuch Decree or Judgment being obtained, and of diligent Search and Enquiry having been made after the Perfon or Per-fans of the Defendant or Defendants, cr his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, and of the Precept of Execution having iflued againft the Perfon or Perfons or Effedls, as the Cafe may be, of the Defendant or Defendants, and that the Perfon or Perfons, Goods and Chattels of fuch Defendant or Defendants is cr are not to be found within the Jurifdidtion of the faid Court, which Affidavit may be made before a Judge or Commiffioner authorized to take Affidavit', and it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch luperior Courc to caufe the Record of the faid Decree or Judgment to be removed into fuch fuperior Court, and to iffue Writs of Execution thereupon to the Sheriff of any County, City, Liberty, or-Place, againft the Perfon or Perfons or Effedls of the Defendant or Defendants in the fame Manner as upon Judgment obtained in the faid Courts at Weftminjler

7	or

700

Clerk to in-<lc,rle Debt a mi Colts on tit* Precept.

Proceft not to iffue againft Body and Goode.

Commifli oners may luf-p:n:l Proceedings in Cafes ofSicknefs, of Defendant, or Inability to pay.

48° GEORGII III. Cap.43.

or Court of Common Pleas at Lancaster ; and the Sheriff upon every fuch

Execution {hall and he is hereby authorized to detain the Defendant or Defendants until the Sum of Ten Shillings be paid to him in cafe fuch Execution fhall be ilTued for any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, or until the Sum of Twenty Shillings be paid to him in cafe fuch Execution fhall be for any Sum exceeding Forty Shillings, or to levy the fame Sums refpe£tively out of trie Effcfts, according to the Nature of the Execution, for the extraordinary Cofts of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in the faid Court fubfequent to the faid Decree or Judgment and of the Execution in the fupetior Court, over and above the Money for which l'uch Execution fhall be iffued.

XXXIV.	And be it further enafted. That upon each and every Precept to be iffued upon Execution awarded agamft the Bady or Goods and Chattels of any Peifon or Perfons whom'oever, the Cleik of the faid Court fhill indorfe, or caufr to be indorfed, the Sum or Sums of Money, and the Cofts fo ordered, decreed, and adjudged, and if the Party or Parries againft whom fuch Execution (hall be awarded re/pedlively, fhall before any aftual Sale of the Goods ai d Chattels, or before he, fhe, or they, is or are apprehended, or before the Expiration of the Term of his, her, or their Imprifonmcnt as herein mentioned, pay or caufe to be paid or ten-dered unto the Clerk of the faid Court fuch Sum or Sums of Money and Cofts, together with the Fee or Fees herein directed to be paid to the Clerk as a Compenfation for his Trouble in receiving the fame, and in entering an Acknowledgement and Satisfaction in full for fuch Sum or Sums of Money and Colls, then and in every fu-h Cafe the Execution fhall be fuperfeded, and the Body or Goods and Chattels of the faid Party or Parties fhall be difeharged and let at Liberty.

XXXV.	And be it further enadled. That it (hallnot be lawful to or for the faid Commiffioners to iffue any Procefs againft the Body or Bodies of any Perfon or Perfons in any Cafe or Cafes where the Party entitled to the Benefit of any Order, Judgment, or Decree, fhall at the fame Time have obtained any Warrant or Procefs againft the Goods and Chattels of the lame Perfon or Perlons.

XXXVI.	And be it further er.a&ed. That incafe it (ball at any Time, during the Hearing of any Caufe in the laid Court, appear bv the Oath of any Perfon or Perfons, to the Satisfaction of the major Part of the Commil-fioners prefent at the Court at which fuch Caufe lhall be heard, that luch Debtor or Debtors is or are unable, from Skkneis or unavoidable Accident, to pay and difeharge the Debt or Debts for which he, fhe, or they fhall have been fo fummoned, then it fhall and may be lawful to and for the major Parc of the faid Commiffioners affembled at any fuch Court or Courts as aforefaid, if they fhall think it reafonable or neceffary to fufpend hr fuperfede the Proceedings in fuch Caufe, until it fhall upon like Proof ds aforefaid appear to the Court thatiuch Debtor or Debtors fhall be able to pay fuch Debt or Debts j and then to proceed again in Manner aforefaid; any Thing htfr'ein contained to the cOhtrary nbrwi:hftamiing.

XXXVII. And

48° GEORG II III. Cap. 43.

XXXVil. And he it further enabled. That the Keeper nr Keepers ft r the Time being <>f the Common Gaol ot the laid County Palatine cf I.aii-coJltr[hall and m »y, and they are hereby require ! to rc<e vc and take into tne.r Cuft. d) tcfpeftively all and every Pe. Ion or Perfons who fhall be committed or ordered to Hand committed by the faid Cxnnrflioners, or any Three or more of them piefent in Court; and in cafe the Keeper or Keep rs of the fai i Gaol fhall r\-gleft or iefufe to receive anti take into his 01 their Cultody any Pet Ion or Perfons committed by virtue of this Aft, or fhiil, before the Expiration of the Time fur which any Perfon or Perlohs fhall be committed to hi? or thei-Cufl >dy, difeha'gc fuch Perfon cr Perfons out of his or their Cuftbdy, and wilfully fuller fuch Peifon or Perfons to go at large without a Wariant orOrtlerfor that Purpole in Writing figned in Court by the faid CommitTioners or any Three or moie of them, lueh Keeper or Keepers rcfptftivtly fo offending in tith.er of the faid Cafes, and being thereof' convifted btfioe any One or more of His Majetly’s Juff ices of che Pea. e for the faid County Palatine of Lancnjler, upon the Oath of One or more i reriible W.tnefs or Witneffcs ("which Oath fuch Jullice or Juftices is nnd are hereby authorized and required to admi-niflei), or upon h s, her, or their own Conleffion, lhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, at the Eif-cretion of the faid Juffice or Juftices, and in cafe fuch Sum fhall not be immediately paid by the Perlon or Pc;Ions fo offending into the Hmds of the faid Juftice cr Joffices before whom fuch Offender or Offenders fhall be convifted, then and in every fuch Cafe fuch Sum fhall be levied by D ftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders by Warrant under the Hind and Seal or Hands and Seals of fuch Juftice or Juftices, rendering the Overplus (if any) to fuch Offender or Offenders, after deducting the Cofls and Charges of.fuch Dif-trefs and Sale; and fuch Forfeiture when fo paid, levied,or tecovered fhall be diflnbuced amongft the Poor of the Towns of Mancb Jler and Salford, «i:hinthc faid Parch of Manchtder, in like Manner as the fcveral other Fines and Penalties are by this Aft direfted to be diftribuced; and in cale fufficient Dillrcfs (hall not be found, it (hail and may be ia/rful to and for the faid Juft ices to commit fuch Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol of the County Palaiioe of Lancaster, fur any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Penalty and Forfeiture, and all Cuffs and Charges attenuing fuch Conviftion, be fooner paid and difeharged.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enaftrd, That no Privilege fhall be allowed to exempt any Perfon liable to be fummoned by virtue of this Aft from the Jurifdiftiun of the faid Court of Requefls, on Account of his being a Iworn Attorney or Solicitor, or other Officer of any of His M.-jrfty’s Courts of Record at IVeJlminster, or of any other Court whatiocver; but that all fuch Attomic', Solicitors, and other Officers fhall be fubjeft :o the feveral Proceffes, Orders, Judgments, and Executions of the laid Court of Requefls, in the fame Manner as any other Perfon ot Perfons is and arc fubjeft to the fame.

8 P

701

Gaolfn to r-drive Pe: f committed.

No Privilege lo be allowed Attomies.

[Loc. 6f Per.']

XXXIX. And

7 02

No Attorney lie. to plead.

Fee* to be taken.

48° GEORGII III. Gap,43.

XXXIX.	And beit further enaded, That nofucli Attorney, Solicit!.r, Seri' vencr, or any Prrlbn pradiling the Liw, Hi ill be permitted to appear in the fa id Court of Rrqutfts as an Attorney Solicitor, or Advocate for or on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, or any other Pcif>n, or be admitted to fpeak before the faid Court in any C lufe, Adion, or Mittet, in which fuch Attorney, Solicitor, or Scriventr is no: himfel a Parry or Wit-nels; and in cafe any Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener fhall appear in thefaid Court of Requells as an Attorney, Solicitor, or Advocate, before the faid Court in any Caufe, Action, or Matt r, in which luch Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener, is not himfelf a Party or Witnefs, then and in every fuch Cafe luch Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener fo offending fhall, for every Left Offence, forfeit and pay any Sam not exceeding Fifty P unds on being convided thereof before ar.y Two or more of His Molly’s Juftices of the Peace for the faid County Palatine of Lancaster, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witnels or Witnefles, (which Oath fuch Juftices are hereby authorized and required to adminiiter) or on his own Confrflion ; and in cafe fuch Sum of Money fhall not be paid forthwith by the Pcrfon or Perfuns fo offending into theHsnds of the faid Juftices before whom fuch Offender fhall be convided, then and in every luch Cah. fuch Sum of Money fhall be levied by Diftrtfs and Sale of the Goods 3nd Chattels of the Offender by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of fuch Juftices, rendering theOverplus (ifany) to fuch Offender after dedudtng luch Fire orFt rfeiture, and the C -its and Charges of fuch Diftrtfs ar d S le j and fuch Fine, when fo paid or levied and rccovired, fhall be diftributed an.ongft the Poor of the faidTowns of Manchester and Salford, in the li!<cM rnntr as the leveral other Fines and Penalties arc by this Ad direded to be dif-tiibuted.

XL. And be it further enaded, That the feveral Fees and Sums of Money hercin-after limited and cxpiefled, fhall be and . re hereby autho.ized and allowed f> be demanded upon and for the feveral Procefles, Ad<, Matters, and Things hcrein-afier mentioned, over and above any Sum or Sums of Money which any luch Procefles may be fubjed or liable to in tefped ofStump Duties (if liable thereto); that is to lay,

ASSISTANT BARRISTER’S FEES.

Upon every Summons iflued Upon every Hearing or Trial Upon every Nonfuit	-	u

Upon evciy Judgment or Order entered upon every Tiial or Nouftfft	-	-

Upon every Attachment or Execution iflued

On DeLts not cx .ceding Fuiiy Shillings.	On Debrs exceeding Forty hillings.
j. d.	s» d.
O 6	1 0
0 6	I 0
0 0	1 0
0 6	1 0
0 6	1 0

CLERK’S

48*GEORGII III. Cap. 43

703

	On Debt*	On Debts
	not exceed-	exceeding
	ing Forty	Forty
CLERK'S FEES.	Shillings.	Shillings.
	x. d.	d.
For entering every Caufe - -	0 4	0 9
IHiiing every Summons - -KTuing every Subpoena (not including more than Four	0 4	0 9
Witneffes) - -	0 6	1 0
Every Hearing or Trial - -	0 6	I 0
Swearing every Witnels, Plaintifi, or Deienda nt -	0 2	0 4
Every Nonfuit - -Drawing up and entering every Judgment or Order	0 6	I O
upon every Trial or Nonfuit Paying Money into Court in full, and entering Satis-	0 6	I 0
faction in Books ... If by Inftalments dd. in the Pound more.  Every Search in the Books (except where the Com-miflioners Ihall otherwife diredl, in making Regulations refpedting the Suitors Money paid into	0 6	1 0
Court) ....	© 3	0 6
Iffuing every Attachment or Execution  CRYER’S AND SERJEANT’S FEES.  For calling the Plaintiff and Defendant in every	1 0	1 6
Caufe - - -For ferving every Summons, Order, or Subpoena, upon every Defendant or Witnefs within One Mile of	0 2	0 3
the Court Houfe - - -If above One Mile, then Extra for every Mile from	0 4	0 6
the Court Houfe ... For the Execution of any Warrant, Precept, or Attach-	0 2	° 3
ment againfl the Goods or Body If above One Mile, then Extra for every Mile from	1 0	1 6
the Court Houfe - .  If an Afliftant Serjeant Ihould be neceffary in thejudg-	0 2	0 3
ment of the Commiffioners, then for the Afliftant If above One Mile, then Extra for every Mile from	0 6	1 0
the Court Houfe ... For carrying every Defendant or Delinquent to Prifon (including all Expences and Afliftants), for every Mile One Shilling.	0 2	0 3

And the faid Commiffioners ffia!l and thev are hereby required to han<v up and affix, or caufc to be hung up and affixed, a Fable of all Arch Fees in fome confpicuous Place or the laid Court orF’^cf Meeting of the faid Commiffioners in order that all Pcrfons i iT-^rned may be enabled 10 perule the fame.

XLI. Ai d be lt further enafted. That in every Cafe where any Wages or any other Sum or Sums of Money whatfotver, not exceeding the Sum

of

Debts due to Perfons under Age may be recovered.

4-8® GEORGII in. Cap.43.

oFFive Pounds (hall be due and owing to any menial Servant, Clerk, Book-keeper, Journeyman, Shopman, Shouwoman, Afl.ftmr, Labourer, or any other Perlon whatfoeeer, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, it fhali and may be lawful to and for luch Seiv^nt, Clerk, Book-keeper, Journeyman, Shopman, Snopwoinan, Afiiftanr, Labourer, or other Pcrfon to l’ue for and recover ftich Debt in the (aid Court, in the fame Manner 5s :fhe or fhe were t,f full Age; and the laid Comm dinners pre-fent in the faid Court are hereby authorized and required to take Cognizance of and proceed in alLCaufes concerning fetch Debts, in the fame Manner and fhall have luch and the lame Pow.rs in regard thereto, as if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs were of full Age.

XLJI. And be it further enafttd, Thit the faid CommifSohers or the major Part cf them, at any General Meeting thereof a(f mbl d puiluant to Notice in Writing for that Purpofe to be given by the Clerk or One of his Depvnies to the faid Commiffior.ers for the Time being, the Number of Commifii mers then p eknt not being Ids than Stven, lhail and m.iy, and they are hereby empowered and dirrfted to make, ordain, and conliitute fuch Rules and Regulations as to them (hall ferm meet, for fccuiing the Balances and other Sums of Money belonging to the Suitors of the faid Court in the Han 's of the Cleik or Cleiks of the faid Court, or their ttfpe&ive Deputies, wh'ch at any Time, from and after the palling cf this Act, may be bytfntn or either or any cf them received, and for the due accoui tmij for and Ap| lit ration of all fuch Bal nces ani other Sun s of Mcney, and alfo for auditing the Accounts at leak Once in every Year, a ,ti uftener if they fliall dtem nectfla y.

LiTitation of XLIII. And be it further ena&ed, That noPerfon or Perrors whon foever I upiiiomnent. wj1Q	be committed to the faid Gaol by Order of the laid Courc

for any Debt 61 Debts fhall be kept or continued in C. flody on any Pretence whStfoever (except in Cafes hcrein-after provided for) for any longer Space or Spaces of Time, from the Time of his or their C m-mitmenc to Prifon than is or are herein-.fter limited in that Behalf, rh it is to lay, where the Debt (exciufive of Cods) do-s not exceed the S-mr £ Twenty Shillings, then he, file, or they fhall not be kept or continued in Cuftody for more than Twenty Days ; and wheie the Debt (exciufive of Cofls) is aboveTwenty Shillings and dots not exceed Forty Shillings, then no more than Forty Days; and where the Debt (exciufive cf CofLj is above Forty Shillings and does net exceed Three Pounds, then no moie than Sixty Days ; and where the Debt (exciufive of Colls) is above Three Pounds and does rot exceed Foui Pounds, then not more than Eighty Da;, s ; and where the D.bt (exciufive of Cells) is above Four Pounds, then t.ot more than One hundred D tys, from the Time of his, her, or their Commitment ; and the Keeper or Keep;rs if the laid Gaol is and are hereby dirtfted and requited to dilcharge fuch Perron or Perfons accordingly.

Except ef XL1V. And in order the m me efLclcTHlIy to prevent Perfons fummoneJ Debtors con- for Debts to tjiftj&ld Court from the, fraudulent Concealment^ i f their •r*Goodi°nty Money or Goo be it further en-fled, That in upon the Summons of any Perion for any Debt or Debts before the laid Court, Information of any fuch Pra&ice (hill be given, luch Coutt lliall have Power to hear Ev.dcnce as to fuch fraudulent Concealment, and in cafe, 4	it

7 Of

Commif-fioi.ers may irake Rules rt lpeflin» Suiters Mo-

■-y

480 GEORG 11 III. Gap^z-	1°S

it fliall be proved to their Satisfaftion, upon the Oath cf One of more Witneis or Witneffcs, (which Oaih the laid Court is hereby empowered to adminifler) that any fuch Debtor has Money or Goods which ha or (lie has iraudulently and wilfully concealed, then and in every l'uch Cafe it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court to enlarge the aforefjid Time of Imprisonment to any Period in addition thereto, not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

XLV. And be it further enafted, Thar all and every Perfon and Ptrfons who (hall betaken in Execution under or by virtue of any Procefs ifluing f^p'rate from or out of the faid Court of Requefts, and who at the Time of his, Debti. her, or their being taken in Culfody, or during his, her, or their Im» prilonment, (hall have more than One Execution ag2inft him, her, or them in the faid Court, (hall be imprifoned the Time by this Aft limited for and in refpeft of fuefi Execution, and after the Time fo limited in the firlt Execution is expired, the Imprilbnmenton the Second Execution fliall commence, and after the Time fo limited on the Second Execution is expired, the Imprjlonment on the Third Execution fliall commence, and fo on until he, fhe, or they (hall have been imprifoned the lime by this Aft limited for and in refpeft of each feparate Execution to be iffued againft him, her, or them in the faid Court, previous to his, her, or their being taken into Coitody, or during his, her, or their Imprifonment; any Law, Statute, or Ufage to the connary notwithlfanding.

XLVI. And beit further enacted, That each and every Perfon imprifoned by virtue of this Aft (h ill, on the Expiration of his or her Time of Im- fdJ prifonmcnr, be oilchargcd and let at Liberty without paying any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee or Fees, or other Reward or other Gratuity what-fuever, to the Keeper or Keepers, Turnkey or Turnkeys, of (he faid Gaol, or others, by way of Gaol Fees or Difcharge Fees, or on any other Pretence whaefoever ; and if any Keeper or Keepers, Turnkey or Turnkeys of the faid Gaol, or any other Perfon whomfoever fhall demann, take, or receive any Fee or Fees, Sum or Sums of Money whatfoever upon the Difcharge of any fuch Perfon or l’erfons fo committed to his or their Charge or Cuffady as aforefaid, or fliall keep or detain any fuch Perfon or Perfons aiter the Time by this Aft limited for his, her, or their Imprifonment, every fuch Keeper, Turnkey, and other Perfon fhall, for every fuch OlTence, foifcit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and it fliall and may be lawful to and for any Two Juflices of the Peace for the faid County Palatine of Lancajltr to hear and determine every fuch Offence, and fuch Two Juflices are hereby authorized and required upon any Information exhibited 01 Complaint made before them of fuch Offence having been committed, in cafe fuch Information fhall be exhibited or Complaint made within Three Calendar Months after the Offence committed, to fummon the Party accufed, and alfo the Witnefies on each Side, and to examine into the Matter of Faft, and ttpen due Proof made thereof by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffcs, or by the voluntary Confellion of the Party accufed, to give Judgment or Sentence '*c*&tc!i Penalty or Forfeiture afortfaid ; and in cafe fuch Penalty or Forgrt^ re fliall not be forthwith paid, to iflue a Warrant under their Hands and Seals for levying luch Penaltv and Forfeiture by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Cliat-tcls of the Offender or Offenders, rendering the Overplus, if any, after [_Loc. & Per.J	8^	dedufting

7°6	4S0	GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

deducing fuch Penalty and Forfeiture, and the Cnfts and Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof; and in cafe fufficient Diftrefs lhall not be frond, it lhall and may be lawful to and for fuch juf. tices to commit loch Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correction for the (aid County Palatine of Lancajltr, foi any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, un'efs luch Penalty and Forfeiture, and all Cnfts and Charges attending fuch Conviction, be tooner paid and difeharged, and One Moiety of fuch Penalty and Forfeiture, when paid or received, (hall be paid to the Pcrfon or Pcrfons informing or filing for the fume, and the other Moiety to the Clerk to the faid Commiflionets, and the lame fha'l be by the faid C jmmiffuntrs diitribuccd amongft the Poor of the faid Towns of Mambejier and Salford :n fuch Share, and Pro* poaions as to the faid Commiffioners fhall feem right and proper.

Serjeant "eg- XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Serjeant or Serjeants, or leetmK hi, other Officer or Officers of the faid Court, employed to ferve any Execu-o/e DebtT* t'011j foid'r by wiltul Ncghft, Omiffion, or Connivance, caufe or fuffer the Party, againft whom fuch Execution fhall be awarded, to efcape or ab-fcond, or the Goods of fuch Party to be cairitd away or ferreted, lo that fuch Execution (hall not have its due Effeft, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, upon Complaint and due Proof thereof marie upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Wicnefs or Witneffes to order fuch Serjeant to pay the Sum or Sums of Money for which fuch Execution was awarded by the Party complaining, and to enforce the Payment thereof by the fame Ways and Means as herein are provided for Recovery of their Debts, and it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby enabled toimpofe my Fine, not exceeding Ttn Pounds for every fuch Offence, on fuch Serjeant or Serjeants, Officer or Officers, and fuch Fine if not forthwith Daid fhall anti may be levied and recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the laid Commiffioners, rendering the Overplus, if any, after deducting fuch Fine, and the Cofts and Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels ; and fuch Fine, when" fo levied and recovered, lhall be paid to and diftributed by the faid Commiffioners, in fuch Shares and Proportions, and in fuch Manner, amongft the Pour of the faid Towns of Manchester and Salford, as they the faid Comm.flioners may think fit and proper.

Officer; not to take any Fees except thofe allowed by the Adi.

XLVIII. And be it further enafted, That if anyClerk, Deputy Clerk, Ser. jeant,or Cryer, or any other Officer or Servant, employed by the faid Com-miflioners in putting this Aft or any of the Powers thereof in Execution, fhall exaft, take, or accept any Fee or Reward whatfoever, other than and' except fuch Fees as areappointed and allowed to them refpedively by virtue of this Aft, for nr on account of any Thing done or to be done by virtue of this Act, or on any Account whatever relative to putting this Act into Execution, every luch Peil’on fo offending (hall, upon Conviction thereof before the faid Commiffioners at any of their Meeting', or upon Verdict or Judgment being had againft him in fuch Aftton as next herein-after mentioned, be for ever incl 'c of lerving or being errploycd under this Act in any Office of Profit oTEmolumcnt, and fhall, over and above forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, to any Perlon orPcifons who fhall fue for the fame, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in 2	any

707

48°GEORGII III. Cap.43.

any of rJis Majefty’s Coons of Record at (f'cstmlnstrr, within Three C deodar Months after the Offence committed, in which Action or Suit no Effoign, Protection, or Wager ot Law, or more chah One Imparlance fluff be allowed.

XLIX. And be it further enadled, That'in cafe ahvPerfon orPetfons refit!- \vitn2u°*»ot iiig or being within the Jurifdi£tion df the fatd Courr, after having been attending, duly ferved with a Subpoena or Summons to be iffued by the Clerk of the faid Court of Requtfts, and paid or tendered his or her reafonable Expences, to attend and give his, her, or their Evidence at a l ime and Place in fuch '-ubpoena or Summons mentioned, ori Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, fhall nrgledt or rtfufe to appear purfuanc to fuch Subpoena or Summons, due Proof being made of the Service of fuch Subpoena or Summons, and nofufficient Caufe for his, her, or their Abfenoe or Non-appearance being fhewn to the SatFfadfion ot the (aid Court, and Oath being made before the fate! Commiffioners by the Party or Parties at whofe Inftance and on whofe Behalf fuch Subpoena or Summons ilfued, rhat the Perfon or Pe:funs ferved therewith was or were a Witnefs or WitncflcS by fuch Party or Parties judged necefTary for the Proof of his, her, or thetr Caufe or Caufes, Action or Adtions, Complaint or Complaints, Defence or Defences, then and in every fuch Cafe it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners to impofe any Fine, not exceeding Ten Pounds on fuch Perfon or Perfons; and in cafe fuch Fine fhall not be paid forthwith, fuch Fine fhall and inay be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the faid Commiffioners, rendering the Overplus (if any), after deluding fuch Fine, and the Cofts and Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels ; and fuch Fine, when lb paid, levied, or recovered, dull be paid over to the Party or Parties at whofe Inftance or on whofe Behalf fuch Subpoena or Summons fhall have been iffued; and in cale fufficient Diftrefs fhall not be found, it fhall and may be lawful to and for any Three or more of the faid Commiffioners to commit fuch Offender to the Common Gaol of the faid County Palatine of L&hcaitcr, for any Time noc exceeding the Space of One Calendar Month.

L. And be it further enadled, That if any Peifon or Perfons upon Exa- Puniihinij mination on Oath or Affirmation before the faid Commiffioners in any Ac- of Perjury*11^ tion, Caufe, or Matter depending in the faid Court of Requells, or before any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace adting in Execution of this Adi, fhall wilfully and corruptly give falfe Evidence, or (ball wilfully and corruptly fwear or affirm any Matter or Thing, which fhall be falfe or untrue, every fuch Perfon fo offending, and being duly convidted thereof, (ball brand is hereby declared to be fubjedt and liable to fuch Pains and Penalties as by any Law or Statute, Laws or Statutes, in force or Effcdl, Perlons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are fubjedt and liable to.

LI. AnJ be it further enadted, That if anyCommiffioner off4** F»id Court for the Time being, fhall be Party to, or concerned or int" ^ .d in any ers °r Officer Ciufe, Adbon, or Matter depending in the laid Court, 0/ ..iall be the wheitk? Father, or Son, or Brother of any Perfon or Perfons concerned or imerefted termed, in any lu-.fi Caufe, Adlion, or Matter, fuch Commiffioner fhall not be Capable of acting as a Commiffioner on the hearing or determining fuch

Caufe,

7°8	48’ GEORGII III. 6^.43.

Caufe, A£lion,or M.ittcr, or making any Order, Decree, or Judgment therein, but fuch Commiffioner, after being heard in fuch Caufe, Action, or Matter, (hall wirhdraw until the fame be finally determined j and if the Clerk, or his Deputy, or other Officer of the faid Couit for the Time being, (hall be a Party to or interefted in any Caufe, Aftion, or Matter, depending in the faid Court, fuch Clerk, Deputy, or other Officer (hall not exercile his faid Office in fuch Caufe, Aftion, or Matter, or in any Thing relating thereto, but the faid Commiffiontrs forming the faid Court (hall and may appoint another Perfon to exercife the Office of fuch Cleik or Deputy, or other Officer refpeftively, in all Things relating to fuch Caufe, Aftion, or Matter.

inTth-'coni- ^TI. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall con-niifTionen and temptuoufly and wilfully abufe all or any of the faid Commilfioners, or intuited h'**4 any t^le Officers of the faid Court for the Time being, during his or their Sitting or Attendance in the faid Court, or going to or from the laid Court, or (hall hinder and obftruft the Proceedings ot the faid Court, then and in every fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Serjeant or Serjeants of the faid Court, wth or without the Afliftance of any < tner Perfon or Perfons, by the Order of the laid Commiffioners, to tuke fuch Offender or Offenders into Cuftody, and the faid Commiffioners (hall examine into fuch Infult, Abufe, or Mifbehaviour, either from their own View or Knowledge of what pa(fed, or by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneflrs; and upon fuch Inlult, Abufe, or Mifbehaviour, being proved as aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, and they arc hereby authorized and empowered to impofe a Fine, not exceeding Ten Pounds on each and every fuch Offender or Offenders; and in cafe fuch Fine (hall not be forthwith piid, fuch Fine (hall and may be levied and re-cove-ed by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of the faid Commiffioners, rendering the Overpltu if any, upon Demand, after deducing fuch Fine, and the Colls and Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels; and the faid Fine, when fo paid, levied, or recovered, lhall be paid to and diftributed by the Commiffiontrs, in fuch Shares and Pro. portions, and in fuch Manner, amongft the Poor of the faid Towns of Manchester and Salford, as they the faid Commiffioners (hall think fit and proper; and in cafe fufficient Diftrefs (hall not be found, it fhall and may be lawful for any Three or more of the faid Commiffioners to commit fuch Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol of the County Palatine of Lancajler, for any Time not exceeding the Space of One Calendar Month.

LIII. And be it further enafted, That the Cleik of the faid Court fhall fix or caufe to be affixed or (tuck up in the mod public Part of the laid Court, or other Place where the Commiffioners of the faid Court fhall meet, a true Cppy of the preceding Claufeof this Aft, to the End that no Perfou orgfrfons fhall or may plead Ignoiance thereof.

L1V. Arkl'oc it further er.afted. That where any Debt fhall be due or owing, or demanded from any Two or more Perfons jointly, by reafon or on Account of fuch Perfons being Partnets in Trade, or otherwife jointly

concerned

Copy of the preceding Claufe to he Ituck up in Court.

Where Debt due from two ferfons, how Summons to

be ferved.

4-8° GEORGII HI'. Cap. 43.	7°9

concerned, Service of fuch Summons as aforefaid perfonally on any one of lurh Partners or Perfons, and Notice thereof left ac the laft or ufual Place or Places of Abode, Warehoufe, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing, trading, or working, of the other or others of fuch Partners or Perlons, (hall be as good and fufficient as if each of fuch Partners or Perfons were lrparately fummoned as aforefaid.

LV. And, for removing all Doubts whether the Statute of Limitations ^suVullTof may be pleaded in the faid Court of Requefts, it is hereby further enafled Limitation*, and declared, That all Defendants in the faid Court (hall be a'lowed to plead or claim the Benefit of any Statute of Limitation in force and Effeft and every Defendant lo pleading or claiming, (hall have and receive tuch and the like Advantage and Relief thereby, as fuch Defendant would have been entitled to, in cafe this Aft had not been made, and he, (he, or they had been fued for the fame Debt or other Gaule of Aftion in any of His Majefty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or any other Court, and had there pleaded fuch Statute in Bar to the Aftion or Suit.

LVI. And be it further enafted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by R«overy and virtue of this Aft inhpofed (the Manner of levying and recovering where- cjPp<!nalu«. of is not hereby otherwile particularlydirefted) (hall be levied and recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of the faid Commiflioners (which Warrant fuch Commiflioners are hereby empowered to grant upon the Confeffion of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witnefs upon Oath) and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arifing by fuch Diftrefs and Sale, (hall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of fuch Goods and Chattel.', after dedufting (uch Fines ana Penalties, and the Cods and Charges of making, keeping and felling the Diflrels; and fuch Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered (if not hertin-before direfted to be otherwife applied) (hall be paid to the Clerk to the faid Commiflioners, and (hall be by the faid Commiflioners didributed amongd the Poor of the laid Towns of Manchester and Halford in fuch Manner as the faid Commiflioners, or any Three or more of them,

(hall think right and proper ; and in cafe fufficient Didrefs (hall not be found, or fuch Penalties and Forfeitures (hall not be paid forthwith, it /hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to caufe the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol of the County Palatine of Lancajler, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reafonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, (hall befooner fully paid and latisfied.

LVII. And be it further enafted. That in all Cafes where any Conviftron Form.of Cpn, lhall be had for any Offence or Offences committed againlt this Aft, the Form of the Convidtion (hall be in the Words or to the Effedt following ;

(that is to fay),

*	DE it remembered. That on this	Days	'	H

‘ ^ in the	Year	of	the Reign of	y>

*	A B. isconvifted before	of	His MaVfty’s Juftices of the Peace

*	for the County Palatine of Lancaster [er before Three of the Commiflion-‘ ers for the Recovery of Small Debts within theParilhof Mancbejler in

> •{Lee.	Perl]	8 K	‘the

7*c	4-S*GE0RGII	IiL	Cap.	43.

‘ the Cpu.ity Pcn.uine of Lc.ncajlef\ of having [as the Offence (hall le] ‘ and I [or, wc] the faid	do adjudge him, fher, or them] to

‘ forfeit and pay for the fame; fuch Oft-nce being contrary to the Prt-* vifions of an Aft made in the Forty-eighth Ytar of the Reign of King ‘ George the Thiid, intituled, [hire infer! the Title of this /f<3] the Sum ‘ of	Given	unuer	my Hand and Seal [or our Hands and

‘ Seals] the Day and Year aforefaid.

LVIII. And be it further enafted, That where'any Diftrefs fhall be made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Aft, the Diftrefs itfelf Hull not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the fame be deemed a Trefpaffcr or Trelpatfcrs on Account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Diftrefs, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor fhall the Party or Parties diftraining be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaflers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which fhall be afterwards done by the Party or Patties fo diftraining ; but the Perfon or Pertbns aggrieved by fuch Irregularity fhall and may recover full Satisfaction for the fpecial Damage by an Action upon the Cafe.

proceeding! LIX. And be it further enacied, That no Order, Verdift, Affcfirnentor qoaflwi for Judgment, or other Proceedings made touching or concerning any of the want of Form. Matters aforefaid, or touching or concerning the Conviftion of any Of fender or Offendtis againft this Aft, fhall be quafhed or vacated for Want of Form only.

Plaintiff not to LX. And be it further enafted. That no Plaintiff or Plaint’ffs fhall o'l^Noric- 'or recover *n any A&'on to be commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for •tier 'lender any Thing done inpurfuance of this Aft, unlefs Notice in Writing fhall cf Amends, have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Twenty-one Days before fuch Aftion be commenced, of fuch intended Aftion, figned by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, fpecifying the Caufe of fuch Aftion, nor (hall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any fuch Aftion, if Tender ot fuificient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before fuch Aftion brought; and incale no fuch Tender lhall have been made, it lhall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any fuch Aftion, by leave of the Court alter fuch Aftion fhall have been brought, at any Time, before Hue joined, to pay into Court fuch Sum of Money as he- (he, or they lhall think fit, whereupon fuch Proceeding, Order, and Judgment fhall be made and given in and by fuch Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

limitation "of DXl. Provided alway*, and be it enafted, That no Aftion or Suit fhall Actions.	be commenced againft'any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing done in pur-

fuance of this Aft, after Six Calendar Months next afier the Faft committed, and every fuch Aftion or Suit lhall be brought and tried in the County Palajme of Lancaster, and not ellewhere; and it any fuch Aftion or Suit lhall be . ght beforeTwenty-one DaysNotice (hall have been given, or after fufficie'n’tSatisfaftion made or tendered as aforefaid, or after theTime limited for bringing the fame as aforefaid, or (hall be brought in any other County than as afotelaul,thco and in every fuch Cafe the Jury lhall find for „	jo	the

Witter* net Unlawful for want cf Form

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 4

4

7ix

the Defendant or Defendants; and upon fuch Verdift, or if thePIaintiff fhall be nonfuited or difeontinue his, her,or their AftionorSuit, after the Defendant orDcfendants fhall have appeared thereto, or if upon Demurrer Judgement (hall be given again!! fuch Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every fuch Cafe (he Defendant or Defendants fhall recover Cofls, and have fuch Remedy for recovering the fame as any Defendant hath for Cofts of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

LXII. Provided always, and be it enafted, That nothing in this Aft fhall Saving ciaufe. extend or be conftrued to extend to do away, deftroy, or prejudice the faid Wapentake Court,' or the faid Court Baron, or any other Court belonging to the Manor of Mancheftcr, or any Rights, Liberties, Franchifes,

Ufages, Cuftoms, Royalties, Suits, Services, Privileges, Powers, or Authorities enjoyed with, or appertaining or belonging to the faid Wapentake or Hundred of Salford and Manor of Mancheftcr, or either of them.

LXIil. And be it further enafted, That this Aft fhall be deemed and public Act* taken to be a Public Aft, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moft Excellent Majefly. 1808,





t:

T



-l*	3	3U

.

-’■re' . "3	1	,,:u	Ofi	.ill:.;	..	,	.	’ll:	■!>{»	■	•	■;

I •	‘	*	t	r .v 1 | - * . i-’f ,Tl

- JJ • •- t v ’ •• ,	0	.1	(1	Jrt	I	•

I' J-- -1 ... J ..... 1..................................  :	<

■ ’ ■ ’	'	!.	Y	I	-	'	f	•	,1	».*•	L.	•'	-	-'I

:■ 1	a	to	,^Dii

‘jH tiun‘J ml > ' tin ti

io ..	•.	.	.	.	.

.. • ’ 1 . (	,	■■ 1r 1 .
I . iia'J =fi) to	* '	.. ( ,
		
■ -i>6 ,■ ■ L.	< •	
		juDU'j.j
. , ... v. • >	*9 -k-	.. 1 ) : , }
		. 1

'

"■ i .	.	.	v	u	.

.

■.r.T:l vrs . J.jft. inra	vc*

K



...

O"









V ■, t

'













i- ■	'	'.-	*





ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

***************************************************

An Aft for the further Supply of the City and Suburbs of Glafgow, and Places adjacent, with Water.	[27th May, 1808.]

WHEREAS the City and Suburbs of Glafgow, and Places adjacent, are at prefent very fcantily fupplied wich Water: And whereas a Company was lately formed under the Name of The Company of Proprietors of the Glafgow Water Works, for the Purpofe of introducing a Supply of Water from the River Clyde into the laid City and Suburbs, from the eaftern Extremity of the faid City j and the faid Company was incorporated by an Act of Parliament, palfed in the Forty-fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, “ An Act for l'upplying the City and Suburbs of Glafgow ^ “ with Water”: And whereas it is of great Confequence to the Proljpe-rity of the faid City and Suburbs, and Places adjacent, that the Inhabitants thereof, and Manufacturers, reading therein, Ihould have a conftant and abundant Supply of lo necelfary an Article, and at a reafonable Rate: And whereas thele important Objects can be belt accomplilhed by there being more Companies eftablilhed and incorporated for fup-plying the laid City and Suburbs, and Places adjacent, with Water, and particularly at the weftern Extremity thereof; and the leveral Per-l’ons hereinafter named, being willing to undertake to procure an additional Supply of Water, to be railed from the River Clyde into Refervoirs, to be formed on Parc of the Lands of Cranftonhitl and the adjacent Grounds, in the Barony Parilh of Glafgow, and County of Lanerk, fituated at the weft Extremity of the laid City, which the laid Perlons have purchafed from Richard Gillefpie of Soutbwoodfide, and IValter Logan of Cranftonhill j and to be conveyed from thence, by

\Ltc. & Per.}

8 ,9

Pipes

7*4	48?	GEORGII III. Cap. 44..

Pipes under Ground, through and along the Road leading by Amierfion to Glafgow, and through Argyle Street and Troy gate Street, and the other Streets, in Glafgow, from which Pipes fuch Water is to be diftributed'through Anderjton, and the City and Suburbs of Glafgow: bur thefe Objects cannot be attained without the Aid of’Parliament, May it therefore pkafe Your Majefty, That it may be enabled, and be ic enafted by the King’s Mofl Excellent Majefty, by and with the' Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,and Commons, in this Proprietors. prefect Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That Richard Gillefpie and IValter Logan, William Glen, Robert Shireff, Charles Shireff, John Semple, Robertjon Buchanan, David Mietrie, John Geddes, Colin Gillefpie, Henry Hculdfworth, James Laird, Robert Tuille, William Young, Andrew Brocket, John Mair, Robert Fulton, Alexander Andrew Mitchell, William Harley, William Kidjlon, William Aitken, William M'Whire, James Gillefpie, William Scott, Junior, John Blackburn, Mrs. Elizabeth Ritchie, Nathaniel Stevenfon, Lhomas Dunlop Douglas, Alexander Lejlie, Archibald Douglas, Allan Bogle, John Maxwell, Robert Bogle, Junior, Hugh Bogle, James Bogle, James Buchanan, Junior, Colin Campbell, and Robert Strulhers, together with fuch other Perfon or Perfons, and fuch Bodies Politic and Corporate, or Collegiate, as fhall at any Time hereafter be poffeflfed of One or more Shares of fuch Incorporated. Undertaking; and the Succefiors, Executors, Adminiftrators, and Aftigns, of fuch feveral Perfons and Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, fhall be, and they are hereby united into a Company, for fupplying the City and Suburbs of Glafgow, with Water from the River Clyde, and for making, completing, and maintaining the neceffary Works for that Purpofe, and lhall be One Body Corporate and Politic, by the Name of the Company of Proprietors of The Cranflonhill Water Works; and by that Name fhall have perpetual Succeffion and a common Seal, and by that Name fhall fue or may be fued; and fhall alfo have full Power to purchafe Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to them, their SuccefTors, or Afligns, for the Ufe of the faid Undertaking, but for no other Ufe or Purpofe.

II. And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Company of Proprietors to raife and contribute among themfelves a competent Sum of Money for making and maintaining the faid Refervoirs, and all other Works and Conveniences belonging or requifite thereto, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Thirty thou-fand Pounds, which faid Sum of Money fhall be laid out and applied in the Firft Place in dilcharging the Charges and Expencesof obtaining and palling this A (ft, and the making the proper Surveys, Flans, and Eftimates, and the doing and providing of all the Matters and Things^ preparatory and previous thereto, including the Price of the Grounds purchafed for the faid Refervoirs; and then in the making, completing, and maintaining the faid Refervoirs, the Pipes for conveying the Water, and other requifite Works and Conveniences for putting this Aft into Execution ; and that the faid Sum of Thirty thoufand Pounds, or fo much thereof as fhall be raifed, fhall be divided into Shares of Fifty Pounds each ; and that the faid Shares fhall be, and are hereby veiled in the feveral Perfons fo raifing and contributing the lame, and their feveral and refpeftive Executors, Adminiftrators, Succeffors, and Afligns, to them and every of their proper

Proprietors to raife Money among themfelves for making Refervoirs, &c.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.	715

Ufe and Benefit, proportionally to the Sums they (hall feverally raife and contribute ; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all Perfons, their feveral and relpe&ive Succeffors, Executors, Admi-niftrators, or Affigns, who (hall feverally fubferibe for One or more Share or Shares towards carrying on and completing the faid Undertaking, and other Purpofes of the faid Subscription, (hall be entitled to and receive, after the faid Refervoirs and other requifue Works and Conveniences (hall be completed, and after a Sum of not lels than Three thouland Pounds (hall be accumulated in Manner hereinafter mentioned, as a Fund for anfwering Contingencies, the entire and net Diftribution of an equal proportional Part, according to the Money fo by them refpedively paid, of the Profits and Advantages which (hall and may arife and accrue from the Rates and other Sums of Money to be raifed, recovered, or received by the laid Company of Proprietors, by the Authority of this Ad; and every Body Politic,

Corporate, and Collegiate, Perfon and Perfons, having fuch Property in the faid Undertaking as aforefaid, (hall bear and pay a proportionable Sum towards carrying on the fame, in Manner herein directed and appointed.

III.	And be it further enacted, That it (hall and may be lawful to, and The Com-in the Power of the faid Company of Proprietors, or of their Com- pj»r>y, °r ilicir mittee of Management aftermentioned, by and with the Advice and ma^bo"ow Direction of any General Affembly of the faid Company of Proprie- Sums of tors, to borrow or take up in Loan, at or below legal Intereft, or by Money, not way of Annuity, any Sum or Sums of Money, for the Ufe and Behoof exccedinS of the faid Company, not exceeding the Sum of Ten thoufand Pounds th°e mole* Sterling in the whole; and to grant, execute, and deliver to, and in

Favour of the Lenders, or thole having Right, fuch Bonds, Obligations, or other Deeds, in writing, as may be required, binding the faid Committee of Management and their Succeffors in Office, and the Trade, Stock, and Eftate of the faid Company, for Payment of the Sum or Sums fo borrowed, with Intereft and Penalty, or for Payment of the Annuities agreed upon, with Intereft and Penalty, as is ufual in fuch Cafes; and fuch Deeds (hall, if necelfary, contain the Claufes ulual and neceffary by the Law of Scotland, for veiling the Lenders of the faid Monies, or the Holders of the faid Annuities, in the heritable Subjefts belonging to the faid Company, in Security of the faid Sums.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enacted, that nothing herein contained No P(-rlor (hall extend to charge or make liable any Perfon or Perfons, Body or anf^eVaoie Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, who is, are, or (hall be Pro- for more than prietoror Proprietors of the Stock of the faid Company, or Contributor t!ieir refpec-or Contributors thereto, or his, her, or their real or perlonal Eftate, llve Stock‘ with any Debt or Demand whatever, due or to become due from the

(aid Company, beyond the Extent o( his, her, or their capital Stock, or Share or Shares in the Stock of the faid Company, any Law, Cuf-tom, or Ufage to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

V.	And be it further enacted, That all and every the Shares and Proportions of all Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, and all other Sharre* J° be lerfon and Perfons of and in the laid Refervoirs and other Works, or

the

716

48° GF.ORG 11 III. Cap. 44.

the joint Stock or Fund of the faid Company of Proprietors, fball be deemed perfonal Eftatr, and tranfmiflible as fuch, and not of the Nature of real Property.

tohave'a”	be	’r-	further	enacted.	That every Body Politic, Corporate,

Vote Vfor or Collegiate, and every Perfon who (hall, by virtue of this Act, have every Share (ubfcribed or undertaken for One Share in the faid Undertaking, his, rot exceeding her, or their refpective Succeffors, Executors, Adminiftrators, and Af-Ten-	figns,	prefent at the (fated General Aflemblies, and Special Geneial

Aflemblies, to be held as herein appointed, (hall have a Vote for every fuch Share, but not exceeding Ten Votes in the whole, although pof-lefled of more than Ten Shares in the faid Undertaking; and every Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and every Perfon who (hall, by v virtue of this Act, have fubferibed or undertaken for one Share in the faid Undertaking, his, her, or their refpective Succeffors, Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns, who cannot attend fuch lfated General Aflemblies and Special General Aflemblies, (hall have a Vote for every luch Share, but not exceeding Ten Votes in the whole, although pof-fefied of more than Ten Shares in the faid Undertaking, by his, her or their Proxy or Proxies, configured under the Seal of fuch Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or the Hand of fuch other Perfon, every fuch Proxy being a Proprietor in the faid Undertaking, and every fuch Vote by Proxy (hall be as good and fufficient to all Intents and Purpofes, as if fuch Principal had voted in Perfon; and every Queftion, Matter, and Thing which (hall be propofed, difeuffed, or confidered in any (fated General AlTembly, or any Special General Af-fembly of the faid Company of Proprietors, fhall be determined by the Majority of Votes and Proxies then prefent, computing One Vote to every Share, no Proprietor having more than Ten Votes, as afore -faid •, the Appointment of which Proxies may be made according to the Form following:

" [ A.B. one of the Proprietors of the Cranjionbill Water Works do MinTment of “ hereby nominate, conftitute, and appoint C. D. to be my Proxy, in “ my Name and in my Abl'ence to vote, or give my Aflenc or Diffent “ to any Bufinefs, Matter, or Thing relating to the faid Undertaking, “ that (hall be mentioned or propoled at any AlTembly of the Com-«« pany of Proprietors of the faid Undertaking, in fuch Manner as he “ the laid C. D. (hall think proper, according to his Opinion, and “ Judgment, for the Benefit of the fame, or any Thing appertaining “ thereto. In Witnefs whereof I have hereunto fet my Hand, the “	Day	of	.”

VII.	And be it further enacted. That all the Meetings of the (fated General Aflemblies, and Special General Aflemblies, (hall be held in the faid City of Glafgow ; and that at all and every of fuch (fated General and Special General Aflemblies, the Parties compofing them (hall pay their own Expences, the Hire of the Room in which the Meetings (hall be held only excepted.

VIII.	And beit further enacted. That the Firft General Aflembly of the faid Company of Proprietors for putting this Act into Execution, (hall

be

Proxies.

Place of

General

Aflemblies.

Parties to pay their Expences.

Firft and other General Aflemblies.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 44*	7*7

be held at Glafgow aforefaid, upon the Third Thurfday after the palling of this Act, at the Hour of Twelve at Noon ; and all future General Aflfemblies of the faid Company (except fuch Special General Aflem-blies as herein-after mentioned) fliall be held on the Third Thurfday in the Month of June in every Year, at the Hour of Twelve at Noon ; of all which General Aflemblies Fourteen Days previous Notice at the lead fhall be given by public Advertifement, in Two Newfpapers ulually publifhed in Glafgow; and the faid Company of Proprietors, at luch refpeftive General or Special Geneial Aflemblies, fliall and may appoint a Chairman ; and fuch Chairman (hall not only vote as a Proprietor or Proxy, but in cafe of an Equality of Votes, fliall have the decifive or calling Vote: And if, upon any Election of a Chairman, Two or more Perfons (hail be propofed to fill that Office, and (hall have an equal Number of Votes, then the Perfons fo propofed lhall draw Lots for the fame.

IX.	And be it further enabled, That if it fhall at any Time appear Meetings of

that for the more effectually putting this Act into Execution, a Special Proprictor« Meeting of the faid Company of Proprietors is neceflarv to be holden, b'0^e* it (hall and may be lawful to and for any Five of the faid Proprietors,	"

who may be collectively poflefled of, or entitled to Thirty Shares at

the lead, in the faid Undertaking, or any Three of the Committee of Management appointed as hereinafter mentioned, upon fpecifying, in Writing lubfcribed by them, the Purport thereof, to require the Secretary of the faid Company of Proprietors to call fuch Meeting; and the faid Secretary (hall thereupon convene fuch Meeting by giving, at lead, Fourteen Days Notice thereof, by Advertifement, to be inferted in Two Newlpapers ufually publiftied in the faid City of Glafgow, or in fuch other Manner as the faid Company of Proprietors (hall, at any General Meeting, direct or appoint, fpecifying in fuch Notice the Kealon and Intention of requeflmg fuch Special Meeting, and the Time when, and Place where the fame (hall be holden ; and the faid Proprietors are hereby authorized to meet purfuant to fuch Notice, and fuch of them as (hall be prefent perfonally, or by Proxy, fliall proceed to the Execution of the Powers by this Act given to the faid Company of Proprietors, with refpect to the Matters fo fpecified only, and all luch Acts of the Proprietors, or of the major Part of them met together at fuch Special Meeting, (hall be as valid with refpect to the Matters fpecified in luch Notice, as if the fame had been done at any General Meeting.

X.	And be it further enacted, That Richard Gillefpie, Walter Logan, Committee Robert Bogle, Junior, William Glen, Henry Houldfworth, James Laird, of Manage-and Andrew Mitchell, (hall be Directors, or a Committee, for the mrnt *p-Management of the Concerns of the faid Company, until the Gene- Pointed-ral Meeting to be holden on the Third Thurfday in the Month of

June, One thoufand eight hundred and eight, when the Members of the laid Committee lhall go out of the Direction, and Seven other Directors, holding at lead Four Shares each of the Stock of the faid Company, lhall be chofen by Ballot or otherwife, in their Room, to continue in the Direction until the General Meeting, to be holden on the Third Thurfday in the Month of June, One thoufand eight hundred and nine, when Seven other Directors, each holding at lead Four {'Lot. 6? Per.]	8	T	Shares

Firft and other Meetings of the Committee.

Chairman of the Committee and Quorum.

4S0 GEORGII III. Cap. 44*

S'naresas aforefaid, fhall be chofen in their Room; and in like Manner a Committee of Management fhall be chofen of Seven Perfons interefted in the Company as aforefaid, at the following Annual Afiem-blies of the faid Company of Proprietors, to be a Committee of Management of the Concerns of the faid Company, for the Year immediately following their Ele&ion: Provided always, That any fuch Directors going out of the Management as above directed, may be reelected : And provided alio, That if there fhall not be Seven Per-fons holding at lead Four Shares each in the faid Undertaking, the laid Directors may be chofen from among Proprietors holding at lead Two Shares: Provided likewife, That it diall and may be lawful to and for the faid Company of Proprietors, 3t any Special Meeting to be convened in Manner herein directed, to remove any Member of the faid Committee, and to nominate another Perfon, qualified as aforefaid, in the Room or Stead of every Member who fhall be fo removed, or who fhall die or refufe to adf, ceafe to be a Proprietor in the faid Undertaking, or become Bankrupt; and every Perfon fo nominated by the faid Special Meeting, fhall have the like Power and Authority as if he had been nominated by the laid Annual Meeting; but every Perfon fo eledled at fuch Special Meeting (hall go out of the Diredion at the fame Period at which the Perfon m whofe Room he was ele&ed would have gone ouc.

XI.	And be it further ena&ed, That a General Meeting of fuch Committee of Management fhall be held for putting this Act in Execution at Glafgow, on the Second Thurjday next after the palling of this Act, and a like General Meeting of the Committee of Management (hall afterwards be held Four Times in every Year, for the future, on the Firft Thurfday in the Months of March, June, September, and December relpectively, at Twelve of the Clock and it fha-l be law ul for ihe Committee of Management to adjourn themfelves from Time to Time as they fhall think proper.

XII.	And be it further enacted. That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Directors to elect a Chairman out of the Number then prelent, to prefide at each Meeting, and that any Three or more Members of fuch Committee, but not lefs, (hall be a fufficient Number to confti-tute a Meeting, for the Purpofe of doing all the Acts, Matters, and Things, and exercifing all the Powers and Authorities hereby directed to be done by, and vefted in fuch Committee; and that all Qurftions, Matters, and Things, which fhall be propofed, difculTed, or confi-dered by the faid Committee, at their Meeting to be held in Manner aforefaid, fhall be decided and determined by the Majority of Members then prefenc; but no Member fhall have more than One Vote at any fuch Meeting, fave and except, that in the Cafe of an equal Di vifion, the Chairman fhall always have a calling Vote; and if upon any Election of a Chairman as aforefaid. Two or more Perfons fhall be propofed to fill that Office, and fhall have an equal Number of Votes, then the Perfons fo propofed fhall draw Lots for the fame: Provided always, That if on the Day appointed for any fuch Meeting of the Committee of Managements aforefaid, there (hall not attend fo many Members of fuch Committee as are hereby required to conftitute a Meeting for executing the Powers hereby vefted in fuch Committee, then and in

Tuch Cafe, and when and fo often as the fame fhall happen, the Meet-

9

7i9

4S° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

"mg (hall be adjourned to any future Day fixed by the Member or Members then prefent -, or if no Member (hall be prefent, by the Secretary to the faid Company of Proprietors, or fuch other Perfon as /hall attend in his Place: Provided always. That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Committee of Management to appoint any of their Number lefs than Three as Committees for particular Purpofes, for the better attending to and traifacting the Bufinefs of the faid Company, but fubject to the Approbation of aQuoium of the faid Committee of Management.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Committee of Management, at any fuch General Meeting as aforefaid, and they are hereby authorized and required, from Time to Time, to nominate and appoint, by Writing under their Hands, a Treafurer, and One or more Collector or Collectors of the Kates and Duties granted by this Act, and alfo a Secretary, Clerk or Clerks to the faid Company of Proprietors, and fuch Engineers, Surveyors, and other Officers, as the (aid Committee of Management fhall think proper and expedient for the better carrying the Purpofes of this Act into Execution, the faid Committee always taking Security from every fuch Treafurer, Collector, or other Officer appointed to receive Money by virtue of this Act, for lodging the lame in the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, or other Bank to be appointed by the faid Committee, as the fame (hall from Time to Time amount to Fifty Pounds; and the faid Committee alfo taking good and fufficient Security from the Treafurer, Collector, and other Officers, who (ball have the Care or Cuftody of any Money to be raifed or received by virtue of this Act, for the faithful Difcharge of the Trufts repofed in them ; and alfo from Time to Time to difcharge and difmifs any fuch Trea-furers, Secretaries, Clerks, Engineers, Surveyors, Collectors, or other Officers, and appoint others in thrir Stead, as there (hall be Oc-cafion; and that all fuch Treafurers, Secretaries, Clerks, Engineers, Surveyors, Collectors, and other Officers of the faid Company of Proprietors, who (ball at any Time quit or be difmiffed from the Service of the faid Company, and the refpective Executors or Admini-ftratorsof thole who may happen to die, (ball immediately thereupon produce and deliver up to the faid Committee of Management, or to luch Perfon or Perfons as they (hall direct, all Books, Accounts, Writings, and Papers whatfoever, which (hall be in the Cuftody or Power of fuch Treafurers, Secretaries, Engineers, Clerks, Surveyors, Collectors, or other Officers, Executors or Adminiftrators refpectively, in anywife relating to the laid intended Undertaking; and the faid Committee of Management (hall have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby required to balance, or caule to be balanced, the Books of the faid Company, to the Firft Day of May, in every Year, beginning on the Firft Day of May which will be in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and eight, or at fuch other Period of each Year asthe (aid Committee of Management may, from Time to Time, appoint; and the fame being fo balanced (ball be examined,docqueted,and figncd by the major Number of the (aid Committee of Management, within 1 hree Weeks thereafter, and (hall be produced at the General Meeting of the faid Company of Proprietors, to be held upon the .Third Thursday in the Month of June in every Year, fo that any of the

Proprietors,

Committee of Managers may appoint Officers.

Talcing Security from thofe who are to have the Cuftody of Money,

Committee to balance and fettle Accounts every Year on the Firft Day of May.

720

Provilion for Contingfn-cies snd Divilion of Profits.

Committee of Account* may be appointed.

Committee of Management may make call* for Money.

4.8°GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

Proprietors, attending the faid Meeting, may have an Opportunity of infpecting the fame; and an Abftractof the faid Balance, fhewingthe Situation of the Affairs of tht laid Company, (hall be figned by the faid Commute of Management, and fhail be at all reafonable Times, as well as the Books of the Company, patent to all and each of the Proprietors of the faid Company, or the known Agents or Attornies of Proprietors refiding abroad, or ac a Diftance from the faid City of Glafgow, at lead Eight Days previous to each General Meeting of the faid Company of Proprietors in the Month of June ; and the faid Committee lhall alio on the faid Firft Day of May, at lead immediately previous to each Balance in every Year, call for, audit and fettle all Accounts of Money received, paid, laid out, and dilburfed, up to that Time, for or on account of the faid Company of Proprietors, by the Treafurers, Collectors, and other Officers, fo to be appointed as aforelaid, or by any other Perfon or Perfons to be employed on behalf of the faid Company, in or about the faid imended Undertaking: Provided always, That it lhall be lawful for the faid Committee to call for, audit and fettle fuch Accounts, or any of them, oftener than once a Year, if they lhall deem it proper and expedient fo to do,

XIV.	Provided always, and be it enacted. That fuch a Sum as the faid Committee of Management lhall think proper, not being lefs than Three thoufand Pounds, lhall be let apart out of the Profits to arile from the faid Undertaking, to anfwer Contingences before any Dividend lhall be made among the faid Proprietors of any Part of the faid Profits ; and fuch Sum, lo fet apart, lhall be lodged in fuch Bank as the •Committee lhall appoint, or inverted in Government Securities, or lent out at Intereft upon real Security, to be approved of by the faid Committee of Management, and the Dividends or Intereft thereof, as well as the yearly Profits to arile from the faid Undertaking, fo foon as fuch Sum lhall have been fet apart as atorefaid, lhall be divided among the feveral Proprietors ol the faid Company, according to the Shares which they lhall feverally hold in the faid Undertaking; but if, from any Accident which may happen to the faid Undertaking, the laid Sum of Money, or any Part thereof fo fet aparc, lhall be required to repair the fame, no Dividend, to a greater Extent than Five Pounds per Centum per /innum, (hall be made of the Profits to anfe from the laid Undertaking, until the Part thereof, which lhall have been l'o expended, lhall be replaced, or until anocher Sum, not lefs than Three thouland Pounds, lhall be fet apart as aforelaid.

XV.	Provided alfo, and be it enacted, That it lhall and may be lawful for the faid Company of Proprietors, at any of their General Affemblies, to be holden purfuant to this Act, to appoint Three or more Proprietors of the faid Undertaking, not being of the Committee of Management, as a Committee of Accounts, to examine all Accounts of Money received, paid, laid out, and dilburfed for or on account of the faid Company of Proprietors, and to make a Report thereupon to the next General Affembly of the laid Proprietors.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That the Committee of Management lhall have full Power and Authority, from Time to Time, at any of their Meetings as aforefaid, to make fuch Call or Calls for Money

from

721

4-b0 GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

from the feveral Subfcribers to and Proprietors of the Paid Undertaking, in order to defray the Expences of or carrying on the fame, as ihcy (hall, from Time to Time, find wanting and necefiary for thofe Purpofes, until the Sums fubfcribed are paid ; fo that no fuch Cal)

(ball exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum for or in refpect of every Share in the faid Undertaking ; and lo that fuch Calls be made under the Direction of the Committee of Management, and fo that Fourteen Days Notice at lead (hall be given of every fuch Call, by Advertifement in fome Newfpaper ulually publithed in Glafgow, all which Money, fo to be called for as aforefaid, (hall be paid into the Hands of the Treafurer of the faid Company of Proprietors, to be ilfued, paid, and applied for carrying on the faid Undertaking in fuch Manner as the faid Committee of Management (hall, from Time to Time, order and direct; and that the faid Committee of Management May contract (hall alfo have full Power and Authority, at evefy fuch Meeting as aforefaid, on behalf of the faid Company of Proprietors, to contract for ‘	'

and purchafe all fuch Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, and all fuch Materials and other Things as (hall or may be wanted for the faid Undertaking, and the Works hereby authorized to be made; and to treat and agree with any Perfon whomfoever, touching the Compenfa-tion to be made for any Damages to be done in the Exercife of the Powers hereby given; and to enter into and make fuch Contracts and Agreements with any Contractors, Agents, Workmen, Servants, or other Perfonsin and about, or for the carrying on of the faid Undertaking and Works, or any Part thereof, as (hall be thought expedient, and to enter into, and make all fuch other Contracts, Bargains, and Agreements whatloever, touching or in anywile concerning the faid Undertaking, as they (hall think proper, and to order and direct how the feveral Works (hall, from Time to Time, be carried on ; and gene- and may ge-rally to direct and manage all and Angular the Affairs and Bufinefsof the faid Company of Proprietors, and to do, execute, and perform all gu^neft'of Acts, Matters, and Things which the (aid Company are by this Act the Com-autnorifed to do ; fave and except fuch only as are hereby exprefsly Pany. directed to be done by the Proprietors at large, at any Meeting or Meetings of luch Proprietors to be held as herein mentioned.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That the Committee of Manage- Committee to ment (hall enter, or caule to be entered into Books, to be provided for ®nter l^ir that Purpofe at the Expence of the faid Company of Proprietors, a full "ocee lngs' and true Accounc of all Money difburfed, and Payments made by fuch Committee, and by all and every Perfon and Perfons employed by or under them ; and of all Monies that (hall be paid to or received by them refpectively, for or on account of the faid Company of Proprietors; and alfo a (ull and true Account, or proper Notes and Minutes of every Contract, Bargain, and Agreement which (hall be entered into by them refpectively, for or on behalf of the faid Company of Proprietors, and of all and fingular their refpective Orders, Tranfactions, and Proceedings whatloever, in and abouc the Affairs and Bufinels of Money not to the faid Company ; but that no Money (hall be iffued or paid by the be lffued b)r Treafurer to the faid Company of Proprietors, for or on account of ^herwife the laid Company, otherwife than in (ucn Manner as (hall be directed than asdi-by the Committee of Management, at fome General or adjourned rected bX Meeting as aforefaid; and every fuch Book, and all other Books, Pa- cr°"!mi:t"

[Lee. to* Per.l	8	1/

722

Committee of Management nay make Bye-Laws.

Bye-Laws (ubject to Appeal.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

pers, and Writings belonging to the faid Company of Proprietors, (hall, at all l'eafonable Times, be open to the Infpection of all the faid Proprietors, who may take Copies thereof, or Extracts therefrom, without Fee or Reward,

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Ccmmittee of Management fhall alfo have full Power and Authority, from Time to Time, at any fuchMeeting as aforefaid, to make fuch Rules, Orders, and Bye-Laws, as to them fhall feem meet and proper for tbe good Government of the Affairs of the laid Company of Proprietors, and for regulating the Proceedings of the faid Committee of Management; and for the regulating of all Officers, Workmen, and Servants to be employed in and about the Affairs or Bufinefs of the faid Company of Proprietors ; and for the well and orderly ufing of the faid intended Undertaking, and the Refervoirs, Pipes or Aqueducts, and Works thereto belonging; and for the orderly Behaviour of all Workmen, and other Perfons who (hall be employed in or about the faid Undertaking, and for their Superintendance in all Refpects whatfoever; and from Time to Time to alter or repeal fuch Rules, Orders, and Bye-Laws, or any of them, and to make others, and impofe and inflict fuch reafonable Fines and Forfeitures upon all Perfons offending againfl fuch Rules, Orders, and Bye-Laws, or any of them, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for any one Offence, as to the faid Committee of Management fhall feem meet and expedient; and all Rules, Orders, and Bye-Laws fo to be made as aforelaid, being reduced into Writing, and the Common Seal of the faid Company thereto affixed by the faid Committee of Management, fhall be binding upon and be obferved by all Perfons ufing, or in any wife concerned in the faid Undertaking, and fhall be fufficient, in any Court of Law or Equity, to juftify all Perfons who (hall act under the fame, provided that fuch Rules, Orders, and Bye-Laws be not repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, or any of the exprefs Directions or Provi-fions of this Act, or to any Contra# or Agreement entered into between the faid Company and the Perfons receiving Water from them ; and provided that Copies of fuch Rules, Orders, and Bye-Laws, or of fuch of them as fhall concern or relate to the ufing of the faid intended Undertaking, and the Refervoirs, Pipes, Aqueducts, and Works belonging thereto; and to the Condu# and Behaviour of Watermen, Officers, Servants, or other Perfons employed in or about the faid Undertaking; or of the Perfons receiving Water therefrom, fhall firft have been approved of at fome General Affembly of the faid Proprietors, and fhall be written or printed in large Characters, and be fixed and continued in fome confpicuous Place or Places at the laid Refervoirs, and where the Bufinefs of the faid Undertaking lhall be tranfacted.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it enafled, That any Perfon or Perfons thinking himfclf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved by any Order or Judgment made or given in purfuance of any fuch Rule, Order, or Bye-Law, may, within Three Calendar Months next after any fuch Order, judgment, or Determination fhall have been made or given, (firft giving Twenty-one Days’ Notice to the Perfon or Perfons againfl whom any Complaint is intended to be made), complain to the Juitices of the

Peace,

48® GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

Peace, at the General Quarter Seffions to be held in and for the Under-ward of thefaid County of Lanerk, who (hall, in a fummary Way, either hear and determine the faid Complaint at fuch General Quarter Seffions; or, if they think proper, may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General Quarter Seffions of the Peace to be held for the Underward of the faid County; and thefaid Juftices may, if they fee Caufe, mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned which (hall have been levied in purluance of fuch Rule,

Bye-Law, Order, or Determination ; and may alfo order and award fuch further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they (hall judge reafonable; and the Determination of fuch Juftices of the Peace, at their Quarter Seffions, (hall be final and conclufive, without being fubject to Advocation, Sufpenfion, or Reduction, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithftanding.

XX.	And be ic further enabled. That if it (hall at any Time appear to the Committee of Management to be neceffary or expedient to call a ^ent^ay' Special Meeting of the Proprietors at large, for the more effectually call Special putting this Act in Execution, or in order to take their Opinion re- Meetings of (peering any Matter or Thing to be done in or about the faid Under-taking, it (hall be lawful for the faid Committee of Management, pur-fuant to an Order or Refolution for that Purpofe to be made, at any Meeting of the faid Committee, to call a Special Meeting of the Proprietors at large, by public Advertifement in fome Two Newfpapers, publilhed in the faid City of Glafgow, fpecifying in fuch Advertifement the Caufe of calling fuch Special Meeting, and the Time and Place when and where the fame (hall be held, the Time being not lefs than Fourteen Days, after fuch Notice (hall be given; and the faid Company of Proprietors are hereby authorifed and required to meet pursuant to fuch Notice, and to take into Confideration the Matters to be (ubmitted to them by the faid Committee of Management, and fpeci-fied in fuch Notice; and the Decifion and Determination of the Proprietors prefent at fuch Meeting, or the major Part of them, according to the Number of Votes they fhall have a right to give, either as Principals or Proxies, refpecting fuch Matters, (hall be binding and conclufive upon the reft of the Proprietors, to all Intents and Purpoles, and (hall be obferved and acted upon accordingly.

XXL And be it further enacted. That every Proprietor of any Share Proprietors or Shares in the faid Undertaking, fhall, from Time to Time, pay his t0 P»y ‘heir or her Proportion of the Money lo to be called for, as herein-before is of th<r mentioned, into the Hands of the Treafurer to the faid Company, at f0r°at die* ' fuch Time and Place as (hall be appointed for that Purpofe by the Place ap-Cornmittee of Management making fuch Call, and of which fuch No- pointed tice fhall be given as herein-before is directed ; and that if any Perfon or Perfons (hall neglect or reful'e to pay his, her, or their proportionable Part of the Money fo to be called for as aforefaid, at the Time and Place which (hall be appointed for that Purpofe in Manner afore-laid, it (hall be lawful for the Company of Proprietors to Cue for and recover the fame, with Intereft at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum from the Time appointed for the Payment thereof in any competent Court in Scotland, or in any of his Majefty's Courts of Record at IVeJlminJler or Edinburgh refpectivelv, by Action of Debt, or on

the

t

?24

And if Firil Call not an-fwered in Si* Months, Share* to be lorfeited.

Directing the Proceedings in Actions for Calls,

4-8° GEORCII III. Cap. 44.

the Cafe 5 and in cafe any fuch Perfon or Perfons ihall neglect or refufe to pay his, her, or their proportionable Part of the Money fo firft to be called for as aforefaid, for the Space of Six Calendar Months after the Time to be appointed for Payment thereof as aforefaid, and the fame fhall not have been fued for by the faid Company of Proprietors as aforefaid, or if fued for, fhall not have been recovered by them; then, and in fuch Cafe, the Perfon or Perfons fo neglecting or refufing, fhall abfolutely forfeit all his, her, or their Share, Part, and Interelt whatfo-ever in the faid Undertaking, and all Profit and Advantage thereof; and all Shares that fhall or may be fo forfeited, (hall be veiled in the faid Company of Proprietors, in Trufl for, and for the Benefit of all the reft of the faid Proprietors, in Proportion to their relpective Inte-refts in the faid Undertaking; or (hall, at the Difcretion of the Committee of Management of the faid Company of Proprietors, be fold by the faid other Proprietors by public Auction, tor the mod Money that can be got for the fame, and the Produce thereof fhall be divided among them, in Proportion to their refpective Shares and Interefts in the faid Undertaking; and in the Event that any Perfon or Perfons paying any fuch Firft Call as aforefaid, ihall neglect or refufe to pay his, her, or their proportionable Part of the Money to be thereafter called for as aforefaid, and for the Space of Six Calendar Months after the Time to beappointed for Payment thereof as aforefaid, and the fame fhall not be fued for by the faid Company of Proprietors as aforefaid, or if fued for, fhall not be recovered by them ; then, and in fuch Cafe, the Share or Shares fhall and may be fold by the faid Company of Proprietors, or their Committee of Management, by public Auction, for the higheft and beft Price or Prices that can be got for the fame; every fuch Sale being advertifed at lead once a Week for Three Weeks fucceflively, in fome One or more of the Newfpapers publifhed in Glafgow, and the faid Company of Proprietors, or Committee of Management, rendering an Account of every fuch Sale or Sales, to every fuch Perfon or Perfons, when demanded, and paying to every fuch Perfon or Perfons any Overplus of fuch Price or Prices, after deducting all Charges, and fuch further proportionable Sum or Sums of Money which may remain due upon luch Share or Shares, by luch Perfon or Perfons, to the laid Company of Proprietors.

XXII. And be it further enabled. That in Aftions brought by the faid Company againft any Owner or Owners of any Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking, to recover any Sum or Sums of Money due and payable to the laid Company, for or by reafon of any Call or Calls made by virtue of this Aft, it fhall be fufficient for the faid Company to declare and alledge, that the Defendant or Defendants being a Proprietor or Proprietors of fuch, or fo many. Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking, is or are indebted to the faid Company in fuch Sum or Sums of Money as the Call or Calls in Arrear fhall amountunto, forfuch and fo many Call or Calls, of fuch or fo many Sum or Sums of Money upon fuch or fo many Share or Shares belonging to the faid Defendant or Defendants (as the Cafe may happen to be) whereby an Action hath accrued to the (aid Company by virtue of this Aft, without fetcing forth the fpecial Matter; and in fuch Aftion it fhall only be neceffary to prove that the Defendant or Defendants, at the Time of making 13	fuch

4.8* GEORGII III. Cap. 44.	725

ftich Call or Calls, was or were a Proprietor or Proprietors of fome Share or Shares in the laid Undertaking, and that fuch Call or Calls was or were, in fail, made, and that fuch Notice thereof was given as is directed by this Adt, without proving the Appointment of the Committee who made luch Call or Calls, or any other Matters whatl'oever ; and the faid Company (hall thereupon be entitled to recover the Call or Calls which (hall appear due, unlcfs it lhall appear that any fuch Call exceeded the Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum of the Subscription, or was made without the Orders of the Committee, or without Notice given as aforeiaid ; and after Judgment lhall be given for the faid Company in any fuch Adtion, Execution lhall not be flayed by reafon of any Appeal againlt any fuch Judgment in any competent Court of Law in Scotland, or any Writ of Error brought by the Defendant or Defendants in any fuch Adlion in any ot His Majefty’s Courts of Record at IVefiminfier or Edinburgh, unlefs luch Defendant or Defendants, with Two fufficient Securities, lhall firft become bound to the laid Company by Recognizance, to be acknowledged in the Couit in which fuch Judgment lhall be given, in double the Sum adjudged to the laid Company by fuch Judgment, to profecute the laid Appeal or Writ of Error with Effcdt ; and all’o if the faid Judgment be affirmed, or the faid Writ of Error be non-profied to Satisfy and pay the Debt, Damages, and Cofts adjudged by the faid Judgment, and all Colls and Damages to be awarded for Delay of Execution.

XXIII.	And be it further enadted, That it lhall be lawful for the feve- Shares may ral Proprietors of the faid Undertaking, his, her, or their refpedtive Exe- '3e cutors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns, to fell and difpofe of any Share or Shares to which he, Ihe, or they may be entitled therein, fubjedl to tne Rules and Conditions herein mentioned, the Conveyances of which Shares may be in the Form, or to the Effcdt following: videlicet,

“I

A. B. of	in	cofideration of	Form of

“ paid to me by C. D. of	do hereby bargain, fell, aflign, Conveyance.

“ and transfer to the faid C. D. the Sum of	capital

“ Stock, of and in the Cranftonbill Water Works, being One Share “ (or fo many Shares as the Cafe may be), in the faid Undertaking, to “ hold to the faid C. D.	Executors,	Adminiftrators,'and

“ Afligns, fubjedt to the fame Rules, Orders, and Keftridtions, and “ on the fame Conditions that I held the fame immediately before the “ Execution hereof: And I, the faid C. D. do hereby agree to take “ and accept the faid Capital, Stock, or Share, '	fubjedt

“ to the lame Rules, Orders, Reftrictions, and Conditions. As Wic-“ nefs our Hands and Seals, the	Day	of

And on every fuch Sale the faid Deed of Conveyance (being executed by the Seller or Sellers, and the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Share or Shares,) lhall be kept by the faid Purchafer or Purchafers, for his her, or their Security, after the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Company of Proprietors fhall have entered in a proper Book or Books to be kept for that Purpole, a Memorial of fuch Transfer and Sale, for the Ufeof the faid Company, and have teftified or indorled the Entry of fuch Memorial [Lee. & Per.J	8 X	on

726	48.°	GJEORGII	III.	Cap.	44.

oa the laid Deed of Sale or Transfer, for which no more than Two Shillings and Six Pence (hall be paid, and the faid Clerk or Clerks is or are hereby required to make luch Entry or Memorial accordingly immediately, or at lead within Forty-eight Hours after the laid Peed (hall have been prefented for Regiftracion, under a Penalty of hive Pounds, to be forfeited to the Holder of the faid Deed, and until fuch Memorial (hall have been made and entered as above directed, fuch Purchaser or Purchafers (hall have no Part or Share of the Profits of the faid Undertaking, nor any Intereft for fuch Share or Shares paid to him, her, or them, nor any Vote in refpect thereof as a Proprietor or Proprietors of the faid Undertaking.

Hng°Shares XXIV. And be it further enacted, That after any Call of fuch Money after a Call, (hall have been made by fuch Committee as aforefaid, every Per,on, to be liable and all Perfons felling or transferring any Share or Shares, which he, for fuch Call.* (he, or they (hall polfefs in the faid Undertaking, Ihall, as well as the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Share or Shares (hall be fold, be liable in the Payment of every fuch Call, in the Manner directed by this Act, unlcfs fuch Perfon or Perfons, fo Idling or transferring, (hall, at the Time of fuch Sale or Transfer, have paid and dilcharged to the Treafurer of the faid Company of Proprietors, the whole and entire Sum of Money which Avail have been called for upon each Share fo fold and transferred.

Names of XXV. And be it further enacted. That the faid Committee of Ma-I r*eiT^red nagement (hall, and they are hereby required to caufe the Names and and'ce^f- * Defignations of the leveral Perfons who (hall be entitled to Shares in. the cates of tlieir faid Undertaking, with the Number of the Shares, and alio the pro-Shares de- perNiimber by which every Share fnall be diftifiguifhed, to be fairly them'* W ar,d dillinctly entered in a Book to be kept by their Secretary, and after fuch Entry, to caufe the fame to be figned by their Chairman ; and they fliall alfo caufe a Certificate, fo figned by the Chairman and Secretary, to be delivered to every Proprietor on Demand, fpecify-ing the Share or Shares to which he or (he is entitled in the laid Undertaking; and l'uch Certificate fiiail be admitted in all Courts whatever, as Evidence of the Title of fuch Proprietor, his or her Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns, to the Share or Shares therein fpecified, but the Want of fuch Certificate fiiail not hinder or prevent the Owner of any of the faid Shares from felling or difpoiing thereof.

For the Pur- XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Bodies Politic and Cor-pofeof mak- p0rate> and all and every Perfon and Perfons whofe Names, (hall at any covering Timt hereafter ftand in the faid Regifter Book, or Lift of Proprietors of Calls, the the f4id Company, either as a Proprietor or Proprietors of One or more Perfons Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking, whether as Sublcribcrs,. or as Whofe Names succefl-orS( Executors, Adminiftrators, or Afiignees of Subfcribers, fiTthe*Conf. (hall be deemed and taken to be the Proprietors of the feveral Shares pany’s Books (landing in the faid Book, in their refpective Names, and fhall be lub-as Proprie- ject am| liable to the Payment of every Call and Calls made and b^diemcd be made thereon, and to all Actions, Suits, Forfeitures, and Penal-the actual ties to which original Proprietors of Shares in the laid Unaertaking Proprietors, are made fubject and liable by this Act; and that all Notices hereby req^ifetf ro be given previous to the-Forfeiture of,Shares to the Pro-*<• 8	[.xvT	prietors

7 27

488GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

prietors thereof, (hall, if given to the Perfor.s appearing by the faid Remitter Book of the faid Company to be fitch Proprietor or Proprietors, or their Reprefentatives, or left at his, her, or their laft or moft ufual Place of Abode, be in all Refpects good, fufficient, and conclude- and all Payments of Intereft and Dividends due, and to grow due on any fuch Shares, fhall be made to fuch Perfons as by the faid Book of the faid Company fhall fo appear to be Proprietors thereof j and that no Afiignment, Transfer, Bargain, or Sale of any Share or Shares, or other Inftrument, giving Title to any fuch Share or Shares, which (hall not have been enrolled or regiftered as directed by this Act, fhall be admitted as Evidence, either to defeat any Action or Suit brought, or to be brought, by the faid Company of Proprietors to recover the laid Calls, or to entitle any Perfon or Perfons to recover any Share or Shares forfeited to the Company of Proprietors, or to make the faid Company of Proprietors liable to the Payment of Dividends to any other Perfon than fuch as appear upon the faid Book to be Proprietors of the faid Shares; but, that in all fuch Cafes the faid Book fhall be confidered as fufficienc and conclufive Evidence of the Proprietorfhip of the faid Shares.

XXVII.	And be itenacled. That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby empowered to raife and convey Water from the faid River Clyde, at any Part or Parts thereof moft convenient, oppoftte to the Village of Anderjlon, or oppofue to the Grounds belonging to the Heirs of William Gillefpie, of Bijhopton, formerly Part of the Eflate of Stohcrofs, lying immediately to the Weft of Hyde-Park, the Property of John M'-Ilwham ; and for that Purpofe to open the Ground on the Banks of the faid River Clyde, at the Places aforefaid, or any of them ; and to lay down a Pipe or Pipes, and to make a Drain or Drains into or from the faid River Clyde, in Manner aftermentioned, for the Purpofe of conveying from thence the faid Water for fupplying the faid City and Suburbs, and Places adjacent, and alfo for the Supply of any Steam Engine, or En-gines, which the laid Company of Proprietors may erett or ufe, and which they are hereby authorized and empowered to ereft or ufe, for the Purpofe of raifing and conveying Water from the faid River Clyde as aforefaid, and to make or erect a Coffer, or other Dam or Dams, for protecting the faid Pipe or Pipes, Drain or Drains, during the Time that the fame are making or laying down ; and to do and perform every other Macter and Thing neceffary for raifing fuch Water, and to convey the fame through the Water-fide Ground, oppo-fite the faid Village of Anderjlon, and through the Street or Road in the faid Village called Cheapftde Street, and thence along the Road leading from the Eaft End of Anderjlon, to Finniejlown, until the faid Road reaches the Lands belonging to James Hill and William Aitchifon, both Writers in Glafgew, and thereafter through the faid Lands, and through the Lands lying to the Weft thereof, acquired by the faid Company from the faid Richard Gillefpie, and thereafter through the Lands of Cranjlonhill, into a Refervoir or Refervoirs, to be formed in and upon the faid Lands of Cranjlonhill; and alfo after raifing the faid Water from the faid River, and conveying the fame through the Waterfide Grounds oppofue the faid Grounds belonging to the Reprefentatives of the faid William Gillefpie, to convey the fame in a Pipe or Pipes through

the

Power to raife Water, and convey it in Pipes.

728

4-8° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 44.

the faid laftmentioned Grounds, as nearly as conveniently may be, to and along the Eaft or the Weft Boundaries thereof, to the North Boundary thereof or through any Street that may be formed thereon, and thereafter acrofs the faid Road to Finniejlown, and through the Lands of the faid Walter Logan, or through thelc Lands and the Lands acquired from the faid Richard Gilejpie, into the faid Refervoir or Rcfcr-voirs : Provided always that the Power and Authority hereby granted to the faid Company of Proprietors fhall not prevent any oiher Pcrfon or Company, acquiring or poflefting Power for that Purpofe, from raifing and conveying Water from the aforefaid River at any Place or Places within the aforefaid L.imics, or from laying Pipes in the aforefaid Lines, in fo far as not previoufly occ urred by the faidCompanyof Proprietors, to any Refervoir or Refervoirs,heorthey may conftruct,either for his or their own Ule, or for a further Supply to the Inhabitants of the faid City and Suburbs, and Places adjacent; and with Power to the faid Company of Proprietors to convey the fa d Water from the faid Relervoir or Refer -voirs, in Pipes under Ground, through the Turnpike Road leading from Dumbarton to Glajgow, and thereafter through Argyle Street and Trcngate Street, of Glajgow, and the other Strvets of the laid City and Suburbs, and co convey and diftribute Water from the faid Refervoir or Refervoirs, in Pipes, by means of Branch Diftribution, and other Pipes through the City and Suburbs of Glajgow and Places adjacent, to the Houses, Work-houfes, and other Appurtenances of the Inhabttan s thereof, agreeing with the faid Company of Proprietors to be fupplied with fuch Water; and with Power alfo to the laid Companv of Proprietors to pttrchafe all Grounds, Privileges, or Servitudes necefTary for making any fuch Refervoir or Refervoirs ; and for erefling Steam Engines, laying Pipes, and making and conftructing fuch other Works, Buildings, and Erections, and other Conveniences, and for doing every other Matter andThing necelfary for the Purpofes before and after mentioned; and to make and conftruct fuch Refervoir or Refervoirs, and to erect Steam Engines, and lay Pipes, and make and conftruct luch other Works, Buildings, and Erections, and other Conveniences, and to do every other Matter and Thing neceffary for the conveying W'ater taken from the faid River Clyde, at the Place or Places aforefaid, into the laid City, and Suburbs of Glajgow, and Places adjacent, or neceffary for lupplying the Inhabitants of tne faid City and Suburbs and Places adjacent therewith : And lurther, and particularly with a Vlew to the Supply of the poorer Claffcs cf the Inhabitants of the faid Suburbs, and Places adjacent, to make and erect public Wells or Fountains, in fuch Parts of the faid Suburbs, and Places adjacent, as may be molt convenient for that Purpofe; but not within the Royalty of the faid City, nor upon the Streets or public Places of the Barony of Gorbals, without the Con-fent of the Magilfrates of Glajgow, all fuch Wells or Fountains as may be glared on the Roads leading from Glajgow, or other Places under the Jurildiction of theTruftees upon the laid Roads, being to be placed and conitructed at the Sight, and to the Satisfaction of the Superin-trnd’.nt for the faid Truftees, and fhall be placed upon the Edge of the Side-Paths next to the faid Roads, and fo conftructed as that the waSle Water lhall run freely off by the Sewer; and providing that no Steam Engine or Refervoir lhall be placed in any of the faid Streets, Roads, Lanes or Paffages, or public Courts, or in any of the Squares or public Places within the faid City or Suburbs, or within the Places adjacent, cither under the Jurifdiction of the faid Mgiftrates, or of the

729

48°GEORGiriII. Cap. 44.

faid Truftees, upon the faid Roads; nor fhall any Steam Engine what-foever be erected within the Liberties of the faid City, nor (lull any Erection be made upon the Streets or public Places of the faid City without the Confent of the Magiftrates and Council, nor within any Square, Court, or indofed Ground within the Royalty of the City of GlaJ'gow belonging to any one Individual, without his or her Confent, excepting the Erections herein allowed for-the Protection of the Upright Pipes, and declaring thac nothing herein contained fhall prevenc the faid Company from placing and erecting in Courts, Areas, or Clofes belonging to Two or more Proprietors, with Confent always of One or more of the faid Proprietors, luch Cifterns as the faid Company may think necefiary: And for the Purpofes aforelaid, the laid Company of Proprietors, their Deputies, Servants, Agents, and Wmkmen, are hereby authorifed and empowered to enter into and upon all Lands and Grounds, Highways, Roads, Pafiages, Streets, and Places belonging to any Perfon or Perlons, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, which ihe faid Company of Proprietors (hall think necefiary for conveying Water from the laid River Clyde to the faid City and Suburbs of Glafgow, and Places adjacent as aforcfaid, and to fee out fuch Parts thereof as (hall be necefiary and proper for making the faid Refervoirs, laying the faid Pipes, and for conftructing the Works and other Conveniences aforcfaid ; and alfo from Time to Time to open, fcour, cleanfe, repair, maintain, enlarge, contract and alter fuch Refervoirs, Pipes, Works, and Conveniences; or to make fuch additional Works and. Conveniences as may be necefiary for the Purpofes aforefaid : And alfo, for the Purpofes aforefaid, to bore, dig, cut, trench, lough, get, remove, take, carry away, and lay Earth, Clay, Stones, Soil, Rubbilh, Trees, Roots of Trees, Beds of Gravel or Sand, or any other Matters or Things which may be dug or got in making fuch Refervoirs,, laying fuch Pipes, or in conftructing fuch Works and Conveniences; or which may hinder, obftruct, or prevent the making, laying, or conftructing the fame; or the ufing, completing, enlarging, and maintaining the fame; and to ule, exercile, and employ all necefiary Ways and Means for conveying and bringing a lufficient Supply of Water from the faid River Clyde to the faid City and Suburbs, and Places adjacent, for the Ufe of the Inhabitants thereof; and from Time to Time to repair, maintain, fupport, continue, ami enlarge the fame, according to the Tenor and Effect, and true Intent and Meaning hereof; and alfo to make, maintain, repair, and alter any Fences, Pafiages, Bridges, or Arches, which may be necefiary for the Purpofes aforefaid, or any of them; and from Time to Time to make, conllruct, and erect, and to repair and maintain any Steam Engine or Engines, Cilierns, Ponds, Bafons, Main Pipes, Rider Pipes, Hand Pipes, Service Pip;s, Branch Pipes of Lead and other Metal, Cocks, Chamber Cocks, Cocks in common, Stop Cocks, Valves, Hire Plugs, Air Plugs, Fire Cocks Bores, Mains, Services, Ferrols, Feeders, Tank Pins, Drains, Pumps, Sluices, and other Works and Devices, as they lhall think proper; and for all or any of the Purpoles of this Act, to break up and remove the Soil, Pods, Kirbs, Bulk Heads, Bars, Sewers, Drains, Pavements, and gravelled and other Ways or any of the prel'ent and future Roads, Streets, Squares, Lanes, Pafiages, Alleys, public Courts, Footways! Public Quays, doles, and Public PJace^, an i’to enter inio any private Lands or Grounds within the faid Citv and Parts adjacent; and to din I Uc.VPer.}	an2

7 3°

Steam Engines to con-fume their own Smoke

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

and fink Trenches, and lay Pipes, aid put Stop Cocks, Chamber Cocks, Fire Cocks, Fire Plugs, and liranches from fuch Pipes in lucti 1 laces, for the laying and fixing fuch Pipes, and fuch other Macccrs ena 1 kings, in fuch f'laces, and in fuch Manner as they fhall judge ne-celTary tor diltributing and conveying fuch Water to the relpective Houles, Offices, Workhoufes, Manufactories, and other Tenements of the Inhabitants of the faid City and Suburbs, and Places adjacent; and for that Purpcfe to erect ftandard or uprignt Pipes on the Sides or Gavels of any Tenement or Building, to fupj ly any Inhabitant of any of the Stories or Floors thereof wich Water; and to build up or fur-round the fame with a Covering of Timber, Stone, or Brick Work, or other Building for preferving the fame : Provided that no iuch Stone or Biick Work ffiall be erected or built in Front of any of the fa;d Tenements: Provided alfo the faid Company do not obllrucc or If op up any Window or Li£hc of any Proprietor without his Content, by the faid upright Pipes, or Buildings for preferving the fame ; and from Time to Time, as Occafion may require, to alter the Poficion of, and to repair, relay, and maintain iuch Pipes, Stop Cocks, and Air Plugs and Machinery, and to do all oiher Acts, Matters and Things, which fhall from Time to Time be neceffary or proper for completing and amending, repairing and improving, and for ufing the Works authorifed by this Act to be done and provided, for the Purpofes, and according to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, they the faid Company of Proprietors, their Deputies, Agents, Servants, and Workmen doing as little Damage as may be in the Execution of the feweral Powers to them hereby granted; and the faid Company of Proprietors making Satisfaction, in the Manner hereinafter mentioned, to the Owners and Proprietors of, and all Perlons in-terefted in, the Lands, Tenement^, am. Heritages relpectivcly, which fhall be ufed for the Purpofes of this Act, or injured in Value by means of thePowrrs hereby granted, or which fhall be by them luftatned by reafon of all or any of the Powers of this Act; and this Acc lhall be fufficient to indemnify the faid Company of Proprietors, and their Deputies, Servants, Agents, and Workmen, and all other Perlons whom-foever, for what they or any of them (hall do by virtue hereof; fubjecr, neverthclefs, to fuch Provifions or Reftrictions as are herein contained: Provided always. That the Furnace of every Steam Engine to be erected by the faid Company of Proprietors, fhall be conttructed upon the Principle of confuming its own Smoke; and provided that the faid Company of Proprietors (hall not enter upon any of the Streets, Lanes, or Public Places of the faid City, for laying, in the firit ln-ftance, their Main and diltributing Pipes, without giving Seven Days’ previous Notice to the Magiftrates, but declaring chat the faid Company of Proprietors fhall be entitled to lay their lmall or Lead Pipes for the Service of the Inhabitants without giving fuen Notice, and alio to make all neceffary Repairs upon any of their Pipes, and for that Pur-pofe to replace and renew the lame withouc giving fuch Notice; and the faid Company of Proprietors lhall as foon as conveniently may be replace and makegood, and lhall maintain for the Space of Twelve Months thereafter all fuch Roads, Streets, and Sewers and Drains as it may be neceffary to take up or to injure in executing the Powers of this Act,

XXVIII. And

48° GEORGII IIL Cap. 44.

XXVIII.	And be it enafted, That the whole of the Pipe or Pipes in which the Water (hall in the firft Place be conveyed from the laid River Clyde (hall be funk in the Sides and Embankments, or in the Bed or Channel of the faid River, and (hall not project into the Water, or be raifed above the Surface of the Sides and Embankments, Bed or Channel of the faid River, excepting that the Mouths or Ends of the laid Pipes may be raifed any Space not exceeding One Foot above the Level of the Surface of the Bed or Channel of the River; and that the South Ends or Extremities of the (aid Pipes (hall not be laid in the Bed of the faid River farther than Twenty Feet from the Embankment or Breaftwork on the North Side of the faid River; and further, that the faid Pipes (hall be conftrufted and laid in fuch a Manner in all other Relpecis as not to interrupt or prove in any Degree detrimental to the Navigation of the faid River, or to the Vcffcls, Owners, Matters, or Mariners thereof navigating the fame.

XXIX.	And be it enafted, That if at any Time the Truftees for improving the faid River under an Aft paffed in the Thirtv-fccond Year of the Reign of His Majelty King George the Second, intituled, “ An Aft for improving the Navigation, of the River Clyde to the City “ of Glafgow, and for building a Bridge aciols the faid River from the “ faid City to the Village of Gorbals;” and under another Aft palled in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, “ An “ Act to explain and amend an Act made in the Thirty-fecond Year «c of the Reign of King George the Second for improving the Naviga-“ tion of the River Clyde to the City of Glafgow, and for building a “ Bridge crofs the faid River from the faid City to the Village of “ Gorbals," (liall think it neceffary or expedient to deepen or widen the Channel of the faid River, or Banks thereof, at or near the Place where the faid Company of Proprietors are allowed to take Water therefrom, and to conftruct Works for that Purpofe, the faid Company of Proprietors (hall and are hereby bound and required, upon receiving Three Months’ Notice from the faid Truftees, to alter their faid Works from l ime to Time fo as to admit of the Improvements of the Navigation ot the faid River by the deepening or widening thereof as afore-laid, °r otherwife, it being hereby provided thac during the Time the laid Improvements are carrying on, ana until they are finifhed, the faid Company of Proprietors may take Water from the River in fuch a Way as to them may ieem proper, but in fuch a Manner as that the Navigation of the laid River lhall noc thereby be impeded or interrupted.

XXX.	And be it enafted, That the whole of the Works to be made in purluance of this Act lhall be made and conftrufted in iuch a Manner as not to impede, interrupt, or in any Degree damage or prove detrimental to the faid River Clyde, the Navigation thereof, or Veffels retorting to the (aid City of Glafgow, or to any future Operations which the laiJ Truftees may think it expedient to carry on for the Improve-n ent of the Navigation of the faid River; and in cafe the laid Company of Proprietois (hall cieft or conftruft any of their faid Works in a Manner which dull be prejudicial to the (aid River, Navigation thereof, or Vellcls retorting to the City of Glafgow, or which may prevent any future Improvements which the faid Truftees may chink it proper to make on the laid Navigation, the Sheriff Depute of the County of La-

nerk

73l

Manner in which Pipes lhall be laid in the River Clyde.

Pipes to be removed, if neceffary, for the Improvement of the River.

Works to be conftrufted fo as not to obftruft the Navigation.

732

486 GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

nerk is hereby authorized and required, upon the Application of the faid 1 ruftees, to afeertain and determine, with the Affiftance of fuch Engineers and {killed Perfons as he may think proper, whither and how far the Works and Operations complained of are inconflftent with the Provifions of this Ad, or detrimental to the laid River or Navigation ; and in the Event of the faid Works and Operations being found incon-fillent with the Provifions of this Ad, or detrimental to the faid River, or Navigation thereof, to decern and adjudge the faid Company or Proprietors, at their own Expences, to pull down and demolilh all fuch Works and Eredions; which Judgment and Sente-ice fliall be final and binding on all Parties concerned, without being fubjed to Review in any Manner of Way whatloevcr; it being hereby further provided that in cafe any Damage (hall arife to the fiid Navigation, or to the Works for improving the fame, or to the VefTels navigating the faid River, by the Operations of the faid Company of Proprietors, the faid Company fhall be liable in and bound to pay the full Amount of the laid Damages, with the Expences incurred in recovering the fame, to the faid Truftees, or to any other Perfon who fhall fuftmn fuch Damage, the faid Damage to be alcertained by the Verdict of a Jury, and decerned for in Manner herein provided.

Truflees of XXXI. And be it enaded, That in cafe any of the Works of the the Naviga- faid Company of Proprietors (hall be hurt, deftroyed, or damaged by be"iabeV° the Operations of the laid Truftees, in improving the faid River, or for Damage any of the Pipes belonging to the faid Company which arc ro be funk in the Sides, Embankments, Bed or Channel of the laid River, hurt, deftroyed, or damaged by any of the VefTels trading to or from the City of Glafgow, when navigating the faid River, the faid Truftees, and the Owners or Matters of luch Veffrls, (hail not be refponfible for any fuch Damage, or liable in Payment thereof, or of any Expences thereby incurred -, any Thing in this Ad, or in the aforefaid Adts pafied in the Thirty-lecond Year of his late Majefty King George the Second, and in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, notwith-ftanding.

XXXII.	And be it enaded, That nothing in this Ad contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to take away, abridge, or diminifh any Rights, Privileges, Jurildidions, and Powers which now belong to or Magklrates'* are enjoyed by the Magiftrates and Council of Gla/goiv, or by the Bail-ofGlafgcnv. lies, on the River and Frith of Clyde in virtue of former Ads of Parliament, Royal Charters, immemorial Ufage, or otherwile.

Plan of Re- XXXIII. And whereas a Map or Plan, deferibing the Places where fervoirs, itc. the faig Relervoirs in the Lands of CranftovbiU, and Grounds to the Eaft thereof are intended tq,be made, and a Defcription of the Line of the Pipes through which the Water will flow to fuch Refervoirs, and from the fame, through the faid City and Suburbs of Gla/gow, hach been depo-fited with the Clerk of the Peace of the County of Lanerk at Gla/gow; Be it enacted, that fuch Map or Plan, and Defcription, fh all remain in the Cuftody of the faid Clerk of the Peace for the Time being, or his Deputy ; and all Perfons interefted therein fliall, at all reafonable Times, have Liberty to infpect and perqfe the lame, and take a Copy thereof, or any Part thereof, paying the Sum of One Shilling to the Clerk of

done 10 the Works of the ..om-pany.

Nothing in this A& to abridge

733

48® GE0RG1I III. Cap, 44.

the Peace, or his Deputy, for every fuch [nfpection; and that the faid Company (hall not, in making the faid Refervoirs, or in laying the faid Pipes tor the Conveyance of the faid Water from the laid Kiver Clyde, fofar as without the Royalty of the faid City, deviate more than Twenty Yards of Three Feet each from the Stite of the laid Relervoirs, or the Line and Courl'e of the faid Pipes, deferibrd in the faid Map or Plan and Defcription, unlefs the fame (hall be built upon in Manner herein directed, without the Conlent and Approbation in Writing of the Per-lon or Perfons, Body Politic or Corporate, through whole Lands or Grounds luch Deviation (hall be made: And that the laid Company lhall within the Royalty of the faid City lay their Pipes in manner herein mentioned, and lhall not have Power, after the Main Pipes and Collateral or Branch Pipes are once laid within the Royalty of the City of Glafgow, to deviate from or alter the Courfe of the laid Pipes, without the Confent and Approbation in Writing of the Magiltrates and Council of the faid City, or of the Perlon or Perfons through whofe Grounds fuch Deviation and Alteration lhall be made.

XXXIV.	Provided always, and be it enadted, That the faid Company lhall not have Power to lay more than One main Pipe, with One collateral Pipe, or in place thereof, Two collateral Pipes in the Streets, Squares, or Lanes of the faid City, except in Argyleftreet and Irongatt-ftreet, eaftward to the Weft End of Gallowgate Street, in which Streets the laid Company lhall have Power to lay One Main Pipe, with Two Collateral Pipes; and that none of the faid Pipes within the Royalty of the City of Glafgow (hall be laid deeper in the faid Streets than Three Feet Six Inches from the Surface of the Caufeway to the under Part of the Pipe, except where any Obftrudtion lhall occur or be found, in which Event the faid Pipes lhall not be laid deeper than is neceffary for avoiding fuch Obftrudtion ; and provided alfo, that the faid Company lhall not lay any of the faid Main or Collateral Pipes within Five Feet from the Centre of the Caufeway of the faid Streets, leaving a free Space of Ten peet in Breadth in the Centre of each of the faid Screets, nor within Three Feet of the Curb Stone of the Foot Pavement on the Sides of the faid Streets, and that the faid Company lhall conform to the fame Rules and Regulations, and lhall have and enjoy the fame Privileges as are or lhall be fixed and allowed by the Magiftrates and Council of Glafgow with regard to the Pipes laid or to he laid by the Glafgow Water Works Company in the Streets of the faid City.

XXXV.	Provided alfo, and be it enabled. That the faid Company of Proprietors lhall not have a Right to carry any Pipe or Pipes along either of the Bridges acrofs the faid River, commonly called th zOld and New Bridges, until they lhall have given Seven Days’ previous Notice to the laid Magiftrates of fuch Intention in Manner herein provided, and until they lhall have found fufficient Caution acted in the Court Books oil the laid Burgh in ufual Form for all or any Damages which may be occafioned by their Operations to the faid Bridges.

XiXXVI. Provided always, and be ic enadted, That nothing herein contained lhall authorise or empower the faid Company of Proprietors, or any Perfon or Perfons acting by and under their Authority to take ' [LoCtfftr.]	8 Z .	ufe.

Prefcribing how Pipes are to be laid.

No Pipes to be carried acrofs the Old and New Bridges with-out Notice.

Houles already erected not to be injured.

734-	4«°GE0RGII	III.	Cap.	44.

ufe, injure, or damage in the making tjie faitl Reltrvoirs, or for laying the laid Pipes, or for any of the Purpofcs aforefaid, any Houfe or other Building erected or built, or to be erected or built, without the ConfeiK of the Owner or Owners thereof: Provided always, that the laid Company of Proprietors (hull not be reftrained from erecting ftandard or upright Pipes on the Sides or Gavels of any Tenement or Budding, to lupply any Inhabitant of any Story or Floor thereof with Water, in the Manner herein directed<

Stttsfaction XXXVII. And be it further enacted. That the faid Company of Proto be made, prietors fhall and do make, or tender, Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of, and Perfons interefted in any Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Heritages, not already belonging to the faid Company, which fhall be required for any of the Purpofes of this Act, before they fhall in any-wile make ufe of the fame; and alfo for any other Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Heritages, which fhall be damaged in the Execution, or by virtue of any of the Powers aforefaid, for the Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Heritages fo to be taken, ufed, or damaged ; and in cafe the Parties fhall not agree, touching the Amount of fuch Satisfaction, within the Space of Twenty-one Days after Application fhall have been made for that Purpofe, by or on behalf of the faid Company of Proprietors to the refpective Owners and Occupiers of, and Perfons interefted as aforefaid, then, upon Payment of fuch Sum or Sums of Money as fhall be awarded by a Jury of Fifteen Perfons, fummoned and chofen by the Sheriff of the County within which fuch Lands or Houfes fhall be fituated, in fuch Manner as Juries are fummoned and chofen by the Sheriffs of Counties in Scotland, whofe Determination is hereby declared to be final, without being fubject to Sufpenfion, Advocation, or Reduction ; and in the Event that fuch Jury fhall award 11 greater Compenfation than the Company fhall have offered, but lefs than the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers fhall have required, the Expence of fuch Jury fhall be defrayed and borne by the faid Company, and the faid Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers equally; but in cafe the faid Jury fhall award to fuch Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, the Sum fo required, or any greater Sum, the Whole of the faid Expence fhall be paid by the faid Company ; and on the other Hand, if the faid Jury fhall award the Sum offered by the Company, or a lefs Sum, the Whole of the faid Expence fhall be paid by the faid Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers: Provided always, that in all Cafes where any Pcrfon or Perfons fhall, by reafon of Abfence, be prevented from treating with the faid Company, fuch Cofts and Expcnces fhall be borne and paid by the faid Company: Provided alfo, that after having offered to the Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers of the Lands or Houfes, tuth Sum as the faid Company fhall think reafonable, it fhall and may be lawful for them to enter into and upon fuch Lands or Houles for the Purpofes of this Act, and no Stop fhall, in the'mean Time, be put to the Operations of the faid Company on pretence of fettling the faid Damage, or that they have not been fatisfied and paid.

XXXVIII. And beit furthar enacted, That it fhSll and may be lawful toandfor all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Hufband^,Guardians, Truftees; and Feoffees in truft for charitable and Other Purpofes,

Cbmihittees,

Bodies Politic empowered to Tell and convey Lands.

735

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

Committees, Executors, and .^dminiftrators, and all other Truftees and Perfbns whomfoever, not only for and on behalf of themfelves, their Heirs and Succeffors, but alfo for and on behalf of their Ceftuique Trufts, whether Infants, Ilfue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, who are or fhall be feifed, pofiTeflcd of, or interefted in their own Right, or entitled to by Will, or other Intereft therein; and for every Perlon or Perfons whomfoever, who is, are, or fhall be feifed, pofitfled of, or interefted in any Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Heritages which lhall be neceffary for the Purpofes aforefaid, to contract for, fell, and convey the fame, and every Part thereof, unto the faid Company of Proprietors; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all other Perfons whomfoever fo conveying as aforefaid, are hereby indemnified for what they fhall reflectively do in relation to any fuch Sale, which he, fhe, they, or any of them, lhall make by virtue and in purfuance of this Act; and all fuch Contracts, Agreements, Sales, Contracts Conveyances, and Affurances fhall be made at the Expence of the and Sales to faid Company of Proprietors; and fuch of them as lhall be made of "ladeat any Lands, Tenements, or other Heritages to the faid Company of oAh^Com-Proprietors fhall be made according to the Forms and Cuftoms pre- pany, feribed by the Laws of Scotland.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted. That if any Money lhall be Application agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Pleritages, of Compen-purchafed, taken, or ufed by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the fa'l0n Mon«y Purpofes thereof, which are held under Entail, or are fubject to Life-rents. Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or fhall belong to any Corporation, married Woman, Infant, Lunatic, or Perfon or Perfons under any Difability or Incapacity, fuch Money fhall, in cafe the fame fhall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, under the Direction, and by the Authority of the Court of Sefiion, be wich all convenient Speed, paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Intent that fuch Money lhall be applied under the Direction, and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a fummary Way, by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, in the Purchafe or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the faid Court fhall authorife to be paid, affecting the faid Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages,

Handing fettled therewith to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents, or Purpofes; or where fuch Money fhall not be fo applied, then the fame fhall be laid out and invefled under the like Direction and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages which fhall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trufts, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, which fhall be fo purchafed, taken, or u!ed a$ aforefaid, flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement fhall be exifting, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until fuch Purchafe lhall be made, the Intereft or Annual Produce of fuch Money fhall, from Time to Time, be paid, by Order of the faid Court, to the Perfon or Perfons who

would.

4&° GEORGII HI. Cap. 44.

would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages, lo hereby directed to be purchafed, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

Tf under	XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money

aool. and fo agreed or awarded to be paid, for any Lands, Tenements, or Herita-*bove aoi. ges, purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfons under Difability or Incapacity as aforefaid, fhall be Id's than the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, and lhall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all fuch Cafes, the fame fhall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons, for the Time being, entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Heritages fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpective Hands, under the like Direction and Authority, be paid into either of the faid Banks, and to be placed to his, her, or their Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed; or otherwife the lame fhall be paid at the like Option to two Truftees, to be nominated by the Perlon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Three or more of the faid Committee of Management, (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that fuch principal Money and tne In-tereft anfing thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, fo far as the Cale may be applicable.

When under XLI. Provided alfo, and be it further enacted. That where fuch Mo-30'*	ney,	lo	agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, fhall be

leis than Twenty Pounds, then, and in all fuch Cafes, the fame fhall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Heritages fo purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes of this Act, in fuch Manner as the faid Committee of Management, or any Three or more of them fhall think fit; or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpectively.

In cafe of not XLII. And be it further enacted, That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons making out ^ w(,om any gum or Sums of Money fhall be awarded for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages to be purchafed by virtue of this Act, fhall refufe to accept the fame, or fhall not be able to make a Or if Perfons r00^ Title to the Premifes, to the Satisfaction of the faid Company of cannot be Proprietors; or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons, to whom fuch Sum-or found. Pur- Sums of Money fhall be fo awarded as aforefaid, cannot'be found ; or chafe Money jf the perfon 0r Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Heri-'nto^tfmk fages be not known or difeovered; then, andin every fuch Cafe, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Committee of Management, or any Three or more of them, to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded as aforefaid, to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland>. to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Heritages (delcribing them), fubject to the Order, Controul, and Difpofition of the Court of SefTton ; which faid Court* on the Application of any Perfon or>Perfons making Claim to

737

4S° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

foch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Petition, fhali be, and is hereby empowered, in a fummary Way of Proceeding, or other-wife as to the fame Court fhali feem meet, to order the fame to be laid*out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Diftribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpec-tive Eftate or Ertates, Title or Intereft of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto ; and to make fuch other Order in the Pre-mifes,°as to the faid Court fhali feem juft and reafonable; and the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland., who fhali receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what, and for whofe Ule the fame is or are received, to luch Perfon or Perfons as fhali pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

XLI1I. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Queftion fhali arife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, under the Direction and by the Authority of the Court of Sertlon, in purfuance of this Act, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or any Eftate, Right, or Intereft in any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages to be purchaied in purfuance of this Act; or to any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages to be purchaied with any fuch Money, or to the Rents or Profits thereof, the Perfon or Perfons who fhali have been in Pofleftion of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Heritages at the Time of fuch Purchafe; and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons fhali be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, according to fuch Pofleftion, until the contrary fhali be (hewn to the Satisfaction of the faid Court ■, and the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages to be purchafed with luch Money, and alfo the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages fo purchafed, fhali be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it fhali be made appear to the laid Court, that luch Pofleftion was a wrongful Poflefiion, and that fome other Perfon or Perlons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or to iome Eftate or Intereft therein.

XL1V. Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That where, by reafon of any Difabiiity or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages to be purchafed under the Authority of this Act, the Purchafe Money for the fame lhall be required to be paid into the faid Court, and to be applied to the Purchaleof other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be lettled to the like Ufes, in purfuance of this Act, it fhali be lawful for the faid Court to order the Expences of all Purchafcs, from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of this Act, or lo much of fuch Expences as the Court lhall deem reafonable, to be paid by the faid Company of Proprietors, who lhall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money for luch Purchal'es as the laid Court fhali direct.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That fuch of the Inhabitants of the laid City and Suburbs ot Gla/gow> and Places adjacent, as fhali be defi-rousof having the Water laid into their Houfes, or other Appurtenmces,

[Loc. y Per. ]	9 A	may,

In cafe of queftionable Title Poflef-for to be deemed to have a Title until the contrary fhali be (hewn.

Expences of Purchafes may be allowed by the Court.

For conveying Water from the Company’s Pipes to the Houfes of Inhabitants.

738

4B°GEORGII III. Cap, 44.

may, and are hereby authorifed and empowered, at their own Expence,

(having firft obtained the Confent, in Writing,under the Hands of fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall be authorifed by the faid Commirteeof Management to give fuch Confent), to open the Ground between the Pipes belonging u> the faid Company and the refpective Houfes, Brew-houfes, Manufactories, or Offices of fuch Inhabitants, and to lay leaden or other Pipes (the Bore thereof to be afcertained by the faid Company) from fuch refpective Houfes, Brewhoufes, Manufactories, or Offices, to communicate with the Pipes belonging to the faid Company, in any Road, Street, Lane, Paffage, or Place within the faid City and Suburbs of Glafgaw, and Places adjacent-, fuch refpective Inhabitants of the (aid City and Suburbs of Glafgow, and Places adjacent, making Satisfaction, in the Manner directed bv this Act, ro the Truftees of the faid Turnpike Road, and to the Owners and Occupiers of, and Perfons interelled in any Lands, Grounds,Tenements, or Heritages, who fhall or may be injured by luch Operations, or by any other Operations performed by fuch Inhabitants, in taking or uling a Supply of Water from the (aid Company ; and alfo paying to (he faid Company of Proprietors yearly, quarterly, or monthly, fuch Sum or Sums of Money for fucti Water, as (hall be mutually agreed upon between them ; and in cafe of Default in Payment of any fuch Sum or Sums of Money fo agreed to be paid as aforelaid, it (nail and may be lawful for the faid Company to caufe the Pipe or Pipes belonging to the Perlon or Perfons making fuch Default, and communicating with any main or other Pipe or Pipes belonging to the faid Company, to be feparated from the faid Pipe or PipesDwith which the fame (hall fo communicate, and to caule the Water to be (lopped from iffuing or running into the Houfe, Office, Work or Manufactory of every Perfon making fuch Defaulc; and that the Sum and Sums of Money which (hall be due and in arrear from fuch Perfon or Perfons to the faid Company of Proprietors, (hall and may be recovered by the laid Company, by Diltrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfons liable to pay the fame, in the fame Manner as Rents payable by any Leale may be by Law recovered ; and if any Perfon (hall lay, or caufe to be laid, any leaden or other Pipe to communicate with any main or other Pipe belonging to the laid Company of Proprietors, or any Pipe or Pipes communicating therewith, without fuch Confent being obtained as aforelaid, every fuch Perlon (hall forfeit and pay to the faid Company of Proprietors, their Succeffors, Executors, Adminiftrators, or Affigns, the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Day fuch Pipe fhall fo remain : Provided always. That fuch Inhabitants of the City of Glafgow as (hall have laid leaden Pipes as aforefaid, fhall be at liberty to remove and take away the fame, and the Cocks thereto belonging.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if any Inha» pHc'd under bitant of the (aid City of Glajgcw, or any otner Perfon or Perfons this Act, not wbomfoevcr, fupplied with Water by virtue of this Adt, (hall fupply t0hJPPerfons anv other Inhabitant thereof, or any other Perfon whatfoever, with with Water.' any Part of fuch Water, then and in every fuch Cafe, every Perfon fo offending (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay to the laid Company of Proprietors any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and it lhall be lawful tor the laid Company of Proprietors, if they lhall fo think fit,

alfo

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

alfo to take off the Water from the Houfe or Office of any Perfon fo offending, for every fuch Offence.

XLVII- Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enafted, That nothing herein contained ffiall extend to fubjeft any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, fupplied with Water by virtue of this Aft, to any Penalty or Forfeiture for fupplying any other Perfon or Perfons alfo fupplied with Water by virtue of this Aft with any Quantity of fuch Water during fuch Time as the Pipes or Cocks of fuch laft mentioned Perfon ffiall or may happen to be out of Repair; provided the fame ffiall be done with the Content of the faid Committee ot Management, or of fuch Perfon or Perfons as ffiall be authorized by them to give fuch Confent; and provided that fuch Pipes or Cocks neverthelefs ffiall be repaired as foon as poffible after any Damage ffiall happen thereto.

XLVII1. And be it enacted, That every Perfon or Perfons contrafting with the faid Company of Proprietors for the Supply of Water, ffiall in every Water Butt, Ciftern, or Receptacle for Water, to be provided bv the faid Patties fo contracting with the faid Company, attach and fix a Ball Cock or other felf-acting Cock to the Pipe conveying Water from the Pipes belonging to the faid Company into fuch Butt, Ciftern, or other Receptacle, and to repair and renew the fame as often as ffiall be ntcelfary, in order to prevent the Water running to Wafte, when fuch Butr, Ciftern, or other Receptacle ffiall be full ; and no Communication ffiall be made between the faid Water Ciftern and the Sink Stone, Jaw Box, or Roan, of or belonging to any Houfe or Houles which may be fupplied by the faid Company with Water, without their Confent: And the Perfon or Perfons ne~ glefting to attach and fix, or to repair and renew fuch Ball Cock, or torming fuch Communication, ffiall forfeit to the faid Company of Proprietors a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every Offence; and the authorized Servant or Servants of the Company ffiall have free Accefs (at all reafonable Times) to the Premifes fo to be fupplied as atorefaid, to lee that fuch Ball Cocks are kept in proper and fufficienc Repair and Condition.

XL1X. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That ic ffiall not be lawful for the faid Company of Proprietors to alter or change the Courfe and Direftion of the prefent or future public Streets Sewers, and Drains in the faid City, without the Confent of the faid Magiftrates and Council, and that any Ground which ffiall or may be opened or broken up for laying, taking up, or repairing any Pipe by virtue of this Act, ffiall by the laid Company and Occupiers reipectively be filled in, and the Rubbiffi occafioned thereby carried away, as foon as conveniently may be; and in the mean Time ffiall be fenced or guarded fo as that the fame may not be dangerous to Paficr/gers; and that Notice in Writing ffiall be given by luch Company and Occupiers refpecuvely immediately upon the breaking up of any Giound as aforefaid, to the Lord Provoft and Magnates of the faid City for the Time being, or left at the Town Clerk’s Office, in the laid City, or to the laid T ruftees of the faid Turnpike Road, or to the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, or left at his, her or their ulual Place or Places of Abode,as the Cafe may be,in order that'the

Pavement

739

Except in certain Cafe*.

Stop-Cocks to be provided inCifterns.

Ground laid open to be fenced.

74°

Penalty for interrupting Workmen.

Ptntlty for

injuring the Workt.

Penalty for injuring the Water.

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 4 4.

Pavement and Ground, and all Things that fhall have been removed, inall be made good at the Sight of the faid Lord Provoft: and Magiftrates, orTrufteesot the faid Turnpike Road, or Proprietor or Proprietors thereof refpectively, by the faid Company, or Perfon or Perfons with ■whom the faid Company (hall have agreed as aforefaid, within Seven Days after any (uch Pipe (hall have been laid or repaired as aforefaid, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds for each Day thereafter that the faid Pavement and Ground and other Things (hail not be made good as aforefaid, to be applied to the U(e of the Poor of the City of Glajgow aforeiaid, and to be iued for, recovered, and levied by the Lord Pro-voft and Magiftrates of the faid City, by the fame Ways and Means as are in this Ad direded in the cafe of other Penalties ; and in the Event that the faid Pavement and Ground, and all Things that (hall have been fo removed, (hall not have been made goou within Seven Days as aforefaid, then and thereafter it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Lord Provoft and Magiftrates, or the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, as the Cafe may be, to order and aired (uch Pavement and Ground, and all Things which (ball have been fo removed as aforefaid, to be made good at the Expence of the faid Company, or Perfon or Perfons with whom they Ihall have agreed as aforefaid, and to fue for and recover (uch Expences by the lame Ways and Means by which any Penalty may be fued for and recovered by virtue of this Act.

L. And be it further enadeJ, That if any Perfon fhall wilfullv or malicioudy hinder or interrupt the faid Company of Proprietors or their Deputies, Agents, Workmen, or Servants, or any of them, in doing and performing any of the Works, or in Exercife of any of the Powers, and Authorities by this Ad granted, or fhall in anywife caufe or procure the (ame to be done, every Perfon fo offending (hall for every (uch Offence forfeit and pay to the faid Company of Proprietors, or to the proper Perlon or Perfons by them authorized in that Behalf, any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and alfo the full Amount of the Damage which fhall oe fuitained by fuch Hindrance or Interruption ; fuch Damage to be recovered in like Manner as any Penalty or Forfeiture can or may by virtue of this Ad be recovered.

LI. And be it further enaded, That If any Perfon (hall wilfully or ma-licioufly break, throw down, damage, or deftroy any Works to be ereded and made by virtue of this Ad, or deftroy, damage, or injure any Engine, Waterhoule, Refervoir, Pipe, Plug, or other Matter or Thing which (hall be made, provided, or procured for the Purpoles of this Ad, or of the Materials ufed or provided tor the fame, every fuch Perfon (hall forfeit and pay to the faid Company of Proprietors any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and alfo the full Amount of the Damage which (hall be recovered, in like Manner as the/aid Penalty is hereby authorized to be recovered.

LI I. And in order to preferve the Water to be conveyed into the faid City and Suburbs of Glajgow and Places adjacent pure and wholefome, Be it enaded, That no Perlon (hall bathe in any of the laid Relervoirs or Baiuns, or wafh any Dogs or other Animals therein, or caft, throw, or put any Dog or Cat or o.her Filth, Dirt, or any noilome or offenfive Thing, or wafh or clean any Cloth, or any Wool, Cotton, Linen,

*	Leather,

74i

48° GEORGII III. ~Cap. 44.

Leather, or any noifome or offenfive Thing in any of the Paid Refer-voirs or Batons, or fuffer the Water of any Sink, Sewer, or Drain to run or be conveyed into the fame, or into any of the laid Pipes, or caufe any other Annoyance to be done to the Paid Water thereof, upon Pain of forfeiting to the Paid Company of Proprietors, for every luch Offence, a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LI'II. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall take or caufe to be taken or uled any Water from or out of any Refer-voir, Tank, or AqueduCt which (hall be made by the laid Company of Proprietors by virtue of this Act, without the previous Content in Writing, under the Hand ot Hands of fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall be authorized by the Paid Committee of Management to give fuch Content; then and in every fuch Cafe every Perfon fo offending (hall forfeit and pay to the faid Company of Proprietors a Sum not exceeding Twenty shillings for every fuch Offence.

L1V. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Persons (hall mtke ule of the Water raped from the laid River Clyde bv virtue of this Act for the Furpole of lupplying any Pond or Kefcrvoir in any Yard, Field, or Gaiden, or for the Purpofe of watering any Yard, Field, or Garden, or any Street, Highway, Road, Lane, or Paffjge, or tor any Purpole whatloever, which lhall not have been agreed upon by anu between luch Perfon or Perfons and the faid Company of Proprietors, or their Committee of Management, or fome Perlon or Per-lons authorized by luch Committee for that Purpofe, or without the Confent of the faid Company of Proprietors, or their Committee of Management, or or lomc Perlon or Perfons authorized by luch Committee for fuch Purpofe; every Perfon fo offending (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay to the faid Company of Proprietors a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enafled. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, at all Times, to ule and employ the Water which (hall be railed from the faid River Clyde by virtue of this ACt in the extinguifhing of any Fire or Fires which may happen to any Houfe or Building within the laid City and Suburbs, without making any Compcnlation or Satisfaction (or the fame to the faid Company of Proprietors, or any other Perfon or Perfons whatfoever; and that proper Fire Plugs, with painted Directions or Marks on the Houfes and Buildings in the faid City and Suburbs, (hall be provided at the Expence of the faid Company of Proprietors, the N umbers of which in each Street (hall be equal to thofe provided by the Company of Proprietors of the Glajgow Water Works, and their Situation lhall be fixed by the Magiftrates of Glajgow.

LVI. And be it further enafled, That the Property of and in the faid Undertaking, and the Profits arifing therefrom, after deducting the Money laid out in obtaining and pafiing this ACt, and of making the different Surveys and Plans of the fame, and of the Lands and Grounds through which the fame is intended to be carried as alorelaid, and making and conftrufting the Works authorifed by this ACt, and all othrr incidental Cofts, Charges, and Expenccs whatfoever touching or

[£«, fc? Per ]	9 B	,	concerning

Water not to be taken from Reiervoirs.

Water not to be diverted to any Ule not agreed upon.

Water of the Company may be ufed for exiin-guifhing of Fires.

Property of Underiaking veiled in Proprietors.

rt

4*

Recovery of Penalties.

To compel Payment of SubRnpiioni.

If Water not brnughtwith-in fire Years the Act to expire.

Limitation at to railing of Water.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

concerning the lame in anywife howfoever, which lhall be rcfpe&ively borne, paid, and defrayed by the faid Company of Proprietors, is and are hereby veiled in the faid Company of Proprietors, and they (hall feveraily and refpectively be entitled thereto in fuch Shares and Proportions, and in the Manner prescribed by this Ad.

LVII. And be it enabled, That the Penalties and Forfeitures authorized to be fued for, levied, and recovered by this Ad, (hall and miy be fued for, levied, and recovered by the faid Company of Proprietors in the fame Way and Manner as Debts are fued for, levied, and recovered by the Laws of Scotland.

LVIII. And be it enaded, That the feveral Perfons who have fub-feribed, or who lhall hereafter fubferibe any Money for and towards making and completing the faid Undertaking lhall, and they are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums of Money by them refpedively fob-feribed, or luch Parts or Portions thereof as (hall ftom Time to Time be called for by the faid Committee of Management, under and by virtue of the Powers and Directions of this Ad, at fuch Times and Places as lhall be direded by the laid Committee in Manner before mentioned; and in cafe any Perfon or Peifons lhall neglcd or reiule to pay the fame at the Time and in the Manner required far that Pur-pole, it lhall be lawful for the faid Company of Proprietors to luc for and recover the lame in any Court of Law or Equity.

L1X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in Cafe the fa d Company of Ptoprietors lhall not have brought a Supply of Water tor the Ufe of the faid City and Suburbs of Glajgow, and Places adjacent, in the Manner direded by this Ad, wichin the Space of Five Years next after the palling thereof, then this Ad, and the feveral Powers and Authorities hereby granted, lhall ceafe and determine.

LX. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded. That the Quantity of Water fo to be raifed and conveyed as aforefaid, lhall not, at any Time or Times, be fo great as to lefTen the Depth of the faid River Clyde more than One perpendicular Inch from its Surface throughout the Extent thereof, in any Part of the faid River: And that for the Purpofe of afeenaining the Quantity of Water fo to be raifed and conveyed as afotefaid, a proper Index or Water Gauge lhall be ereded, under the Diredion of the Sheriff of the faid County of Lanerk, and continued in the faid River Clyde by the faid Company of Proprietors; to which Gauge Accefs lhall at all Times be given to the Truftees on the River Clyde, every Proprietor and Occupier of Land on the Banks of the laid River, and every Perfon interelted in the Navigation thereof; and whenever it lhall appear, by means of the faid Index or Water Gauge, that the Water in the faid River Clyde fhall have been lowered more than One Inch from the Surface thereof, by rea-fon of the Water fo raifed and conveyed as aforefaid, it lhall and may be lawful for the faid Truftees, any fuch Proprietor or Occupier, or Perfon, to apply to the faid Sheriff, by a fummary Application, to prevent the raifing and conveying of Water as aforefaid, fo as to leflen the Depth of Water more than One Inch in the faid River as aforelaid. Provided alfo. That the main Pipe or Pip:s difeharging Water into

743

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 44*

the Refervoir or Refervoirs, (hall not be of greater infide Diameter than will difcharge at any One Time a Cylinder of Water of more than Fourteen Inches in Diameter, that is to fay, that the faid Company (hall not have Power to convey a greater Quantity of Water into the faid Refervoir or Refervoirs, at any One Time, than is capable of being conveyed by a Pipe of the Bore and Dimenfions aforefaid.

LX1. And be it further enafted, That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons Appeal to (hall think him, her, or themfelves aggrieved by any Thing done in pur- ghefl^‘rle* fuance of this Act, and for which no particular Remedy or Methodof Relief hath been already directed and appointed, it (hall and may be lawful for him, her, or them, to appeal to the Juftices of the Peace, at the firft Quarter Seflions to be held for the Underward of the faid County ; and in cafe the Caufe of Complaint arife within Fifteen Days before fuch Quarter Seflions, then fuch Appeal fhall be made to the faid Juf-tices at the Second fuchQuarter Seflions, who are hereby authorifed and required to take Cognizance thereof, and to hear and determine the Complaint or Complaints of any Perfon or Perfons fo aggrieved, and if they fee Caufe, fhall and may, by Order.of fuch Meeting, mitigate at their Difcretion, all or any of the faid Penalties or Forfeitures impofed or incurred by the faid Party or Parties complaining, or vacate and fee afide the Conviction or Convictions, and let the Parties at Liberty, or otherwife may ratify and confirm the fame, with fuch Cods as to them in their Difcretion may feem proper; and to levy by their Order or Warrant fuch Cofts fo awarded by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Effects of any Perfon or Perfons, who (hall refufe to obey the fame j and for Want of fufficient Diftrefs to commit the Party to the Common Gaol of the County for any Time not exceeding Three Months, or until Payment of fuch Cofts (hall be made; but the Perfon or Perfons fo appealing (hall, and they are hereby directed to give Notice in Writing to the Defender or Defenders of fuch their Intention of bringing or profecuting any Appeal, Fifteen Days before the faid Quarter Seflions, and (hall, within Fiye Days after fuch Notice, lodge in the Hands of the Clerk to the faid Juftices, a Bond figned by him, her, or them, to profecute fuch Appeal; and in cafe fuch Appeal (hall be difallowed, the Appellant fhall pay fuch Cofts and Charges as the faid Juftices fhall direct in that Behalf; and every fuch Appeal (hall, at the faid Quarter Seflions, be heard and finally determined, without being (ubjeft to Advocation, Sufpenfion, or Reduction.

LXII. And be it further enaften, That this Aft (hall be deemed and Public Aet taken to be a Public Aft, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being ipeciallv pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s mod Excellent Majefty. 1808.



• (





t • ' O '

Q' . *

•» ’ :oa I* rfi .*•]$. :.

• . - * ■

• ■

..



■ IV'jCV

i .	>	.	:!	'	j! i '

)'T .. •' ■v'- v -	;

V. ' ,	:,

■ ' .V i

•	’	'	'**■■	b	’	■	•.	i

' .

. .	> .	n	*i	.f

1 •	.	.	i	inirirm	■/.»	jtVii{,jmO	to.'30 J- • «li rtt !.-«<»

(	i -ii jrtfefeiil n ««	.w;v>	di	it

■ . r : v , :rj ; i?i

,f	_JK	'i-	■	IU ft,* Vl

j: io " . O

W-ri..-...	• s ii -i

. !j } ■J OT Ittlofm to jni’t !r:nmD

1 -, :' r. L> St>1 v 3 !

.. ‘it:'til. •} gtyort’ ai . -**#<<_’ -(.tw./i *dJ * 'Jt/soik

ifirtc jus ■ but *»... 9t!rv

n o '	.	!	i



to' -isb iU



■

J	•	■	;	t	■	'	.	■	(	f-\|

:

-. -vM	V	v	.•>	•;	,	'	:..••»«•	• i

'! K K	•.	o ... .

.

"I

.. I UU»	.	.V	i:	.	Iv	iff!.'-	J	. (*.*} U

oit

• * . .1'

•, 11	.	,1	..	t	-





«* ■ ’* ' -

■

-U-	'	I	•'	tlti	•	.u	:	’•«	•.	*.	•	■	I*





anno quadragesimo octavo

GEORGII III. REGIS.

###***»***********************************************

Cap. 4$.

An Adi for paving, cleanfing, watching, lighting, and regulating, the Streets and other public Places within the Town of Fermoy in the County of Cork ; and for removing and preventing Nuifances and Obftruc-tions therein ; and for eftablilhing a proper Police in the faid Town.	[27th	May 1808.]

WHEREAS the Town of Fermoy in the County of Cork is daily increifi'g in Extent ana Population, and the feverai public S.rrets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Paffages, and Places, already made and built, and which are now making and building within the Town of Fermoy, are in mod Parts incommodious and unfafe for Pafifem gcrs, are not properly paved, cleanfcd, lighted, or watched; arc very inconvenient, and art; fubjecc to various Nuifances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obftroctions: And whereas other Streets, Squares,Lanes; Wavs. Paffages, and Places, may be made or built within the faid Town of Fe>mrft which may be fubjedt or liable to thefarne or fimilar Inconvenience and it would be highly expedient that the fame (hould be duly and properly paved, cleanfcd, watered, lighted, watched, and kept in Repair, and it would [Loc. & Per.]	9	C	greatly

48° GEORG II III. Cap.45.

greatly tend to the Safety, Prefer vation, Advantage, and Security of-the Inhabitants of the faid Town ot Fermoy, and alio be pf great public Utility if the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, PafTages, and Places thereof, and fuch other Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Palflges, and Places as may be hereafter made or built therein, were paved, and fuch Pavements duly and properly maintained and prclcrved, and if the fame were cleanfed, watered, lighted, and watched, and alio all the Courts, Yards, Alleys, Palfages, and Places communicating therewith or adjoining to the fame, and if all Nuifances and Obltruftions therein were effectually removed and prevented for the future; and alio due and wholefome Regulations adopted and put in force in refpeft of the Police of the faid Town of Fermoy; but the feveral Purpofcs atorclaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be rnaCted; and be it enaCted by theKing's moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords SpiritualandTempora), andCommons, in this prefentParliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That John AnderJ,'on John Hyde, David Held, Thomas Walker, Jofeph Bel!t Thomas Dennehy, Wtlliam Alky ns, the Reverend William Adair Doctor of Laws, the Reverend "John Lord Cletk, Matthias Hendley, Robert Brifcoe, Thomas Perrott, Henry Majfy, John Hntchinfon, Robert Mi^eken, George Johnfon, Rn bard Wigmoie, James Patrick, John Flyn, John Mulcahy, Thomas Skellhorne, and their Succeffors (being refpectively qualified as heretn-after mentioned, and taking the Oath as herein-after required) fball be and they are hereby appointed Commifiioners for putting this Aft into Execution.

II.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft fhall commence and take Effeft upon theFourth MtWuyafter the paflingthereof, on whichDayfthere fhall be held a General Meeting of the faid Commifiioners at the Seflions Houfe in the Town of Fermoy aforclaid, at the Hour of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon and proceed in the Execution of this Aft; and a General Meeting of the faid Commifiioners fhall be held upon the Firft Monday in every Month, afterwards at the fame Hour and Place, unlefs Commiffion-	fome other Hour, Day or Days in the Week	or Year, or fome other

era.	Place within the Town of	Fermoy aforefaid, fhall	be appointed by	tne laid

Commifiioners aflembled at the faid Firlt Meeting, and from Time to Time by any Five fubfequent Meetings, at which there fhall be Five Commifiioners aflembled; and if at the Time or Times when the Lid Quorum of Meetings are hereby required, or (hall be fo as aforclaid appointed to be Commiffion- j,eld, there fhall not be at each fuch Meeting Five Commifiioners prelrnt, then each fuch Meeting fball fland adjourned to the next Day on which a Meeting in purfuance of this Aft, would otherwile be held, or (ball at No Aft valid	a prior Meeting have been	appointed to be held as aforefaid ; -md	no Aft,

Meeting! *	Order, Rule, Refolution,	or Proceeding of the	Comm.ifi.niers	fhall be

valid or effcftual unlcfs had, made, or done at a Meeting or Meetings to be held in purfuance of this Aft, (except in Cafes herein-after particularly mentioned), and unlefs at every fuch Meeting there fhall be at lealt Five Commifiioners prefent, except the Revocation, Sufpenfion, or Alteration of any Order, Rule, Refolution, or Proceeding made or done by or at a preceding Meeting as herein-after mentioned ; and that all the Powers and Authorities by this Aft granted to or veiled in the laid Commifiioners lhall and may from Time to Time be exercifed by the major Part of the Commiflioners 7	ptefeni

746

Appointmert of Ccmmil-tion-ra.

Commencement of the

Aef.

Firft Meeting ofCommif-fioileis.' Subfequent

*&‘GEORGII lit. Cap. 45.

prefent at anv Meeting to be holden by virtue of this Aft as aforefaid $ and-that at fuch Fbft Meeting for putting this Aft into Execution, One of the Commirtion-rs piefent thereat fliall be appointed Chairman, to whom any ether of luch Commiflioners fhall, and is hereby autho rjzed and required to adminifter the Oath herein-after mentioned ; and fuch Chairman (hill immediately afterwards adminifter the like Oath to the other Commiflioners then prefent, and at every other Meeting a Chairman (hall in like Minner be appointed ; and the Chairman for the Time being Ihall and is hereby alone authorized and required to adminifter the Oath hereby required to be taken by ihe faid Commiflioners and their Succeflbrs as Q.cafion Ihall require ; and in all Cafes where there (hall arife a Difference of Opinion, the Queftion (hall be decided by a Majority of Votes of the Commiflioners then prefent; and if upon any Queftion there (hail be an equal Number of Votes (including the Chairman’s Vote), thet, vile Chairman (hall have another or calling Vote; and that no other Rule, Refolutioo, or Proceeding had, made, or done, ac any Meeting held in purfuance of this Aft, at which there (hall have been Five Commiflioners prefent, (hall be revoked, fufpended, or altered, unlefs at fome fubfequent Special Meetrng to be held for that Purpofe, which any Seven or more of the Commiflioners are hereby empowered to call, and of which Meeting at leaft Ten Days previous Notice of the Time, Place, and Purpole (hall be given to or left at the refpeftive Places of Abode of the Commiflioners having a Refidence in Fermoy aforefaid, or within Three Milts thereof, and affixed on the Door of the Parifh Church of the Union Fermoy and of the Sdfions Houfe of the faid Town of Fermoy, a greater Number of Commiflioners than were prefent at the Meeting or Meetings at which fuch Order, Rule, Refolution, or Proceeding propoled, or intended to be revoked, fufpended, or altered, (hail have been made, (hall be prefent, and fliall concur in the Revocation, Suf-prnfion, or Alteration thereof; and in futh Cafe no oiher Meeting to proceed in the Execution of this Aft (hall be held until after ihe Day expicffed in fuch Notice, and at every Meeting the Commiflioners preienc fhall defray their own Expences.

III.	Provided neverthelcfs, and be it further enacted. That if there be any particular Occafion to hold a Meeting before the Time at which a Meeting is hereby required, or (hall be fo as aforef id appointed to be held, then and in fuch Cafe it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, or anv Three or more of them, and they arc hereby required to call a Special Meeting, of which Ten Days previous Notice fliall be given in the fame Manner as is herein-beforc-meniior ed in that Cafe, ahd^for the Purpofe of calling a Meeting, to revoke, fufpend, or alter a former Order, Rule, or Proceeding; and in like Manner no Meeting for the Execution of this Aft (hall tie held until after the Day expreflld in the Notice for fuch Special Meeting.

IV.	Piovided always, and be it further enafted, That no Perfon fliall be capable of acting as a Commiffioner in any Cafe in the Execution of this Aft during the Time he Ihall hold or enjoy any Office or Place of Profit under, or be concerned, dircftly or indireftly, in any Contraft made by virtue of this Aft, or in any Caie wherein he fliall be in anywiie per-lonally 01 beneficially imerefted in the Muter in Queftion (except as a

Creditor

* HI

Chairman of Conimif-fianers to be appointed.

Provifiop® f r fcalling a Special M-eling of the Com-niiHloners.

Qualification or Commif-fioneis.

748	*8* GEORG 11 III. Cap. 45.

Creditor on the Rates or Affrffments herein-after authorized to bfc levied) nor unlefs fuch Commiffioner (hall, in his own R ighr, or in the Right of his Wife, be in the aftual Poffelfion, E joyinent, or in Receipt of the Rents and Ptcfics of Mrfi'uagrs, Lands, Tenements* or Hereditaments, for an Eftare of Freehold, or for Life or Lrves, or for a Term of Years whereof, S:ven at lead are to come and unexpired, within the Town of Fermoy atorefaid, of the clear yearly Value of I en P >unds (above Reprizrs or Incumbrances) or (hall be a Tenant or Occupier of Mefiuages, Lands, or Tenements, fituate, lying, or being in the Town of Fermoy aforefaid, of the yearly Value of Five Pounds or who fhall not be pr flefied of or entitled to a Pcrlonal Eftate of the Amount or Value of hive hundred Pounds over and above the Amount of his Debts ■, and that no Perfon (hall be capable of afting as a Commiflirner in the Execution of this Aft (except in admintftcring the following Oath to the Chairman of fuch Firft Meeting as aforefaid, and in cboofing (uch Chairman) until he (hall have taken and fubferibed an Oaih in the Words or to the Eficft following; that is to fay,

‘ J A. B. do fwear. That I am really and bona fide in my own Right,

*	(or in Right of my late or prefent Wife, as the Cafe may be) in

* lhe aftual Pofirfli in, Enjoyment, and Receipt of the Rents and Profits

*	of MclTuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments for an Eftate cf

*	Freehold of Inheritance, or for Life or Lives, or for Years determin-

*	able on a Life or Lives (as the Calc may be) fituate or being in the ‘ Town of Fermoy in the County of Cork, of the clear yearly V*lue of

*	Ten Pounds above Reprizes- and Incumbrances, (or as the Cafe

*	maybe)am Tenant and Occupier of Meflujge', Lands, and Tenements,

*	fituate or being in the Town of Fermoy in the County of Cork, of tbe

*	yearly Value of Five Pounds or (as the Cafe ni3y be) poffcffcd of or ‘ entitled to a Perfonal Eftate of the Amount or Value of Five hundred ‘ Pounds over and above the Amount of my Debts; and that I will ‘ truly and impartially, according to the beft of my Skill and Judgment,

*	execute and perform all the Powers, Authorities, and Trults repofed ‘ in me as a Commiffioner by virtue of an Aft palled in the Forty-eighth

*	Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, \fert infert tbe

*	‘Title of this Aft.]	‘ So help me GOD.’

Penalty on And if any Perfon not qualified, or being difqualified according to the quafuted"0* rl’erms °f this Aft, to aft as a Commiffioner, fhall nevenhelcls prefume to actingasCom- aft in the Execution of the Powers hereby given, or any of them, every miffioncra- fueh Perfon fo offending lhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum ol Fifty Pounds to any Pcrion or Pcrlons who lhall fue for the fame, with full Cofts of Suit, in any ot His M a jetty’s Courts vf Record in Ireland, by Aftion ot Debt, cr on the Caff, or by Bit), Plaint, Suit, or Information, to be commenced within Six Calendar Months after the Offence fhall be committed, wherein no Elloign, Protection, or Wjperof Law, or more th in One Imparlance, (ball be allowed ; and every Perfon fo fued or proftcuted lhall prove th.t he was at ihc Tune of afting qualified as aforefaid, or otheiwife fhall pay the Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence being given on the Part of the Plaintiff or Profecutor, than that fuch Perlonhad afted as a Commiiliontr in the

Exetu.ion

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 45.	74,9

Execution of this Aft: Irjvrded always, 1 hat it (ball a.n,1 may be lawful for fuch of the Comnnfli-icierH who are or dial! be in <he Commifiion of the m3y :lC( aa Peace for the laid C >unty of Cork, to aft as Juftices of the Pc^ce in or luth-relating to the Execution of this Aft, nctyithihndmg their being Com-miilioricrs under this Aft.

V.	And be it further enafted, That when any of th~ Commiflioners fhali d'e, or, by Writing delivered to the Cieik for the 1 ime betng to the mjii,0n<rs. C jinmiffioners, fhatl decline to aft, or fhall become incapable to aft, it (hill be lawful for the other Commiflioners, and they are hereby required from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands, to cleft fome other Perfon qualified as htrnn-beforc mentioned, to be a Commiflioner in the Place of every Commiflioner fo declining or becoming incapable tn aft, but Ten Days previous Notice of the Time and Place of the Meeting for every fuch Eleftion of new Commiflioners fhall De given by the Clerk to the fair) Commidioners, by affixing the fame in Writing on the Gate or Doer of the Church of the laid Town of Fermoy, and ih Twoorhcr public Places in the faid To*n o! Fermoy ; ana fo often as there fhall. be a Vacancy, to eleft fome fit Perfon to be CommilTioner for the Purpofcs of this Aft, (o that the whole Number of Conmnffioncrs fhall b: always kept up to at leaftTwenty One, and everyPcrlunlo ciefted is hereby veiled with the fame Powers for putting this Act into Execution, and to act as Juftices of the Peace in thePurpofes of this Act (betng in the Commiffion of the Peace as herein-hefore is mentioned) a$ if he had been named a Commiflioner in or by this Aft.

VI.	And be it further enafted. That if the Commiflioners under this Aft cafe lhe foT the Time being (hall at any Time for the Space of Six Calendar Commiffion. Months negleft or refufe upon any Vacancy to nominate and appoint a ers than be new Commiflioner, or if by the Number ot Commiflioners being reduced [han^inVli-* to lefs than Ten, or if for Want of a fufficient Number of Commilliuners Quarter it fhall at any Time become difficult to procure a Meeting or Meetings fio." ^y^T* for executing this Aft, then and in any of the faid Cafes it fhall be lawful c°e"tNumber, for any Commiflioner or Commiflioners for the Time being, or for any otheT Perfon or Perfons refiding within the Town of Fermoy aforefaid, from Time to Time to make Complaint thereof to the Juftices of the Peace aflembled at any General Quarter Seffions to be holden for the faid County of Cork; and it lhall be lawful for the Juftices to whom fuch Complaint (ball be made, and they are hereby authorized and ctquired to receive and hear the faid Complaint, and upon due Proof being made to them of the Matter complained of, to nominate and appoint fuch Perfons as they in their Difcretion (hall think fit to be Commiflioners for the Pur-pofes of this Aft, and as often as there fhall be Occafion, not exceeding the Number hereby originally appointed ; and the Commiffioners fo to be appointed are hereby veiled with the fame Powers fur putting this Aft into Execution, and to aft as Juftices ot the Peace for the Furpofts of this Aft (being in the Commiffion of the Peace as herein-btfore is mentioned,) as if they had Been rcfpeftivdy named Commiflioners in or by this Aft.	1

VII.	And be it further enafted. That in all Cafes where the Commiflioners Power of oranvjuftice or Juftices of the Peace are hercbv authorised to examine *‘hninift«-r;ng

[Loe. & Per.]	9D	°atht.&c.

75©

For apoeint-Officers.

Commiffion-ers to take Securirjfrem Oftietrs, he.

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

any Pcrfnn or Perfons on Oath or Affirmation, it (hall be lawful for the (aid Commiffioners andjuftices, and they are hereby requited and empowered to admir.ifter fuch Oath, or take fuch Affirmation.

VIII.	And be it further enafted. That the faid Commiffioners (hall and may and they are hertby authorized and required at their Firft Meeting, or at any fublequent Meeting, or at any Meeting fpcciallv called in Manner aforefaid tor that Purpofe, by Writing under tbeir Hands, to tied and appoint a Treafurer and Clerk, and al(b a Colledor or Colledors of the Rates or Affcffments to be railed and levied, and of the other Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, and by whom fuch Hates, Affi-Aments, and Monies (hall from Time to Time be paid to the Trc;.furrr tor the Time b“ing, or other Perfon or Perfons appointed for that Purpofe in the Man-ner herein-after mentioned ; and alio all Surveyors, Paviors, Scavengers, Rakers, Clcanfers, Carters, and Lighters of Lamps, Beadles, Conftables, Criers, Watchmen, and fuch other Officer or Officers, Deputies and Affiftants for the Execution of this Ad, as they (hall from Time to Time think proper, and from Time to Time to remove, fufpend, or difplace all nr any of fuch Officers as they (hall fte Occafion, and appoint others in the Place of luch of them as (hall be removed, fufpended, or difplaced, or (hall die or refign their Offices; and alfo from Time to Time by and out of the Monies to be raifed or received by virtue of this Ad to pay fuch "Wages or Salaries, and make fuch Allowances to Officers and ro all other Perlons by them the Commiffioners employed in the Execution of this Ad, as they (hall think reafonable or proper ; and the Conmiflioners (hall and they are hereby lequircd to take fuch Security from every fuch Treafurer, Chief C Alt dor and other Officers in any Situation of Truft, fo to be appointed as aforefaid, for the dur Execution of ihcir refpedive Offices or Duties, as the Commiffioners (hall think proper j and alfo it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners topurchafe any H irfes, Carts, Tools, and Implements as they (hall judge neceffary, for the Purpofe of carrying this Ad into Execution ; and every Perfon who is hereby nude liable to pay the feveral Kates or Afitflments hereby direded and required to be levied and raifed, or to pay fuch Sum of Money which is under this Act to be applied for the Purpofes thereof, (hall and they are hertby required to pay the fame to fuch Collector or other Perfons who (ball be lo appointed to rec ivc the fame, in purfuanre of this Act, which Cullecior or Collectors, or other Perfon or Perfons (hall not at any Time retain in his 01 their Hands more than the Sum of Ten Pounds upon Pain. of forfeiting to the Commiffioners any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings fer Day for every Five Pounds collected and retained beyond the Sum of Ten Pounds and after the fame Rate for every kfs Sum than the Sum of Ten Pounds ; and every fuch Officer and Perfon fo to be appointed as aforefaid lhal!, unoer his Hand, upon Demand at fuch Time and Times, and in fuch Manner as the laid Commiffioners (hall.direct, deliver to fuch Comm ffi ners, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they (hall appoint, true and perfect Account, in Writing of all Monies, Matters, and Things received and commuted to their Charge by virtue and for the Purpofes uf this Act, and how much of fuch Monies hath been paid and difburled and for wl.at Purpofes, together with the proper, Vouchers for fuch Payments; and alio the Books, Papers* and. Writings in their refprctj*e

Cuflody

48“GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

Cuftody or Power refit ng ro the Proceeding' to be had under this Aot \ and (hall pay all fiich Monies as (lull appear upon Balance of their Accounts to the TrcaCurer appointed by thr bid Commiflioners, or to fich p, rfo i or Terfons, and at fich Time and Place as the Commiffioneis (hall appont; and every fuch Pcrlon and Pcrlons fo accounting as a fori fa fd Ihall u|>on Oath (or Affirmation, being a Quaker) verify their fa d Ac-counts s and in Default of any of the fevetal Matters aforefaid for the Space of Eight Days after being thereunto required as aforefaid it (hall be lawful for the Commiflioners, and they arc htrehy authorized and empowered to bring or caufe to be brought an Action or Actions in any t.f His Majelly’s Courts of Record in Ireland, in the Name of their Clerk for the Time being, againft the Officer or Officers, Perfon ox Persons m king fuch Default as aforefaid, for the Recovery of the Monies which (hall be in the Hands of fuel) Officer or Officers, Pcrlon or Perfins rclpeftively, with full Cofts of Suit; or if Complaint (hall he made by the Commiflioners or by fuch Perlon or Perfons as they (hall appoint to make Complaint of any iu< h Default as aforefaid, to .ny Juffice < f the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Party making huh Default fhall be and refide, fuch Juftice may and is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to caufe the laid Officer Of Officers, Perfon or Perfons lo making or having made Default, to be brought before him, and upon his or their appearing, or not appearing except for tome fpecial Caufe, to be allowed cf by fuch Juftice as a fuffi-cient Excufe, to hear and determine the Matter of Complaint in a fum-mary Way; and if upon the Conftflion of the Party, or by thtTefti-niony of one or more credible Witnefs or Witnefles upon Onh (or Affirmation being a Quaker) it (hall appear to fuch Juftice that any of the Monies that fhall have been colleftedor raifed by viitue of this Aft fhall be in the Hands of fuch Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons, or unaccounted for, then fuch Juffice may, and he is hereby authorized and required by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to order the Payment thereof, and upon Nonpayment Thereof to caufe futh Money to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods of fuch Officer or Officer, Per-fon or Perfons refpeftively offending or making Defau’t as efirtfaidj and if no Goods or Chattels can be found fuffii ient to anfv.er and fatitfy the faid Money and the Charges of distraining and felling the fame, and the other Exprnces attending the requiring or compelling fuch Payment as aforefaid, or in cafe of Refufal to account as aforefaid, or it (hall appear to fuch Juftice by the Confeflion of the Party fo offending or making Default as aforefaid, or by theTcllimony of any iredible Witnefs or Witnefles upon Oath or Affirmation as aforefaid, that any Books, Papers, or Writings, relating to the Execution cf this Aft, or to the Proceedings to be had under the fame, fhall be in the Ccftody or Power of any fuch Officer or Perfon, and he (hall refufe to deliver up the fame as aforefaid, or (hall refufe to verifv fuch Accounts upon Oarh, then and in any of the Cafes aforefaid, fuch Juftice (lull commit every fuch Offender to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correct i n for the County or Place where fuch Offender (hall be and rtfide, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he (hall give and make a irue and pe feft Account and Payment as aforeliid, or until he (full have compounded with the Commiflioners, and (hall have paid fitch Compofition in fuch Manner ts they (hall appoint, ’or until Inch Pei (on (hall have delivered up fuch 1	Books,

75 2

4.8’GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

Books, Papers, and Writings as aforeftid, or fhall h ive given Samfaftion in refpcft thereof: Provided always, that no Perfon who lhall be rotr-mitted for Want of fufficient Diftrefs fhall be committed by virtue of Hu h er»mnalfl!on* Warrant f°r any longer Spacet.f Time thanSixCaterdarMonths: Provided polnT* nfictrs alf°> that if as often as any Colleftor or Receiver of the Monies to be railed Death 0t	virtue of this Aft fhalldie, or be incapable or negleft to perform hisDwy,

RefuCJ?r it fliail be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, or any Five or thereof item, though not afiembledataMeetingpuifuantto this Aft, by any Writing under their Hands, to appoint another Perlon to cotleft the fame, who (hall give fuch Seiurity for the due Execution of his Office during his Continuance therein as the Commiflioners lhall think proper, until the C*.hi* miflioners fhall, at a Meeting to be holden in purfuance of this Aft, appoint a Colleftor or Receiver of fuch Monies; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Tiealfarerto IX. And be it further enafted, That the Treafurer to the faid Cornmif-Order of Com.	l*oners	f°r the Time	being (hall and may, and he is hereby authoiixed

miflioners.	and required, out of	the	Money to be received by him under and by

virtue of this Aft, to pay all Sums of Money which the laid Commil-fioners,	or any Five	or	more of them, fhall, by Writing under tbeie

Hands,	order him to	pay; and the faid Treafurer lhall, and he is hereby

required to keep regular and dear Entries in a Book ot Books to be for that Purpofe provided, of all and Angular the Receipts and Payments on account of or in purfuance of this Aft.

Penalty on X. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon who (hall be tm> SaUig*Drty ployed as Treafurer, Clerk, AfrdTor, Colleftor, Receiver, Surveyor, or any other Officer or Servant who lhall be anywife employed by the faid Commiflioners in the Execution of this Aft, or any Part thereof, lhall forbear or negleft to do any Thing hereby, or by the faid Commit*, fioners direfted to be done, or on any Account whatfoever relative to the Execution of this Aft, or fhall in any Way be direftly or indireftly beneficially concerned or interefted in any Sale, Purchafe, Bargain, or Contraft, trade or to be made, by or by the Order of the Commiftionens for any of the Purpofes intended by this Aft, unlefs with their CorlfcHc or Approbation, every Perfon fo offending (hall from thenceforth for ever be incapable of being employed under this Aft, and lhall over and abovt forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Perfon or Perfons who (hall fue for the fame, with full Cofts of Suit, to be recovered in any of His Majefty’s Coufts of Recdrd in Ireland, by Aftion df Debt, or on the Cafe, Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, to be Commenced wiihth Six Calendar Months after the Offence fhall be committed, wherein no Effoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlanie fhall be allowed.

Penalty on XI. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon who (hall be employed reeoTRewaH as Treafurer, Clerk, Afieffor, Colleftor, Receiver, Surveyor, or any other behde* their Officer or Servant who fhall be anywife employed by the Commiflioners Salaii«i. jn pUttjng this Aft, or any of the Powers thereof, in Execution (five a Crier, who may receive fuch Reward as the Commiflioners fhall Order), fhall exaft, take, or accept any Fee, Profit, or Reward whatfoever, other than fuch Salaries, Allowances, and Rewards as fhall be appointed, al-6	,	-	lowed.

48JGEORGir mr Cap. 4.5.	7$$

Ipwfd, and approved of by the Commiffioners, for or on Account of any Thing done or to be done by virtue of this Aft, or on any Account whatsoever relating to putting the iame into Execution, every fitch Perfcn fo oifuidine (hall be incapable of ever ferving or being employed in any Matter under this Ad, and fhall, over and above forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds to any Perfcn or Pet Ions who (hall fue for the fame by Action of Debt* B-1J, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record in Ireland, within Six Calendar Months aftci the Offence flijli be committed, with lull Colls of Suit, in which Suit or Profecution no Effoign, Protection^ or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance lhall be allowed.

XII.	And be it further enacted. That if any Collector or Receiver, or Baisnceof

other Perfon employed by the Commiffioners who fhall have received any	j',v*

Sum of Money by virtue or for any of the Purpofes of this Aft, fhall paid over at die beiore he or they fhall have fully paid arid fatisfied all the Money fo the Tin* of

iii*	1 v*	J	r	1	y-N	r*	1	r*	aj*	Receiver s

received by him, then and in every luch Cafe the hxecutors or Ad mi-	t0 bc

niftrators, or other Perfon or Perfons pofiefling the late Eftace and Eftefts P^'1 b)Kxecu-of every fuch Perfon fo dving, fhall be liable ro pay and make good all c„f d.8 e' fuch Sums of Money by fuch Collector or Receiver, or other Perfon lb Eitate, received and not paid, and the fame fhall be recoverable by Aftion or Suit in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record in Ireland againft fuch Executors or Adminiltrators, Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid, for the Recovery of the fame.

XIII.	And be it further enafted, That the Commiffioneis fhall caufepro- 3^, t0 per Books to be provided and kept, in which they (hall, either by themlelves kep>.°fPio-> or by their Clerk for the Time being, caufe regular Entries and Accounts tetd,n£*' to be made of the feveral Meetings, held in puriuanee of this Act, and of

the Commiffioners ptefent thereat refpeftively, and of the Nomination of all Officers and Perfons to aft in the Execution thereof, and of ail Afts,

Orders, Rules, Refoiutions, Proceedings, Matters, and Things relative to the Execution of this Aft, and alfo an'Account of all Monies to be alfef-fed or r.ufed, and to be raifed or payable by virtue hereof, and of the Payment and Application or the fame, and of al(Comrafts to be made by any Perfon or Perfons by virtue or in purfuance of this Aft, all which faid Accounts lhall be txamintd, adjufted, and fettled by the Commiffioners affembled at any Meeting to be held in purfuance of this Aft quarterly at leaf! or oftener, and the Commillioners fo examining, adjufiing, and fettling fuch Accounts, and alfo their Clerk for the Time being, fhall.fub-fcribe their Names to the lame, and the Chairman of fuch Cominiffioners affembled as aforefaid, and their laid Clerk by their Order, fhall alfo fub-fenbe their Names, at the end of their Proceedings at every fuch Meeting; and all Entries in their Books of fuch Proceedings being figned by the Commillioners aflembled thereat and making or ordering the fame by virtue or in purfuance of this Aft, and by their Clerk, fhall be deemed Originals, and the lamc.or true and atcefted Copies thereof, lhall be admitted to bc read in Evidence in any Court whatf.evcr, in all Caufes,-Suiis, or Aftions, and upon all Occafions whatfoever, touching any Thing done in purfuance or by virtue of this Aft, and fuch Books fhall be kept by the C!erk to the Commiffioners for the Time being, or by fuch other Peifon or Perlons and at fuch Place as the Comnuifioneis fhall dire ft, and {Lie. (3 Per.J	9	E	dv.

7 54-

A-'ion! to be in the Name of tht Treafurer,

who (hall be reimburftd hi* Expences.

Streets to be pared.

Conybiflion* ers may dig ♦travel, See.

•* ?, VH,V"‘ } f f 1 |	.	anl't

48® GEORGII III. Cap 45.

the fame (hall reflectively at all convenient and feafonable Times with* out Fee or Reward, be open and liable to the Infpeftion of the Commif fioners and of all Perfons rated and addled for the Purpofes of this Aft, or otherwile affefted thereby.

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That the Commifiioners (hall and may lue and be fued in the Name of their Treafurer for the Time being ; and that all Aftions or Suits that it may be neceffiry to bring for the Recovery of any Penalty or Sum of Money due or payable, by virtue of this Aft, or for or in refpeft of any other Matter or Thing, relating to this Aft, ftiall be brought in the Name of their faid Treafurer; and that no Action or Suit which may be brought, commenced, or profecuted, by oragainlt fuch Commifiioners, or any of them, by virtue or on Account of tnis Aft, Ihall abate or be difeontinued by the Dtath, Sufpenfion, or Removal of fuch Treafurer, or by any Aft or Default of luch Treafurer, done or fuffered without the Confent or Direction of the Commifiioners for the Time being, but the Treafurer to the Commifiioners for the Time being Ihall always be deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in fuch Aftion or Suit (as the Cafemay be): Provided always, that every fuch Tieafurcr, in whofrName any Aftion or Suit Ihall be commenced, profecuted, or defended inpuifuance of this Aft, (hall always be reimburfed and paid out of the Monies to arife by virtue of this Aft, all iuch reafonable Cofts, Charges, and Ex-pences, as he (hail be put to or become chargeable with, by Reafon of his being fo made Plamtiff or Defendant therein, and (hall not bepeifon-ally anfwerableor liable for the Payment of the lame, or any Part of 'hem, unlefs fuch Aftion or Suit (hall arife in confequenre of his otkn wilful Negleft or Default, or unlels it fhall have been brought or commenced or defended without the Order or Direction of the Commifiioners.

XV.	And be it further enafted. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commifiioners, and they (hall have full Power and Authority from Time to Time, and at all Times when and as often as they Ihall think proper, tocai.fe, order, and diiect the public Streets, Squares, Lancs, Ways, Paffages, and Places now being or hereafter to be made in the iaid Town, or any Part or Parts of fuch Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Paf* fages, or Places, as well thofe ufed by Carnages, as thofe ufed by Foot Pjf-fengers, to be paved, (lagged, repaired, railed, lowered, or altered, in fuch M.inner and with fuch Materials as the faid Commiffiiners IhaU think ptoper, and the Perfon or Perfons authorized or direfted by them to do the fame, (ball have full Power and Authority to do the fame accordingly.

XVI.	Andbeit further enafted, That the faid Commifiioners or their Surveyor, or fuch other Perfon or Perfons as they or he Ihall employ or appoint, having an Order in Writing under the Hands of the faid Commifiioners for that Purpofe, may and 3re hereby empowered to cut, dig, take, and carry away Stones, Gravel, Chalk, Sand, or other Materials proper for any of the Pur poles of this Aft, out of and from any Wade Ground or Common without pay ing any Thing for the lame, fuch Surveyors or other Perfons filling up the Pits and Quarries, levelling the Ground or (loping down the Banks‘whfcre fuch- Materials Ihall betaken, or railing or fencing off fuch Pits or Quarries fo that the lame may not be dangerous to Paf.

7	fengers

7 55

48° G EORGII III. Cap.45.

fengers or Cattle, and fo that the Lands adjoining may not be injured ; or from or out of any Quarry or Quarries already open within Three Miles cf the Bridge of the faid Town of Fermoy, paying a realonable Compenfa-tion to the Owner or Owners of fuch Quarry or Quarries for the fame; and in cafe of any Difference between luch Owner or Owners, and the faid Commiflioners concerning fuch Campenfation, it fhall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Jultices of the Peace of the faid County or Place where fuch Quarries fhall be fituate, on Ten Days Notice thereof in Writing being given by either Party to the other, or left at their refpedtive Places of Abode, to hear, fettle, and determine the Amount of fuch Compenlation.

XVII.	And be it further enadled, That r.oOwner or Occupier cf any Houfe or Houfes, Building or Buildings, Ground or Land within the faid Town fn"g fom/of" of Fermoy, fhall at any Time make or caufe or fuffer to be made any Pavement. Alteration in or in the Form of the Pavement or Pitching of the Foot or Carriage Way, before, behind, or at the Side of his or her Houfe or Houfes,

Building or Buildings, Ground or Land, nor any opening in fuch Pavement or Pitching, for the Purpofe of conveying Coal or other Things into any Vault or Cellar under the fame, or for the Purpofe of admitting Lighc into any Room, Chamber, or Cellar, or other Purpofe whatfoever, without the Confent c f the faid Commiflioners in Writing, to be figned by the Clerk oF the faid Commiflioners for the Time being, at fome public Meeting to be held in purfuance of this Aft; and alfo without the Confent in Writing of the original Leffors of the Premifes, his, her, or their Afligns cr Succeffors, under their Hands firft had and obtained; and that where any fuch Alteration or Opening fhall be made with fuch Confent as aforefaid, fuch Alteration or the Covering or Grating to or for fuch Opening fhall be made, and from Time to T ime repaired and altered at the Expcnce of the Pcrfon or Persons to whom fuch Confent fhall be given, and fhall be made of fuch Materials and of luch Dimenfions and in fuch Manner and Form as the faid LefTees, his, her, or their Afligns or Succeflors fhall think proper and direft; and in cafe any fuch Owner or Occupier fhall caufe fuch Alteration, Opening, Grating, or Covering to be made without fuch Confent as aforefaid, or after fuch Confent had fhall make or caufe ihe fan-e to be made contrary to the Direction of the faid Leffors, his, her, or their Afligns or Succcfl'ors, or fhall not repair, amend, alter, or place the fame or caufe the fame to be repaired, amended, alrercd, or placed in fuch Manner anti within fuch Time as (ball be exprtffed in a Notice to be given to him or her by Order of the faid Leffors, his, her, or their Afligns, or by the faid Commiflioners or their Clerk for the Time being, by their Dircdlion to be expreffed in the Manner herein-before mentioned, it fhall thin be lawful for ihe faid Commiflioners and they are heieby authorized to caufe fuch Alteration, Opening, Grating, or Covering to be removed, altered, repaired or placed (as the Cafe may be) as they fhall diredt or think proper, and the Charges and Expences attending the fame, together with any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings as a Penalty for ft ch Offence, over and above fuch Charges and Expenres, fhall be pa'd by fuch Owner or Occupier, and fhall be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Owner or Occupier, in like Manner as the Rates herein-aftcr dire&ed and required to be raifed and jevied are direCTed to be recovered ; and the Overplus (if any) of the Mo-

756

DtfefH in Pavement to be made good.

rower to pro. vide Lamp*.

48* GEOIIGII III. Cap. 45.

nies to arife, thereby, after deducting fuch Charges and Expences as afore-faid, and all the Colts and Expences attending luch Diftrefs and Sale being returned to fuch Owner or Occupier.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted, That after the Expiration of Twelve Calendar Months after the palling of this Aft, if any Two or more Houie-keepers wichin the faicJ Town o' Fermoy, (hall make Compiaincir. Writing under their Hands to the laid Commiflioners at any Meeting, or to their Clerk orSurveycr, of any Deleft or wantof Kepair in any of the Pavements of any of the Streets, Squares, Lancs, Ways, Pafiages or Places within the faid Town of Fermoy, which fhall bepaved by vtrtueor in purluanceofthis Aft, then and in every fuch Cafe the faid Commiflioners or any Two or more of them or the Surveyor of the faid Commiflioners duly authorized for that Purpofe under the Hands of at leaftTwo of the faid Commiflioners fhall forthwith infptft the Pavement fo complained of, and if the fame (hall be by them found defective, and fo reported to be to the faid Commiflioners at any of their Meetings for putting this Aft in Execution, they the laid Commiflioners (hall forthwith 2ivc-Ordcrs to their Contractor or Contractors, Pavior crPaviors torepa rthefame, ai.diftheContraftoroiContractors, Pavior or Paviorsofthefaid Commiflioners to whom fuch Orders (hailbegivtn, fhall not within Six Days next after the Receipt thereof, repair the faid defeftive Pavement, then and in every luch Cafe the faid Contractor or Contraftors, Pavior or Paviors, fhall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Day that the faid defeftive Pavement fhall remain unrepaired after the Expiration of the faid Six Days.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That it (ball be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to T ime, to provide Lamp Irons or Lamp Polls, and to caufe the lame to be fet up or affixed into, upon, or againlt any Hcufes or Ground adjoining to, or the Walls, Paliladoes, or Iron Rails of fuch Houfes, Tenements, or Buildings, already built or buildiug, or which (ball hereafter be built, within fuch Part of the laid Town of Fermoy as aforefaid, as they the faid Commiflioners lhall from Time to Time think proper and convenient, and alfo to caufe fuch Number of Lamps, cf fetch Size and Sorts, to be provided and fixed or put upon fuch Lamp Irons or Lamp Ports, and to caufe the fame, when fo provided and fixed, to be altered,taken down, and removed, as they (hall from Tim- to Time think proper, for well and effectually lighting the faid Town of Fermoy, and alfo to caufe fitch Lamps to be lighted, at fuch Time or Times, and to be kept lighted during the whole or fuch Part or Parts of the Night, as they the faid Commiflioners fhall think proper; and if any Perfcn cr Prrfons fhall wilfully or maliciouflv break, throw down, difplace, take away, extinguilh, damage, or fpoil, any Lamp or Lamps, put or to be put up, by virtue of this Aft, or wilfully damage the Polls, Lons, or other Furniture or Materials belonging thereto or ufed therewith, or wilfully hinder or ob-ftruft any of the faid Commiflioners or Officers employed in the Execution of this Aft, in his or their refpeftive Duty, every Pcrfon or Pcrfons lo offending in any of the Matters aforelaid, (which fhall be taken and deemed diftinft and leparite Offences), lhall, upon being convicted theteof before the faid Commilfioners, by the Oath or Affirmation of One or more Witnefs or Witn: fifes, or by the Confcffion of the Party before the

4S* GEORG 11 III. Cap. 45.	757

faid Commiflioners, fuifcit and pay any Sum not excteding Five Pounds; One Moiety thereof	(lull	go to the Informer, and	tiie other

Moiety for the Purpofts of this	Aft,	over and befides making	fuch Satis-

faftion in Money for the Limp or Lamps fo broken, thrown down, dif-placed, nken away, extinguilhtd, damaged, or fpoiled, as fuch Commif-lioncrs fliall think re..fonable, and tball order to be paid, fuch Penalties and Sat sfaftion, to be iaifed and recovered a3 ocher Penalties are herein direft-ed to be railed and recovered.

XX.	A d be it fuither enafted, That it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiffion-

,	,	.	c \	‘ tv/T *	ers mnj	con-

Comm flioncrs, Worn 1 imr to 1	ime,	at any of their Meetings,	to contract	traa for	pa?*

and agiee with any PerLn or Perlons for paving, repairing, railing, lower- j£|» lighting, ing, or altering all or any of the Lid Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways,

PafTage*, and Places, < r any Pa t or Parts thereof, and alfo for a lufficient Number of Lamps neceffary to be fixed and fet up in the faid Town of Fermoy, and Limp Lons, Ports, or other Materials neceflary or convenient for fixing the fan e, from Time to Time, and for providing and furnifh-ing the lame Limps with all Requifites, and for lighting, fupporting, amending, and repairing the fame; bnt before any fuch Contraft or Contracts fhall be entered into, Ten Days’ Notice at the leaft Jhall be giv n, by fixing the fame on the Seflions Houle and Church Doors of the laid Town of Fermoy, exprefling the Purpofe or Purpoles of fuch Contraft i r Conoafts, in order that any Perfon or Perfons willing to undertake the fame may make Propofals for that Purpofe, to be offered to the faid Cotn-m fiione:s ac a certain Time and Place, in fuch Notice to be mentioned; and the faid Commiflioners (hall, and they are hereby required, to take Security fiom every luch Contraftor for the due Performance of his or her Comraft; Provided always, that no fuch Contraft or Contrafts fliall be deemed good or valid, if ihe fame (hall be made for a longer Space or Term than Two Years from the Time of entering into fuch Contraft or C on trails.

XXI.	And be it further enaft, !, That every fuch Contraft or Contrafts Contrafts to (hnli ipeciry the feveral Works to be done, and the Piices to be received or paid fur the (am-, and the '1 ime or Times when the faid Works are to turners, be completed, and thePenalties to be incurred in cafe of Non performance t itieof, and fliall be figrted by the faid Commiflioners, or any Five or more of them, and alfo by the Perfon or Perfons coritrafting to perform fuch Woi It* refpeftivtly; and luch Contraft or Contrafts fhall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept lor that Purpofe by the Clerk of the faid Commiffijners.

XXII.	And belt further enacted, That from andafter the paflingof thisAft Proptrtv of the Prop rty ot all the prelent and future Pavements, and all Lamps, =11 Materials 1 amp I ons, Puffs, and other Things thereto belonging, in all or any of vefted.inthe the laid S.reets, Squares, Courts, Rows, Lines, R^ads, Ways, Alleys, fioJTerf' PaffagCN and Maces, in the fa d Town of Fermoy, and alfo all Chains’ horn. Timber, Furniture, Watchboxes and Houfes, Horfes, Carts, Tools’

Utenlils, Implements, Materials, and all other Articles, Matters, and i hongs whatfuever, which fhall or may be erected, fixed, or placed, purchaf-t , provided, or made ule of, by virtue and for the Purpofes of this Act, anrjof ..11 Materials, Implements, and otherThings, which fhall or may be [Arm. y Per.]	9F	hereafter

75$

4S" GEORGI1 III. Cap. 45.

hereafter purchafed, gotten, or provided, for fuch Purj oles as afutef rd, and of all the Filth, Soil, Dung, Manure, or Dirt, which dull aril-r or be made in, and all fuch Dirr, Alin *, Cinders, Dung, and Filth, as fliall be takt nor carried away fiom all and every of the Houfes within the fai l S reet-, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Pillages, and Places, ro be paved, n paited, raifed, lowered, or altered, and of all Cefspoois, Bunnies, Watefcourfes, and Sewers, now made or hereafter to be made, in the (aid Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways Paflages, and Places, within the Did Town of Ftrihoy, (hall belong to and be the Property of, and the fame are hereby vefted in the faid Comniffioner?, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring, or caule to be breugh , any Action or Actions and to pretrr or order and direft the ptefernng of lany Bill or Bills of Indi&tnrnt (as the Cale (hall require) againlt any Perfon or P rlons who diail bteatt up, Ipoil, damage, injure, deftroy, (teal, take, carry away, or detain the lame, or any Part thereof, or didurb them in the Poffrlhon thereof, and from Time to Time to lell and difpofe of, for the Purprfes if this Aft, ail or any Part thereof refpectively, in fuch Manner as ihey (hail think proper.

Scavenger! to XXIII. And be it further enafled, That it flia’l and may be lawful to and be employed, for the faid CommiUioners, at any of the Did Meeting', to contract and agree with any Perfon or Pcrfons to be and aft as Scavenger or Scavengers within the laid Town of Fermoy, to fweep and cleanfe the lame -, and the Perfon or Pcrfons employed in or contrafting to clean fuch Stretts, Squares, Lanes, Ways, PaiDgcs, and public Places as atoref id, (hall Twice in eveiy Week, that is to fay, on Wednesday and Saturday between the Hours of Seven and Eleven in the Forenoon, and upon loch o.her Days, and at fuch othei Hours as the Comnuffioriers aforeDid (hall from Time to Time appoint, fweep and colleft together all Dirt, Dolt, Filth, or Rubbifh, in fuch Streets, Squarts, Lanes, Ways, P (Dges, ana public Places, and (hall alfo bring, or caul'e to be brought, a Cart or other proper Carriage into luch Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, PaiT ges, and public Places, where fuch Cart or other Cirriage can pals, at d (hall at his ~r their Approich with fuch Cart or other Carriage, and not before, by Sound of Bell, Voice, or otherwife, give Notice to the Inhabitants of his or their coming, and g ve the like Notice in every Court, Pallage, or Place into which fuch Cart or Carriage cannot pafs and abide and day a convenient Time in or near fuch Places refpeflively fo th d the Inhabitants or Perfons concerned may bring forth their Dirr, Dull, Affies, and other Filth (except Filth from any Pri.y or Neceffary Houle) to the Doors of their relpeclive Houfes and Premilcs, and there leave the fame in lome convenient Place near their Doors, Iroin whence the faid Scavenger or Scavengers, or other Ferlon or Pcrlons as aforeDid, (hall take and put into (uch Cart or Carriage all luch Dull, Dirt, Afhes, and Filth, (except as aforefaid) or otherwife the faid Scavenger or Scavengers, Per-lon or Perfons (hall, if required, come into liah Part of their refpeftive Houfes and Premil’es where fuch Dirt, Dull, Afhes, and other Filth as aforefaid (hall be kept, and take the Dme from thence, and the faid Dud, Dirt, Afhes, and other Filth, as well as all focti other Dud;, Dirt, Dung, Afhes, and oiher Filth, as (hall be ("wept up and collected together as aforefaid (except as aforefaid) the Did Scavenger or other Officer, or Pcrfons appointed for that Purpofe, fnall then immediately, or as foon

as

759

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap.as.

as may be, cany away, or caufe to be c rriecl away, to the Piace or Places to be appointed by the faid Coinniiffi mer-. for depefiting ti.e fame, up n pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Twenty Sh llings for every luch Offence or Neglect i and every Perfon atfling as fuch Scavenger f -r the l'nie oemg fhal I caufe the Wordslt Scavenger sCart to be painted, tngctlicr with his Name anti Number, in'large Roman Letters, on the Front or other cotifpicuous Piace of their Carts or Carriages, tor the Pur-pnlts afo efaid, on Pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings tor ev.ry fuch Negled therein-, and if any luch Scavenger or Scavengers, or other Perfon or Perfons a&ing as luch, or employed as af refcid, (hall fweep - r throw any Dull, Dirr, Alhes, or Filth, into the Sewers, Drains, Sinks, cr Watercourles, within the laid Town of Fermoy, tvery Perlon fo offending (hall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every fuch Offence.

XXIV.	And be itjfurther cnaded, That no Perfon or Perfons whomsoever, mall throw, c.tft, or lay, or caufe to be thrown, call, or laid, any Duft, Dirt, Dung, Alhes, or other Filth whatfoever, in the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Paffages, or Places (except the Dirt, Afhes, and Filth to be collected and put together, and placed as aforefaid, and except as herein-,.fter mentioned), on Fin of forfeiting and paying for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Shill.ngs nor (hall throw or call any fuch Dirt, Duft, Dung, Afhes, or other Filth whatfoever, into any of the Rivers, Brook', Sewer5, Drains, Sinks, or Water-courfes within the fame, upon Pain of forfeiting and paying for every fuch laft-mentioned Offence, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, but ftnli, and he, (lie, and they are hereby required to keep, or caufe to be kept, the fame in their refpedivc Houfes, Cellars, or Yards, until fuch Times as the Scavenger or Scavengers, or other Perfon or Perfons appointed to take away the fime as aforefaid, (hall come by or near their Houfes or Doors, with a Cart or other Carriage, for the Purpofe of carry-ing away the fame.

XXV.	Provided always, That no Perfon (hall be fubjeft to any Penalty as aforefaid, for or on Account of any Rubbilh or Dire in fuch Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Paffages, and Places as aforefaid, occafioned by the building, pulling down, altering, or repairing his or her Houfe or other Buildinn, nor for making any Lime into Mortar to be ufed in or for the Purpole of building, altering, or repairing the fame, in cafe there be full and luificient Space (in the Opinion of any Three or more of the Commiflionrrs, or their Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being) left in or at the Side of the Street, Square, Lane, Way, Paffage, or Place, whereon luch Rubbiih, Dirt, Lime, or Mortar lhall lie, or be placed, for Cariiages to pafs and repaf, and a fufficient W.y kept dear 1 r Foot Paffengers, by the Perfon or Perfons laying or cccafi ,n ng the lame to be laid or placed, and to as a fufficienr Light be, at his, her, or their osn lixpence, let anu maintained at the Place where fuch Dirt or Rub-I ilh, Lime or Mortar, (hall be fo laid or placed, between the Hours of Sun.fee a d Sun-rife, to prevent any Mifchtef happening to Paffengers or Cattle, and lo as (if the Commiflicners lhall think proper and dired) the lame to beendofed and fenced about in fuch Manner, and within fuch Tune as they in any Notice to be by their Order given to or left with

5	fuch

Perfons not to throw Dirr, &c. into the S.rceti.

Penalty not to extend to Runbith or Dirt, &c.

760

Penalty far taking away Dirt, &c.

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 45.

fuch Pcrfon or Pci foils (hall direct, and the fame (hall be removed at his, her, or their own Expence within a Time to be cxpreffed in a Notice to be in like Manner given or left to remove the lame.

XXVI.	And be it further enabled, That noPeifon or Perfons whomfoever fhall take or can y away, or caule 10 be taken or carried away any Dirt, Dud, Dung, Afhes or other Filth out of any furh Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Paffages, or Places as aforefaid, other th n fuch Scavenger cr other Officer or Perlon contracting or to be appointed for that Puipole as hrrein-befort is mentioned, on Pain of forfeiting any Sum not exteeding Twenty Shillings lor every fuch Offence.

«Lii*eri0 XXVII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained dial I extend to to keeper prevent any Perfon or Perfons frm preferving and keeping any Dirt, &c " ti ei	Dung,	Afhes,	M mure, Muck,Filth, or Rubr ifh, within h.-, her, or

ownUfi.1 their Houles, Yards, Gardens, or G ounds, or oiherwif- dilpoSfrg of'he fame for their own Ufe and Brncfic, fo as luch Dirt, Dult, Dung, Afhes, Minute, Mu k, Filth, or Rubbith, be not laid or placed in any of fuch Streets Square , Lanes Wars, Paffages. or Places as aforeUid, for anv longer 1 ime than (ha'l be n'-ceffary tor loading and carrying away the fa ne, or be fufierid to annoy any of the Inhabitants of the fa>d Town as aforefaid ; but in Cafe any Perlon fo iderving luch Dir , Dull, Dung, Allies, Manure, Muck, Filth, or Rubb.fh, fhall thereby annoy any of the Inhabitants, or fhall permit, or fuffer the fame ro remain fur any lunger Tune than from Sun-rifmg in the Morning to Sun letting in the Evening, bcfoie the fame fhall be earned away or ie-moved aft r Notice in W.i.ing ro him or her given, under the Hands of the laid comm'.li .ners 01 any Five or more of hem, or by their Clerk by their Order, or left ac fuch Perfon’s Dwelling Huufe, to remove the fame, fuch Perlon fo i {fending fhall forfeit the laid Dung, Manure, or Robbifh, and the Comnvffianers lhall direct their Scavenger to carry away the fame, and fhall alfb forfeit and pay any Sum noc exceeding Ten Shillings a Day that fuch Annoyance fhall be fuffer^d to remain after fuch Notice given as aforefaid.

Footwiyr.to	XXVIII. And be it further enafted, That the lefpedlivc Owners and Oc-

he *w*pt. ctipiers of Houles or other Buildings or Giounds or Land in the public Streets, Squares, Ways, Lanes, Paffages, or Places alreaoy nu.de or bu It, or which Avail hereafter be mads or built, within the laid 1'own, fhall and they are hereby requir e! from and immediately after the paff-ing of ihis Aft, to caule to be well and Efficiently Iwept and cleanled, the Footings, or Foot Pavements, before, behind, and on the Sides of the fame (is the Situatii n thereof (hall require) every Morning in the Year, brt'een the Hours of Seven and Ten of the Clock in the Ftvenoon of each D.y, and fhall a:fo caule the Dirt and Sell, arifing from luch fweeping and cleaning to be collefttd and put together in fuch Parr of ihe Street contiguous to his, her, or their iclpsfbvc Huufe or Houfif!, or other Buildings or Ground or Land as alutc anl, as the Did Comm'flioners, or any Three or more of them, Ihafl appoint, wuhouc obftrutting the Way or Road orSewers, or creating anyNutfance or Annoyance thereby, in orderthat the fame may be leady tor the loading andr..kmg away thereof by the Scavenger or Scavengers or other Peifun or Ptrfor.s

employed

v

4S°GEORGII III. Cap, 45.

employed in cleanfing fuch Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, PalTages, and Places*

XXIX.	And he it further enaded, That the faitl Commiffioners lhall have full Power and Authority to caule the faid Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, PalTages, and Places to be watered as oltcn as they fh.*Jl think fit; and alfo to caufc any Wells to be dug and funk, and any Pump or Pumps, to ce eredted in fuch Places as they fliall think proper, in any of the laid Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, PalTages, and Places within the laid Town, for the Purpofe of watering the lame, or for any other Puipole, and to caule the tame to be removed or altered, and the Expences thereof to be defrayed out of the Monies to be raifed by virtue of this Ad.

XXX.	And be it further enaded. That it lhall and may be lawful to and for the laid Commiffioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, as foon as conveniently may be after the palling of this Ad to purchafe One ot more Engine or Engines for the extinguiffiing cf Fire, and luch Number of Water Buckeis, for the Supply of fuch Engine or Engines as they (hall think fir, and to ered and build, and purchafe or rent a Place or Places proper for keeping fuch Engine or Engines and Buckets; and alio from Time to Time to appoint I'ome proper Perfon or Perfons to look after and manage fuch Engine or Engines and Buckets with fuch Wages or Salary, as they the laid Commillioners lhall think fit; and the Cods, Charges, and Expences of purchafing fuch Engine or Engines and Buckets, or providing a Place or Places proper for the fame, and of every Matter or Thing relating thereto, and alfo the Wages or Salary of the Perfon or Perfons looking after and managing luch Engine or Engines and Buckets, lhall be paid, borne, and defrayed out of the Monies to be raifed by the Rates or Alfcll'ments to be made by virtue of this Ad.

XXXI.	And be it further enaded. That the faid Commillioners (hall and may, and they are hereby authoris'd and required, from Time to Time, to order and eftablilh fuch Number of Watchmen, Beadles, Conftables, and other Officers, as they lhall judge needfary or proper, to be kept or employed in or about the laid Town, and lhall likewife dirtd and appoint how and where the feveral Watchmen, Beadles, Conftables, and other Officers, fliall be flationed, and in what Manner they lhall be armed, how often they lhall go their Rounds, how long they lhall continue upon Dun, and what Wages fliall be allowed to fuch Watchmen, Beadles, Conftables, and other Officers, for their Service, and ffiall and may alfo ered and provide proper Places, Boxes, or Watch Houfes, for the Reception of fuch Watchmen, Beadles, Conftables, and other Officers, as afurefaid, and lhall make all fuch Orders and Regulations as the Nature of the refpective Services ffiall to the faid Commiffioners appear to require, and as (hall be neceflaiy for preferving Peace and Order; and an effective Police within, and the Safety of the Inhabitants of the faid Town; and lhall caufe all fuch Nominations, Orders, and Regulations, as fliall be maae by them from Time to Time, for the better Direction and Government of fuch Watchmen, Beadles, Conftables, and other Officers, and for the other Purpofe* hit mentioned, to be printed, and

ec. Ss5 Per.J	9 G ^	Copies

76?

Streets to btt watered.

Enabling the

ComniiliiOn-

ers to provide a Fire Engine or Engines.

Watchmen,

Beadle, and Conftables.

Tranfcripts of Regulations,

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

Copies of them figr.ed by the Commiflioners, or any Three or more of them, and the Clerk to the Commiflioners for the Time bring4 and it (lull be lawful for fuch Watchmen, Beadles, Conftablcs, and other Officers, and they are hereby authorised and required, to keep Watch and Guard within the faid Town as aforefaid, and to arrcft, apprehend, detain and fecure, in the Watch Houfe, or foroe convenient PJace of Safety, within the faid Town, to be provided and appointed by the Watchmen, Commiflioners, all Malefaftors, Difturbers of the Public Peace, difonderly hend.° *PPre" ^crfons> Vagrants, Beggars, Petitioners, and all fufpcfted and fuch other Perfonsas fhall be found wandering or mifbehaving themlelves.andlhalltake fuch Perlon or Perfons within Twenty-four Hours (or as foon after ai conveniently may be) before any One of His Majcfty’s Joftices of the Peace afting in and for the faid County of Cork, to be examined and dealt with according to Law-, and the laid Beadles, Conftables, and other Officers, fhall, as often in every Night as fhall be ordered by any Three of the Commiflioners, go about their rdpeftive D iff rifts and Rounds to take Notice whether all the Watchmen perform 1 heir Duty in their feveral Stations, according to fuch Orders and Regulations as fhall be made and provided by the Commiflioners; and in cafe any Watchman fhall mifbehave himfelf, ornegleft his Duty, the faid Beadles, Conftables, or other Officers or Perfons refpeftively, fhall, as foon as c nveni-ently may be, give Notice thereof to the Clerk of the Commiflioners fer the Time being, who is hereby authorized tofufpend fuch Watchman from the Execution of his Office, and appoint another Perfon to officiate therein, until the next Meeting of the Commiflioners, when the laid Clerk fhall acquaint the Commiflioners affembled at luch Meeting with the Complaint againft fuch Watchman, in order that they may proceed to the Examination of the Offence or Charge, and fuch Watchman moreover fhall be fubjeft and liable to fuch Penalty for every fuch Ncgleft or Mifbe-haviour as is herein-after expreffed.

watchmen XXXII. And be it further enafted. That if fuch Watchmen, Beadles, Con-etoncgieft’ng ftables, and other Officers, or any of them, fhall not obferve, perform, Djt>-	and keep the Orders,Rules, and Regulations, which fhall be made for the

Purpofes aforefaid, by the Commiflioners, or fhall in.any Manner ncgleft their Duty, or mifbehave themfelves, every Pcifon fo offending fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Ncgleft or Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings and if the Commiflioners (hall think proper, fhall be immediately difeharged from his or their refpeftive Office or Employment.

ProviJlng XXXIII. And he it further enafted, Thatit fhall and may be lawful to and Watchmen	^or t*lc kid Commiflioners, or any Five or more of them, to give fuch

,1C' "	Rewards in Money to the Watchmen refpeftively to be appointed as

aforefaid, who may be difabled or wounded in the Execution of their Office, as they the faid Commiflioners fhall think real'onable, fuch Money to be paid out of the Monies to be raifed for the Purpofes of this Aft.

Penalty on XXXIV. And be it further enafted. That if any Victualler, Publican, or Pnbiiians bar* dther Perfon, felling Spirituous or other Liquors, fhall entertain or harbour Watchmen	Ms, her, or their Houfe or Habitation or Shop, any Watchman to be

during the	appointed under this Aft, during any of the Hours or Times appointed

48°GEORGII till. Capa

fer fuch Watchman to be on Duty, in virtue or in ptrfuance of this Aft, then every fuch Vial trailer. Publican, or other Perfon, lhall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XXXV. An be it further eiiafted^That if any Perfon crPerfonS (ball upon Certain ASt^ any of chcprCfentorfuturc Pavements of the Streets,Squares, Ways, Lanes, raitteriintho Paflages, and public Places now made or built or which (hall hereafter be suceo. made or built within the faid Town as afotel'aid which is now or any Time hereafter (hall be raifed above the Carriage Way, and ufed as a Foot Way or upon any other Foot Way, defigned and appointed for a Foot Way only, carry any lighted Flambeau, Link, or Torch, other than (or the Links,'etc!* Purpofe of lighting a Sedan Chair, having a Perfon therein, or for the Purpofe of lighting the Public Lamps within the faid Town; or lhall run, draw, drive, or carry thereon any Truck, Wheel, Sledge, Wheel-barrow, (except for conveying Bread, Furniture, or Luggage to any

rows, etc.

Houfr) Bier, Handbarrow, or Carriage whatfoever, or lhall roll any Calk other than for it he neceflary loading or unloading thereof, in, upon, from or out of any Carriage, or (hall thereon wilfully ride, lead, or drive, any Cattle of any Kind, or any Beaft, whether loaded with Coal, Vegetables, or other Goods or Wares for Sale or not, or (hall fufFer any Horle or other Beaft to (land upon the faid Foot Way, or upon any of the Croflings, or lhall in any of fuch Streets, Squares, Ways, L.anrs, Paflages, or public Places as aforrfaid, burn, drefs, or cleanfe, any Cork, or fhall hoop, fire cleanfe, walh, or feald, any Cafk, or empry any of the Contents of any Calk therein, or (hall hew, faw, or cut any Stone, Wood, or Timber, or (hall,' flake any Lime, or bore any Timber (except for the Purpofes of rebuilding, altering, or repairing, any Houfe or Building, in the Manner herein menrioned, or for any of the Purpofes by this Aft required or authorized to be done, in which Cafes the fame (hall, if the Commiflianers fhall think proper and direft, be fenced and inclofed in the Manner herein-after mentioned) Or (hall make or repair any Coach, Waggon, Sledge, or other Carriage in any of luch Streets, Squares, Ways, Lanes, Pafiages, or public Places, as afor< faid, (except fuch Carriages as may want immediate repairing from any fudden Accident upon the Spot, and which cannot be Conveniently removed for that Pergol'e) or lhall (live or (except in Cafes of Accident) bleed, or (hall turn loole any Horfe, Afs, or otherBraft therein, or if the Driver of any Waggon, Cart, Sledge, cr other Carriage, (hall in any or the faid Streets, Squares, Wa\s, Lanes, Paflages, or public Piaces, ride on the Shafts, or in or on any Part of fuch Waggon, Cart,

Sledge, or other Carriage without Ueins, or on any of the Hoifes or Cattle draw.ng the fame, or if any Perlon (hall drive any Cattle, or diive any Horfe Oi other Beaft, within the faid Town fo furioufly as thereby to caufe a peTonal Danger to any one whomfoever, or lhall in any of the faid Streets, Squares, Lanes* Ways, Paflages, or public Places, (hew or ex-pofe any Stallion or Stone Horfe, or lhall make any Bonfiie, or let off or fire any Crackers, Squibs, or other Fireworks, or fhall fuffer his ot their MaftifF or Bull Dog, or MaftifF or Bull 'Bitch, to go unmuzzled^ after Notice given by any Perfon whomfoever to the Owner thereof, or any of Ins or her Servants to confine the fame, or if’any Perfon fhall fift, caft, throw, cr lay any Afhes, (except in the l ime of Fruit only and to prevent Accidents) or any Duft, Muck, Dungv Soil, Filth, Rubbiih, Rtfufc ot Garden Stuff, Blood, Offal, Carrion, or -any other ofienfive Matter ot

Thing,

764

48° GEORGII III. Caff. 45.

Thing, in any of the faid Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Paffages, and public Places, or (hall winnow Corn therein, the fame (hall be re-ipedtively confidered as an Offence againft this Ad, and every Peifon fo offending in any of fuch Cafes lhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and p -y any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings; and if any Perlon or Per-ions (hall kill or (laughter, or (hall finge, leald, drefs, or cut up any Animal ei her wholly or in part, in any of fuch Streets, Squares, Ways, Lanes, Alleys, Paffages, or public Places, or in any Place whatfutver (lave and except in a proper Slaughter Houle) every Perfon fo offending in any of the Matters aforefaid, (hall for every luch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Two Pounds.

Annoyancestu XXXVI. And be itfurtherenadled, That from and after theCommencement >« removed. 0p ^	a||	pl0thoul'es, Bow Windows, Shutters, Signs, Sign-Pofts,

Sign-Ir-ns, Shew-Boards, Spouts, Gutters, Steps, Pales, Kails, Palifa-does, Fences, Grates, Projedtions, or Cellar Windows, as in the Judgment of the Majority of the Commifiioners attending at any Meeting of the Commilfionets, fhall be inconvenient or dangerous to Paffengers upon any of the prefent or future Footways or Carriageways of fuch Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Paffages, and public Places, or which are not as herein-after directed in refpect thereof, fhall within Twenty-one Days after a Day to be exprefied in a Notice figned by the faid Commifiioners, or any Five or more of them, and their Clerk for the Time being, to be for that Purpofe given to or left with the Owner or Occupier of the Houfes or other Buildings or Lands, to whom fuch Matters and Things as aforvfaid, or any efthem, (hall refpedtively belong, be taken down, filled up, removed, altered, or repaired by or at the Expence of the Owners or Occupiers thereof, under the Infpection and Diredlion of the Surveyor or other proper Officer of the faid Commifiioners; and in cafe the relpedive Owners fhall negledk or refufe to obey fuch Notices, and to oblcrve and perform the feveral Ma'ters and Things hereby refpedtively required to be done within the Time aforefaid, then fuch Owner (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every Week the fame (hall fo remain undone, and then alfo it (hall be lawful for the faid Commifiioners to caule the (ame to be taken down, filled up, removed, altered, repaiied, and fixed, in the Manner and for the Purpofes aforefaid, and (hail return or caule to be returned to the relpect-ive Owners thereof, or be left on the Spot from whence the fame (hall be fo refpedtively removed, or as near thereto as conveniently may be for fuch Owners as aforefaid, fo much of fuch Matters and Things as aforefaid. as (hall not be affixed or Jet up, or otherwife made ule of in the Alterations diredted by this Adi; and the Changes and Expences attending the lame fhall be recovered from the Owners thereof relpeclivcly, in the fame Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures infiidiecl by ibis Act are directed to be recovered on Nonpayment; and if fuch Owners, or any other Perfon or Perlons (ball caule loch Matters and Things to be placed, eredfed, built, or made contrary to the Dircdfions of this Adi, or lhall caufe any Incroachment or Annoyance whatfoever, every fuch Owner or other Perfon for every Week he or (he (hal)fooffend(hall forfeit and pay any Sum not ex-ceedingTen Shillings, or otherwife it fnall be lawful for any Five of the laid Commifiioners as aforefaid, to order the fame to be taken down, filled up,removed, alctrtd, or repaired in fuch Manner as they lhall think proper,or as

V *	3	is

765

4Sa GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

is l>erein-nfter duedfed in rrfpedt thereof, without giving any Notice to the Owner or otherPcifon orP.rons offending therein, and cheChargesand Ex-pencesattcndine the tame, IHallormaybe rtcoveied from theOwnerorPerfon o: Pe t ns fo offending, in the I' me Manner as is lad hcrein-before diredled:

Provided al -. ays,' that nothing herein contained (hall extend or be con-ftrued to extend to Projedions trta le or to be made in the Nature of Bow Wind >ws in any of the prrfcnt or future Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways,

Paflagts, or public Piaces in the faid Town of Feimoy, in cafe fuch Proprietors do no advance beyond the Areas of the refptdtue Houfes, or in cafe there rti.ll be no Area, do not advance more than One Foot oeyond the Front Wall of the P.emifes to which luch Projections adjoin: Provided . alfo, that in cafe fuch Occupier or Occupiers fhall be required to make fuch Alterations, Matters, a d Things aforelaid, then it lhall be lawful for him, her, or them, to dedudl the Corts, Charges, and Expences of making the fame out of his, her, or their next Kent, and fuch Landlord and Landlords is and are hereby required to allow the fame accordingly.

XXXVII.	And be it further enadled, That all Signs in any of the faid Direction* Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Pillages, and public Places, (ball be *?^jhlr^ater. placed and fixed flat upon or againft the Front Walls cf the Houfes, or pipes,’etc-other Building', to which they belong, and that all the Water which fliall «.ome from the Koof-, Cornices and Penthoufes, of all Houfes or other Buildings within the faid Streets, Squaies, Lanes, Ways, Paflages, and public Places, fhall be conveyed by proper and fufficient Pipes or Trunks, to be fixed on the Fronts or Si<Jes of l'uch Houfes, or other Buildings, by the Owners or Occupiers thereof; and in cafe fuch Owners or Occupiers fhall not eredt the fame, upon receiving f en Days Notice to thac Effedt, that it fliall and may be lawful for the Commiffioners to eredt the lame, at the Expence of fuch Owners or Occupiers, fuch Expence to be levied and recovered as otiier Monies are herein directed to be levied ar.d recovered.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enadled, That if any Horfe, Swine, Beaft, or p.eTentjn? other Animal, fhall at any Time be found wandering about any of the ut kvv.wJer-faid Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Paflages, or public Places, now made, yjs ^su,e • or heieaf er to be made or built, wrhin the laid Town of Fcrmcy, it (hall ' be lawful for any Officer or Officers to be appointed by the faid Com-miffioners, or for any of the Inhabitants of the laid Town, to impound fuch Horfe, Swine, Beaft, or other Animal, in fuch Place as the laid Commiffioners fhall appoint, and the fame there to detain, until the Owner or Owners thereof fhall, for each Beaft or other Animal lo impounded, pay a Sum of Money, not exceeding Five Shillings to the Treafurer for the l ime being to the Commiffioners, towards the Pur-pnfes of this Adi, and alfo the Sum of One Shilling to the Perfon impounding the fame, befides the reafonable Charges and Expences of impounding and keeping the fame; and in cafe the faid Sums, Charges, and Expences, fliall not be paid wiihm Seven Days after fuch impounding, it fhall be lawful for luch Perfon as fhall be appointed by the faid Commiflimers for that' Purpofe, giving Ten Days previous Notice to the Owner or Owners of fuch Horfe, Swine, Bead, or other Animal, to fell, or caufe the fame to be fold, and the Money arifing from fuch Sale, after dedudting the faid Sums and the Charges and Expences [Lvc.&Pcr.]	9 H	aforcLid,

766

Carls, Carriages,etc. nor to be left in the Streets.

48° GEORGII IH. Cap.45.

aforefaid, and of fuch Notice and Sale, (hall be paid to the Did Treafurerj to be by him upon Application paid to the Pcr;on whole Property the Beaft, or other Animal, (o fold, lhall appear to h„ve been.

XXXIX.	And be it further enacted, That if any Carr, Carr, Waggon, Sledge, Dray, or other Carriage ufed for the Par pole cf conveying or carrying Goods, Merchandize, or any other Materials whatfoever, lhall at any Time be left or Coffered to ftand or continue in any of the faid Streets, Squares, Lanes Wavs, Paffages, or public Places already made or building, or which (hall hertafrer be made or built within rhe laid Town of Fermoy, for any longer Time than lhall be neceffary for the loading or unloading thereof, or lhall be fee, placed, or lefr, upon a y Part of che Foot CrofTings of any fuch Street, Square, Lane, Way, Paffige or Place, or (hall be fet or placed athwart or acrofs any Part of fuch Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Paffages, or Places, (although for the Purpofe of loading or unloading the fame) fo as there (hall not be fufficient Room Jett tor another Carriage to pafs, or if any Stage Coach, Puff Chai/e, or other Carriage let to hire, (except any Coaches (landing for hire, and fuch Coaches or Chaifcs as lhall be let as Jobs, or by the Day, or any fttpulared Time) fhall be fuffered to (land in any of fuch Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Paffages, or public Places as aforelaid, for a longer Time than (hall be neceffary for taking up and letting down Paffengers or Tiavcllers, or for loading or unloading their Luggage, or if any Timber, Scone, or Thing whatfoever, be drawn in any of fuch Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Paffages or public Places without the fame being placed on a Sledge or Carriage for that Purpofe, or if any Timber of Twenty Feet long or upwards, (hall be carried upon any Waggon, Cart, Sledge or other Carriage in or through the fame without being attended by one or more Perlon or Perfons, befides the Carter driving fuch Carriage, for the Purpofe of guiding the End of fuch l imber and preventing the fame from linking againfl any Pcrfbn, Houfe, Wall, or Building, or if any Timber, Iron, Lead, Bricks, Stones, Lime, Mortar, Hay, Straw, Wood, Faggots, Coals, Boards, Tubs, Calks, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Materials or Things, Rubbifh, Dud, Dirt, Dung, Filth, or other Nuifance or Annoyance whatfoever, (hall be thrown, laid, placed, or left in any fuch Street, Square, Lane, Way, Paffage, or public I lace as aforefaid, (except building, taking down, adding to, altering or repairing any Houfe, Tenement, or Building, or for any of the Purpoles authorized or required to be done in virtue or in purfuar.ee of this Aft, in which Cafes the fame fhall, if the Commiliioners (hail think proper and direft, be fenced and enclofed in the Manner hercin-after expreffed) and the fame (except as lad aforefaid) (hall be fuffered to remain for a greater Space of Time than (hall be neceffary for the hoofing or removing thereof, or if any Wood or Faggot Pile (hall be made or erefted within Twenty Feet of any fuch Houfes or other Buildings, then and in every fuch Cafe the Owner or Driver of every fuch Waggon, Cart, Carr, Dray, Sledge, Coach, Chaile, or other Carriage as aforefaid, and the Owners of any fuch Timber, Wood, Faggots, Lon, Sticks, Stones, Hay, Wood, Goods, Materials and Things, Dirt or Rubbifh'as aforefaid, or the Perfon or Perfons caufing fuch Annoyance as aforefaid, (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XL. And

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 4$*	7^7

XL. A m3 be it further enafted, That no Neceffary Houfe or Privy now bting, or which (hall hereafter be, within the faid Town, (hall be Ne ertary emptied at any other Time than between the Hours of Twelve at Houfe*. Niglu and Seven in th Morning; and if any Perfon or Perfons (hall empty any fuch NecelLry Houle or Privy at any other Time, then and in fuen Calc every Perfon fo offending (lull for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum noc exceeding Forty Shillings; and if any Perfon or Perfons (hall lay the Soil of any fuch Neceff.iry Houle or Privy in any ether Place than in luch Place or Places as (hall be appointed for that Purpose by the Commiffioner>, or (hall wilfully or negligently Jpill any of the Soil of any fuch Necelfary Houfe or Privy in any of the Streets, Squares, Lines, Ways, P.iflages, or public Places alieady made or built, or which (hall hereafter be made or built, wiihin the faid Town, every Pcrlon fo offending (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XLI. And be it further enabled, That if any Stones, Timber, Mortar, r°pre-Rubbifh, Materials, or other Things, (hall be laid or placed in any eenrireAcci* Hole or Opening which (hall be made in any of the Streers, Squares,

Lanes, Ways, Pafla^es, or public Places already made or built, or which indo.ed.

(hall hereafter be made or builr, within the (aid Town of Fermoy as afore-faid, for any Purpofe whatlbever, not prohibited by or contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft, the Owner of fuch Houfes, Materials, or other Things, or Perfon or Perfons caufing fuch Hole or Opening to be made, (hall, at his, her, or their Expence, caufe a Light to be affixed in or near the fame refpeftively, for fecuring Paffengers and Cattle fiom Accidents, evety Night from Sun-fetting to Sun-vifing, during the Time fuch Stones, Materials, Hole, or Opening lhall remain ; and alfo if the Comtnillioners (hall think proper and dirett lhall, ac his, htr, or their Expence, caufe fuch Stones, Materials or other Things, Hole or Opening, or either (as the Cafe may be) to be fenced and incloled, in fuch Manner as the CommifiTioners (hall think | roper, and continue the fame fo fenced and inclofed until the Stones, Materials or other Things, Hole or Opening (as the Cafe may be) (hall be removed, and in Default thereof lhall forfeit anti pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every Day’s Neglect; and the Comtnifljoners, on fuch Default being made, are hereby em-powcied to caufe foch Lights to be put up, and to fence and indole luch Stones, Materials, and other Things, Hole or Opening, fo found and inclofrd, and charge fuch Owners, or other Perfon or Perfons as aforelaid, with the Expences thereof refpedively, and to recover fuch Expences on Ketufal ro pay the fame to the Commiffioners, and the Ex-pences attending fuch Recovery, and to apply the lame in the fame Manner as other Expences are herein-before direded to be recovered and applied.

XLII. And be it further enaded, That if any Cellar Window or Win- Cellar Windows lhall be left open in the Evening, or in the Night, without the. be uftop-n* fame being fuflicicntly lignted to prevent Accidents ha; pening there-fiom, the Occupier or G cupiers of fuch Houfe or Cellar lhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay ary Sum not exceeding Five Shillings.

XLIII. And

768

Names of the Streets to be fet up, and Hcufes numbered.

Penalty on Prrfons obtruding W orkmtn.

Commi/fioner* may make Sewers, Drains, &c.

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commiffioners (hall and’rfiay* and they are hereby required to caufe to be plated on lome compicuous Part of forne Houle or Building at or near each End, Corner or Entrance of the feveral Streets, Squares, Lancs, Ways, Paffage , and public Places already made Or built, or which (hall heieaitcr be made or built within the faid Town, the Name of or by which every fuch Scree', Square, Lane, Way, Paffage or public Place is ufuaily or (lull he called or known ; and alfo (ball and may cauie any Houle, Shop, Warehouf*, or Building in the fame Streets, Square?, Lanes, Ways, Paffages, or public Places, to be marked and numbered in fuch Manner as they (hall think proper tor diftin-guilhing the fame; and if any Perfon dial! wilfully or m ilicioufly drftroy, pull down, injure, obliterate, cr deface any fuch Mark or Number, or the Names of the fame Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Paffages, and public Places, or any of them, or any Pan thereof, or caufe cr procure the fame to be done, every fuch Pcrfin to offending fhail for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XLIV. And be it further enadted, That if any Perfon or Perfons (ball at any Time or Times obltruit, hinder, or moleft, any of the Commiffioners or any Surveyor or Surveyors, Watchmen, Beadles, Conftables, or other Officer or Officers, Workmen, Per Ion or Perfons whomloever, who is, are, or (hall be employed by virtue of this Act in the Performance or Execution of their Duty, or of any other Matter and Thing to be done in virtue or in purluance hereof, every fuch Perfon fo offending (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, over and above fuch Penalties as are mflidted on any of the laid Offences by any other Law or Statute now in force.

XLV. And be it further enadted, That the faid Commiffioners (hall and may caufe fuch and fo many new Cefs Pools, Sewers, Drains, Vaults, Gutters, and Wateicourfes, as they may think fufficient and neceffary, to be dug and made in, along, or acrofs any of the faid Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Paffages, and public Places, and alfo any ot the Cefs Pools, Sewers, Drains, Gutters, and Vaults which new are or hereafter (hall be made within the faid Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Paifagcs, and public Places, to be enlarged, widened, raffed, altered, removed, repaired, cleanfed, or fcoured, when and as often as da them the laid Commiffi >nrrs (hall feem meet, and for any of the faid Purpofes (hall ard may from Time to Time caufe to be dug, carted, and carried out of or brought into the Lid Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Paffages, and public Places, or any of them, (uch Gravel, Stones, Bricks, and other Materials as they (hall judge neceffary ; and alfo fli.tll and may caufe fuch and lo many Grates or Openings to be made therein for the conveying and cauying off the Filth, foul and other Water, from the Houfes huiit or to be built in or adjoining iuch Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Paffages, or public Places into the faid Cefs Pools, Sewers, Drains, Gutters, and Vaults as the faid Commiffioners (hall and may think neceffary and expedient tor that Purpofe; and all Colts, Charges, and Expences in and about the making, enlarging, widening, repairing, cleaning, or fcouring fuch Sewers, Drains, and Vaults, (hall be borne and defrayed out of the Monies to be railed by virtue of this Act.

7

XLVI. And

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 45.

XLVI. And be it further enabled, That all private; Drains which now are or which (hall hereafter be made within any of the faid Streets, Squares, L-.ir.es, Wavs, Paffaees, or | ublic Places, within the faid Town of Fermoy, and which do or (hall ifl'ue into any of the public Sewers, Drains, or Vaults, (ball be repaired and cleanfed, under the InfpeClion and Direftion of the Surveyor, cr other proper Officer to the faid Commiffioners, at the Colls and Charges of the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of the Lands or Tenements to whiih the faid private Drains do and (hall refpec-trvely belong.

XLV1I. Andwhereasit would beofgreat Accommodation to the Inhabitants of the laid Town of Fermoy if a proper Houfe and Office within the faid Town were provided, where the Commifiioneis may from Time to Time meet for the Purpofe of putting this Adi into Execution, and lor the Tranf dlion of Bulinefs, and where the Books, Papers, and Writings belonging to the Commiffioners may be always fafely lodged and depofited, and the Inhabitants of the faid Town, and other Perfons interefted, may from Time to Time reforr, to infpedl the fame; and alfo if a proper Houfe or Place were provided, where the principal or chief Conltable or other Peace Officer to be appointed by the Commiffioners, might refide or repair, and be ready to anfwer on all public Occafions; and alfo if proper Buildings were provided within the Town aforefaid where all Perfons whom the Watchmen, Beadles, Conflables, or other Officers appointed by the Commiffioners, are hereby authorized and required to apprehend as aforefaid, might be (afely kept and detained during and until fmh Time as the fame Perfons can or may be taken before fome One of His Majefly’s Juflices of tne Peace in and for the faid County of Cork, in the Manner and for the Purpofes herein-before mentioned, and where an Engine or Engines for extinguiffiing of Fire, and Things appertaining thereto might be fafely kept, as herein-before mentioned, and for depofiting and keeping any Water Carts for watering the faid Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Paffages, and public Places, and for the depofiting ol the Materials, Tools, or Implements belonging to the faid Commiffioners or their Offic< ts, and alfo One or mote Piece or Pieces of Land lying within or near the faid Town, where the Dirt, Duft, Rubbiffi, Alhes, Soil, and Filth, of he faid Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, PalTages, and public Places, to be cleanfed by virtue of thi< Adt, and the Soil from N-celTary Houfes, m 7, under or by the Order, Permiffion, and Diredlion ot the Commiffioners, to be removed, carried, and laid ; be it therefore enatted. That it (nail be Lwfui for the faid Commiffioners, by and out of the Monies to be raifed in purfuance hereof, to purchaie, hire, or contraft for, or otherwife provide, a Houle or Houfes, Room or Rooms, or a Piece or Pieces of Land cr Ground, for the Purpofe of building a Houfe or Houfes, Room or Rooms, or fucli other proper and convenient Place or Places, in fuch Situat on in the faid Town of Fermoy, for all or any of the feveral Purpofes fit ft mentioned, and alfo a Piece or Pieces of Land not exceeding One Acre, either within the faid Town or out of the faid Town, for the Purpofe of depofiting fuch Rubbilh and Filth as laft mentioned, as they (hall think proper, fuch Houfe or Houfes, Room or Rooms, Place or Places, or Piece or Pieces of Land, to be holden either in Fcx Simpe at a Ground Renr, or without, or by Leafe or Lcafes on a Life or Lives renewable at a Fine or Fines certain, or for Terms of Years LLoc. & Per.']	91	certain.

769

Private Drains to be cleanfed.

Power to pro. vide Places for various Purpofes.

48® GEORG 11 III. Cap. 4 v

certain, or Years determinable and renewable on a Life or Lives, and from Time to Time to furrender, give up, fell, exchange, or difpofe of the fame, either by public Auftion, or private Contract, and to purchafe, fake, hire, or provide any other Houfe or Houfes, Room or Rooms, Place or Places, Piece or Pieces of Land of the fame or the like Tenure, to be ufed, employed, and enjoyed, for the Purpofes hertin-before mentioned concerning the fame refpechvely, as, and when, and as often as they fhall think proper; and the Commiffioners are hereby authorized and empowered to take a Conveyance, Grant, or Alignment of fuch Houfe or Houfes, Room or Rooms, Place or Places, Piece or Pieces of I,and, to them the Commillioners and their Succeffors, for the Purpoles aforefaid, and in like Manner to make a Conveyance thereof refpeftively, offuch of them refpechvely as they may think proper, to lell, or Uifpoie of as aforefaid, and fuch Houfe or Houfes. Room or Rooms, Place or Places, Piece or Pieces of Land, when fo purchafcd or uk<-n as aforefaid fhall bevelled in thr Commiffioners for the Time bring and tr.eir Succeffors for the Purpoles of this Aft; and the Commiffioners are heieby authorized to apply any Part of the Monies foto be raifcd in purlusnceof this Aft, not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, in the furmlhing, re-

Jtairing, altering, or adding to the Houfe or Houfe j Room or looms, Place or Places fo to be purchaled or taken, as aforefaid, or in building or erecting convenient or neceffary Buildings on the Piece or Pieces of Land or Ground for any of the Purpofrs afore'aid, and (hall all’o thereout pay and keep down all Ground 01 Quit referved Rent> due or payable in relpect of fuch Premifes, and all fuch Fines or Renewals of Leafes, if any, and the Monies which fhall arife from the Sale or S.les of fuch Freehold Premifes, or any Part thereof, or for fuch Furniture and Buildings as aforefaid, fhall be applied, as the other Momes c■■ be raifed and levied in purfuance of this Acc are hereby directed to be applied, or fuch of them as the Commiffioners fhall think proper cr conven.ent.

Per tons deem-	XLVIII. And be it further enafted. That in all Cafes where any Altera-

ed Owners tions as herein mentioned fhall be made to any Houfe or Building wherein hreate^ Ertate any Perf°n or Ferfons fhall have any greater Eftate, Term, or Intcreft than than 21 Years, for Twenty-one Years, fuch Perfon or Pcrfons (hall for the Purpoles of this Aft be deemed the Owner or Owners of fuch Houfe or Building for the Purpofe of fuch Alterations being made as aforefaid; any Thing herein contained, or any Law or Cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding,

XLIX. And be it further enafted. That no Head Builder, Mafter Car-Buddip's? penter, Mafon, or Workman, fhall, in rebuilding or new fronting any old Building, fituate in or near any Street, Square, Lane, Way, Paflage, or public Place within the faid Town, bring the Foundation thereof forward beyond the old Foundation, or the antient Story Polls fupporting the Fronts thereof, fo as to obflruft: or narrow luch Street, Square, Lane, Way, Paflage, or public Place, upon Pain of forfeiting for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and the Owner of fuch Buildings lhall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every Month fuch Obftruftion or Encroachment fhall remain, by the Foundation of fuch Building being brought forward as aforefaid, unlefs allowed by the Commiffioners; and it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners to order the fame to be taken down,

- *7	altered,

48° GEORGII III. Cap.45.	771

altered, or regulated, in fuch Manner as they fhall think proper, at the Charges and Expences of the Owners thereof, to be recovered in fuch Manner as the Penalties or Forfeitures inflicted by this Adi are hereby directed to be recovered on non-payment.

L. And be it further enaftcd, That all Notices hereby diredled to be	n

given to the Owners or Occupiers refpedting any Matter or Thing to be Landlord., done under or by virtue of this Act, fhall exprels the Alterations or Matters required to be done by the Commillioners, and when fuch Matters and Things are to be fo done at the Expence of the Owner or Owners, and when fuch Notice or Notices fhall be given to the Occupier or Occupiers the fame fhall alfo require fuch Occupier or Occupiers to give immediate Noiice thereof to the Owner or Owners, and if fuch Occupier or Occupiers fhall negledl or refufe, on receiving fuch Notice or Notices, to give proper Intimation thereof within Ten Days to his, her, or their then Landlord or Landlords, or to his, her, or their known Agent or Agents, then fuch Occupier or Occupiers fhall be fubjedt to, and fhall pay all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures to be incurred by fuch Owner or Owners by rcafon or means of the Non-obfervance or Non-performance of the Matters and Things required to be done by fuch Notice or Notices.

LI. And be it further enadled, That it fhall and may be lawful to and Commiffion-for the faid Commifiioner. to treat, contrail:, and agree with the Owners Lands' and Proprietors for the Purchafe of any Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or etc. ‘ S’ Hereditaments, which they the faid Commillioners (hall judge necefikry and proper to be purchaled for the Purpufes of this Aft.

LII. And be it further enadled, That it fhall and may be lawful to and corporations for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate et<\ empow- ’ or Sole, Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail, general or fpecial, or for Years ered ,0 treit-determinable on any Life or Lives, and ail Feoffees in Trufl, Executors, Adminiftrators, Guardians, Committees of Idiots and Lunatics, and Huf-bands, and all other Truftees whomfoever, for and on Behalf of any Infants, Femes Covert, or other Ceftuique Trufts, Idiots, Lunatics, or other Perfons under any Difability of adting for themfelves, and for all and every Perfon or Perfons who are or fhall be feifed, pofTeired, or inte-refted in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to treat and agree with the faid Commiflioners for the abfoluteSale thereof, or of any Part thereof, or for their Interci! therein, and to convey the fame to the faid Commillioners for thePurpofes aforefaid; and that all Contradls, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances which fhall be fo made, fhall be valid and effedtual to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, any Law, Ufage, or other Matter or Thing to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding; and that all fuch Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail, general or fpecial, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, Feoffees in Truft, Executors, Adminiftrators, Guardians, Committees, Hufbands, and Truftees, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and other Perfons are and lhall be indemnified for what they do by virtue and in purfuance of this Adi.

L1II. And be it further enadled, That if any Owner, Proprietor, Occupier of, or other Perfon or Pcrlons interefted in any Buildings, Lands, Tenements,

Tn cafe of Per. fom refining to treat, or not agreeing.

77 2	48eGEORGII	III.	Cap. 4.5.

riements, or Hereditaments, which the laid Commiffioners (hall ji’dge re* cefTary 0r proper to be purchafcd, taken, or ul'ed, for the Purpofes of th s Acf, or any fitch B «dy Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations aggregate or f.le, Tenants for Life, or in Fee-tail, general or fpecial, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, Feoffees, Executors, Admini-flrators Guardians, Ilufb.inds, Committees, or other Trudees, upon No-t ce to him, her, or them given, or left in Writing, at the Dwelling Houfe or Place of Abode of fuch Pe'fon cr Perfons, or of the Clerk, or Head Officer of any fuch Both Politic, Corporate, cr Collegiate, or at the Houfe of the Tenant in Pofieflion of the Premifes, figned by the Clerk to the Lid Cutnmiffioners, (hall for the Space of Fourteen Days after fuch Notice given, or left as aforefaid, negled or refufe to treat, or (hall not agree in the Premil’es, or by reafon of Abfence, or otherwife, fhall be prevented from treating, then and in every fuch Cafe, it lhall and may be lawful to and for the laid Comnvflioners, to caufe it to be enquired into and afeer-tuned, by and upon the Uadis of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men, of the laid County of Ccrk (wuch O-.ths the faid Commiffioner, or any Two or more of them, are hereby empowered to adminilter,) what Damage will be fuflained by, ?nd what Rtcompence and Satisfadion lhall be made to fuch Owner, Proprietor, Occupier, or other Pcrfon or Perfons intended for or upon Account of the taking or ufing of l’uch Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Purpofes of this Ad •, and in order thereto, the faid Commiffioners, or any Three or more of them, are hereby empowered and required,,from Time to Time, tofumruon and call before them, all end every Perfoh who lhall be thought neceflary and proper, to be examined as a Witnefs or Witneffcs, tuuching or concerning the Pre-mifes-, and (hall eximine fuch, Witnefs or Witneffes before the faid Jury upon Oath, (which Oath the faid Commiffioners, or any Two or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to adminilter,) and they (hall order and caufe the faid Jury, to view the Place in queltion, and ufe all other lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the faid Jury'3 Information in the Premifes; and after the faid Jury (hall have fo afcertained and fettled fuch Damages and Recompence, they the faid Commiffioners fhall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine, the Sum or Sums of Money fo afieffed by the (aid Jury to be paid to the Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers, of the faid Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Perfons interefted therein, accoruing to the Verdid or Inquifition of the faid Jury, which faid Verdid, or Inquifition and Judgment, Order or Determination, fohad and made,fhall be final, binding, and conclufive, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, againft all Parties and Perfons claiming in P'lffeffion, Keverfion, Remainder, or otherwife; and all and every fuch Owners, Propiietors, Occupiers, and other Perfons anywife ioterelled in fuch Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, lhall thereby be from thenceforth to all Intents and Purpofes diverted of all Right, Title, Claim, Remainder, Reverrton, Intereft, or Property of, into, or out of - the fame; and upon Payment of the Money lo afieffed to the refpedive Perfons entitled thereto, or their Agents, or upon paying the fame into the Bank of Ireland, in Manner by this Ad direded, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners to caufe the Premifes in refped whereof luch Money (hall be afieffed to be difpoled of, and fuch Arts to be done thereto as if the Purchafe thereof had been agreed upon and completed, and the laid refpedive Premifes were untenanted, and the Purchase

or

773

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

or Confideratien M ncy had been received by the Perfon or Perfons en* titled thereto•, and for fummoning and returning fuch Jury the faid Com-milTioners are hereby empowered to iffue out rheir Warrant or Warrants, figned by any Five or more of them, to the Sheriff of the faid County of Cork, thereby commanding and requiring fuch Sheriff to imp3tinel, fum-mon, and return an indifferent'Jury of Twelve Perfons being Freeholders of the County of Cork, qualified according to Law to be returned for Trials ct Ifloes in His Majrfty’s Courts at Dublin to appear before the faid Commiffioners at fuch l ime and Place as in fuch Warrant ihall be appointed ; and luch Sheiiff, or his Deputy, is hereby required thereupon to impannel, fummon, and return fuch Twelve Perfons accordingly, and in Default of a fufficient Number of Jurymen, the (aid Sheriff or his Deputy (hall return other honeft and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be fpeedily procured, or furnmoned to attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve: Provided always,	***

that every fuch Jury and Juryman fhall be fubjed and liable to the ' ' e fame Regulations and the fame Pains and Penalties for Default, as if they and he had been returned for the Trial of any IfTuc joined in any of His Majefty’s Courts at Dublin, and all Perfons concerned fhall have their lawful Challenges againft any of the faid Jurymen, but fhall not challenge the Array : And the laid Truftees are hereby empowered to im- Sheriffs, Su pole any reafonable Fine or Fines on fuch Sheriff or his Deputy, who	**

fhall make Default in the Premifes, and alfo on any of the Perfons who of Duty-fhall be furnmoned and returned to ferve on fuch Jury, and fhall not-appeai, or T<er having appeared fhall refufe to be fworn on the faid Jury, or having been lworn fhall refufe to give, or (hall not give his or their Verdict on the Matter in queftion, or /hall in any other Manner wilfully negled his or their Duty therein ; and on any of the Perfons who being furnmoned or required to give Evidence before the faid Jury touching the Premifes, (hall negled or refufe to appear, or refufe to be fworn, r be examined, or give Evidence touching the funey but no fuch Fine (hall exceed the Sum of Ten Pound* upon any One Perfon for One C (Fence.

L1V. And be it further enaded, That in cafe any fuch Jury fhall give By whom tba in, or deliver a Verdid or Afleffment for more Money than (ball by or Ex»encM on Behalf of the laid Comm fftoners have been offered before the fum- b»Vait ** moning and returning fuch Jury, as a Kecompence or Satisfaction for any fuch Right, Intereft, or Property, or Damage as aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe, the Ccfts and Charges of fummoning and returning the Jury and Witneffcs, ihall be borne and paid by the laid Commiffioners, out of the Money arifing by virtue cf this Ad; but if any fuch Jury Ihall give and deliver a Verdid or Affeffment for no more, or lefs Money, than Ihall by or on Behalf of the laid Commiffioners have been offered, before the fummoning and returning luch Jury, as a Recempence or Satis-fadion for any fuch Righr, Intereft, or Property, or Damage as aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe.the Cells and Charges of fummoning and returning the faid Jury and Witneffcs, (hall be borne and paid by the Perfon or Perfons with whom tfelaidTruftecs fhallhavefuch Controverfy or Difpute-, which faid Cofts and Expenses (hail be afeertained and fettled by fome Jui-tice of the Peace not intcrefted in the Matter in qurflion, and within whofe Jurifdiditin fuch Controverly or D fpute Ihall arife, ("who is hereby autho-[ Lot. £s? Per.]	9	K	r;zed

774

Truftees to pay Expences, wherePerfon*, from Abfence, are prevented from ti eating,

Houfes, etc. not to be injured.

Stone not to be taken from Quarries in any Orchard.

Application of Compenlation where equal to ioo!»

48° GEORG 11 ILL Cap. 45.

rized anc! required, to examine into and fettle the fame), ard (hall and may be dedufted out of the Money fo affefled and adjudged, as (o much Money advanced to and for the Ul’e of fuch Perfon or Perfons; and the Payment and Tender of the Remainder of fuch Monies fhall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purpofeswhatfoever, to be aPaymentand Tender of the whole Sum or Sums fo affefled and adjudged, or otherwife fuch Cofts and Expences, in cafe the fame be not paid on Demand, after being fo afeertained and fettled as aforefaid, may be recovered by the Clerk to the laid Commifiioners, by fuch Ways and Means as are herein provided tor the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by this Ait: Provided always, that in all Cafes where any Perlon or Perfons fhall, by rwifon of Abfence, have been prevented from treating with the faid Commifiioners, fuch Cofts and Expences (hall be borne and paid by the faid Commiffioaers, in Manner aforefaid.

LV. Provided always, and be it ena&ed. That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to enable the faid Truftees to take, life, injure, or damage any Dwelling Houfc, or other Building, or any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a Houfe, without the Confent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof.

LVI. Provided always, and be it enafted, That nothing herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend, fo as to enable the faid Commiflion-ersto take any Stone or other Materials from any Quarry or Quarries fituate within any Orchard, Yard, Park, Demefne incloied with a Wall, or any planted Walk or Avenue to a Houfe, without the Confent in Writing of the Owners or Proprietors thereof.

LVII. And be it furiher enafted.That if any Money (hall be paidoragreed or awarded to be paid for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Heteditamenes purchafed, taken, or uled, by virtue of the Powers of this Aft, for the Purpofcs thereof, which (hall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Truft, Executor, Adminiftrator, Hufband, Guardian, Committee or other Truftee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Idiot, Lunatic, Feme Covert, or other Ceftuique Truft, or to any Perfon whofe Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, a;e limited in ftridt or other Settlement, or to any Perfon under any other Dilability or Incapacity whatfoever, fuch Money lhall, in cafe the fame fhall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery in Inland, to be placed to his Account there f.v parte the Commifiioners for executing this Act, to the Intent that fuch Money (hall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way by the Perfon or Perfons whowould have been entitled to the Renrs and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Difchargeof any Debt or Debt', or fuch other Incumbrance, or Parc thereof, as the faid Court (hall authorize to be paid afFe&ing the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (landing fettled therewith, to che lame or the like 5.	Ufes,

775

48'GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

Ufes, Interns, or Purpofes, or where fuch Money fliall not be fo applied, tnen the fame fhall be laid out and invefted under the like Dirc&ion and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which fliall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufcs, Trufts, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which fhall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaH, flood fettled or lim'ted, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement fhall be exifting, undetermined, and capable of taking Effeft; and, in the mean Time, and until fuch Purchafe fhall be made, the faid Money fhall, by Order of the faid Court, upon Application thereto, be invefted by the faid Accountant-General, in his Name, in Government Securities; and in the mean Time, and until the faid Government Securities fhall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold, for the Purpofes aforcfaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of fuch Government Securities lhall from Time to Time be paid by Older of the faid Court to the Perfon or Perfons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, fo directed to be purchafed by virtue of this Aft, in cafe fuch Purchale or Settlement were made.

or awarded to be paid for any Land?, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchafed, taken, or ufed for the. Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging th»n*ooi._ to any Corporation, or to any Perian or Perfons under any Difability t*cetdin£ or Incapacity as aforefaid, fliall be lefs th,n the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and fliall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fliall (at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Kents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed. taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in caie of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be figmfied in Writing undtr their refptftive Hands) be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name, and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General of the High	i

Court of Chancery in Ireland, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereir-before direftcd, or other-wife the fame fhall be paid at the like Option to Two Truftecs, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Three or more of the faid Commifiioners for executing tins Aft,

(fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Patties), in order that fuch principal Money and the Dividends arifing thi reon may be applied in any Manner herein-before direfted, fo far as the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain the Dtrectiun or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

LIX. Provided alfo, and be it enafted, That where filch Money fo Application agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, fhall be lefs of c’:’n?t>enfa* than Twenty Pound?, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame (hail be th°n'ioK* applied to the Ule of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fo purchafe.!, taken, or ufed, for the Purpofes

776

In c*{e of not m iking out Title*,

or if Perfons cannot be found, Pur-chafe Money to he paid into the Bank.

Su' to the OiJerof the Court t f. .hart-eery on Motion or Petition.

Where any Qudt.on (dhII ar le touching the Title to Money to be paid, the fun who P all be in PoHef-f.on of the lands, &r. nt the T me cf luch Ptir-chafr, Hi 1; be deemed en. titled thereto, according to fuch P« flef-fion only, &c.

48® GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

pofes of this Aft, in fuch Manner as the faid Commiflioners fhall think nt; or in cafe of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then fuch Money (hall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Com-mitcees, to and for the Life and Benefit cf fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled rcfptftively.

LX. And b; it further enafted. That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money fhall be awarded for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed by virtue of this Aft, fhall refule to accept the fame, or (hall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes, to the Satisfaftion of the faid Commiflioners; or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons, to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money fhall be fo awarded as aforefaid, canntit be found, or if any Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known ordifeovered, then and in evtry fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Com-miflioners, or any Five or more of them, to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded as aforefaid, to be paid into the Eank of Ireland, in the Name, and with the Piivity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties inierefted in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (dcloibing them), fubjeft to the Order, Controul, and Difpofition of the faid Court of Chancery ; which faid Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons m-king Claim to fiich Sum or Sums of Mohey, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, fhall be and is hereby empowered, in a lummary Way of Proceeding, or otherwife, as to the fame Court fhall Item meet, to order the f.me to be laid out and H efted in the Public Funds, and to order Diftribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refptftive Eftate or Eft.ites, Title, or Intereft, of the Perfon or Petfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court fhall feem juft and reafonable ; and the Calhicr or Cafhiers of the Bank of Ireland, who (hall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is •and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whofv Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bankas aforefaid.

LXI. Provided always, and be it enafted, That where any Queftion (hall arife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, in purfuance of this Aft, for the Purchafe of any L.nds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Lftate, Right, ot Intereft, in any Lands, Tenements, or hereditaments, to be purchafed in purfuance of this Aft, or to any Government Securities to be purchafed with any luch Money, or the D.vidends or Intereft of any fuch Government Securities, the Pctlon or Perfons who fhall have been in Puffs (lion of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Pcrlbn or Perfons, or under the Pofliflion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, (hall be deemed and taken to have bren lawfully entitled to luch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch Poff.fiion, until the contrary fhall be ftiewn to the Satif-faC’ion of the laid Court oi Chancbry, and the Dividends and Intereft of

the

Ill

48° GEORGII III. Cap.45.

the Government Securities to be purchafed with foch Money, and alfo the CapitaloffuchGovcrnmentSecurities fhall be paid, applied, and difpofed accordingly, unlefs it Hull be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Pofllflion was a wrongful Poffcflion, and that lome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eflateor Interelt therein.

LXII. Provided alfo, and be itenafted, That when by reafon of any Chancer}-may D.lability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perlons, or Corporation entitled to “r^ec”>?alon any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed under the ofParcha'eV Authority of this Aft, the Purchafe Money ior the fame fhall be required tobepii-l by to be paid into the Court of Chancery in Ireland, and to be applied in the e !U Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes in purfuance of this Aft, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchafes from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of this Aft, or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Court fhall deem reafonable to be paid by the faid Commiflioners out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Aft, who fhall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch PurpofeS as the faid Courc lhall direft.

LXIII.And belt further enafted. That it fhall be lawful for all Bodies incapacitated Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and teTcom-allFeofFees in Truft, Exei uiors, or Adminiftrators, Hufbands, Guardians, miHioners. Committees for Lunatics and Idiots, and other Truftees whomfoever, not only for or on Behalf of themfclves, their Heirs, and Succellhrs, but alfo for or cn Behalf of theirCcftuiqueTiufts, whetherlnfants orlffue unborn. Lunatics, Idiots, or Femes Covet t, and to and for all Femes Covert, who are or fhall befeized in their own Right, and to and for all and every Perfon orPcr-fons whomfoever, who are or fhall be feized or pofleffed of, or intcrefled in fuch Eloufes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof,tobe purchafed for thePurpofes aforefaid, or foranyotherof thePur-pofes of this Aft, to treat, contraft, and agree with the faid Commiflioners for the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof, and to fell and convey ajl cr any Part thereof, and all their, his, or her Eftate, Right, Title and Inreieft whatfoever, of, in, and to the fame, to the faid Commiflioners, or to fuch Perfons 2nd their Heirs for ever, as the faid Commiflioners fhall diieft in Trull for them the Lid Commifticners, for any of thePurpofes -of this Aft, and that all Contrafts, Agreements, Bargains, S.»les, and Conveyances, which fhall be fo made by virtue and in purfuance of this Aft, fhaJl without any Fine or Fipes, Recovery cr Recoveries, or other Conveyances and Affurances, in the Law whatfoever, be good, valid, and efFeftual to all Intents and Purpofes, not only to convey the Etia.te 2nd Intertfl: of the Perlon and Perfons conveying, but alfo to convey ail Right,

Eftate, Ihtereft, Ufe, Truft,Property, Claim, and Demand whatfoever, of their faid feveral and refpeftive Ctfiuique Truth, and all claiming or to claim by, from, or under them, any Law, Statute, Ulage, or any otheh Matter or Thing whatfoever, to the contrary thereof in any wife nctwith-liaoding and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and Feoffees in Tiuft, Executors, Adminillrators,

Hufhands, Guardians, Committees, Truftees, and all other Perfons are \Lac.U Per.']	9 L	and

778

48’GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

and (hall be hereby indemnified for what they (hall do, by virtue And in purfuance of this Aft.

Appointment LXIV. And belt further enafled, That the faid Com miffioners dial! yearly

of Applotten. ancJ every Year, dirtff and appoint the Sum to be raifed and levied within the Year, on the Inhabiiants of the t'aid Town of Fermoy, for the Purpofe of defraying the Expences of locating, procuring, and palling this Aft, as hcrein-atter provided, and alio of paving, cleanfing, lighting, watching, watering, and improving the faid Town, and the faid Commil-fioners (hall, and they are hereby required yearly, to nominate and appoint Five of the Inhabitants of the faid Town, not being Commiffioners afting in the Execution of this Aff, to be Applotters, and fuch Applotters, when fo nominated and appointed, or any Three or more of them, (hall and may, and they are hereby required to value and eftimate the Yearly Value of the feveral Houfes, Warehouses, Shops, Cellais, Vaults, Stables Coach-houfes, Brewhoufes, Mills, Granaries, Malthoules, which are already made or built, or which (hall hereafter be made or built, within the faid Town, and alfo of the feveral Gardens, Yards, or Lands thereto refpeftively belonging or adjoining, and alfo of all Gardens, Orchards, Paddocks, Clofes, Tenements, and Hereditaments, adjoining to or upon any of the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Paffages, or Public Places, which are already made or built, or which (hall hereafter be made or built within the faid Town, and which (hall be paved, lighted, watched, watered, and cleanfed, by virtue or in purfuance of this Adt, and to applot the Money to be raifed, and paid for the feveral Purposes aforefaid, by a proportionable Poundage according to the Real and aftual Value at which fuch Houfes, Warehoufes, Shops, and other Premiles, or fuch Gardens, Orchards, Tenements, and other Hereditaments as aforel. id, (ball be valued, Ipecifying in fuch Applotment the Names of the different Perfons inhabiting or poiTefling the fame fubjeft and liable to pay the fame, and each of the faid Applotters (hall previous to his a&ing as an Applotter, take and fublcribe an Oath, (or folemn Affirmaiion it of the People called Quakers') before the faid Comm flioneis or any Five or more of them, in the Words or to the Effcft following; that is to fay,

Oath tob« ‘ r A. B. do fwear, [or do folemnly declare and affirm,] ihat I will, ac-

Appl"tttr'aCl1 * * cording to the belt of my Skill, Abilities, ana Knowledge, faithfully

*	and impartially without Favour or Affeclion, Malice, or Ill-will, to any « Perfon or Perfuns whomfoever, applot the Su ns to be apolotted by vir-

*	tue of an Aft palled in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign ot King George

*	the Third, intituled, An Ail, [here Jet forth the Title of this

And if any Applotter fo nominated and appointed in purfuance of this Aft (ball negleft, omit, or refufe to take the Oath, or make Affirmation as aforefiid, or (hall happen to die before the faid Applotters, or any Three or more of them, (hall have made the atorefaid Applotments, fuch Negleft, Refufal, O.nilfion, or Death, (hall not invalidate the Applotments made or to be made by the others of the (aid Applotters, or any Three or more of them, but the fame (hall be good, valid, and effeflual, and the faid Appiotments in Ten Days afer the lame (hall be fo made, (hall be returned to the faid Commiffioners, or the proper Officers appointed by them to receive the lime, in Writing, figned by

779

4&6GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

(he Applotters thereof, or any Three or more of them ; and in cafe any Perfon who (hall be appointed an Applotter, in purfuance of this Aft, fhall negleft, omit, or rcfufe to take upon him the Paid Oifice or Under* taking, and (hall negleft, omir, or refule to aft in the Execution thereof, or of"*any Part thcieof, or (hall negleft, omit, or rcfufe to return the Applotments to be made by him or them as aforefaid, in fuch Manner and within luch Time as is herein-before direfted, or (hall negleft or omit for the Space of Ten Days after being ferved with a Summons, in Writing, (igned by any Five or more of the faid Commiffioners, to appear before the faid Commiffioners, or any Five or mote of them, and to take the Oath or make Affirmation as hereby required, or lhall negleft or refule for Fourteen Days after the Majority of the Applotters appointed in purfuance of this Aft, (hall have taken the (aid Oath or made Affirmation, to make the aforefaid Applotments in purfu-ance of this Aft, without (hewing fome reafonable Caufe or Caules to the Satisfaction of the faid Commiffioners for fuch Negleft or Refufal as aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe each and every one of the faid Applotters fo offending (hall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding 1’en Pounds, and fuch Penalty or Forfeiture lhall and may be recovered by luch Ways and Means as any Penalty or Forfeiture can or may be levied and recovered by virtue of this Aft; and the fame, when fo levied and recovered, (hull be applied to the Purpofts of this Aft.

LXV/Provided always, That if any Perfon or Perfons fo nominated and appointed an Applotter or Applotters (hall die, refule, or negleft to aft, or become incapable of aftmg in the Execution of this Aft, then and in every fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commif-fioners, in cafe they ffiould think it right and proper, to nominate and appoint any other Inhabitant or Inhabitants of the faid Town in his or their Room or Stead.

LXVI. Provided alfo, and be it enafted, That no Perfon fo nominated an Applotter, and who (hall have ferved fuch Office, or fhall have paid fuch Penalty as aforefaid for not fervir.g the fame, (hail be again compelled to lerve the faid Office in Ids than Tnree Years alter the End of fuch Seivicc or Payment of fuch Penalty.

LXVII. And be it further enafted. That the faid Commiffioners fhall, and they are hereby required, after the annual Value of the feveral Houles, Outhoufes, and other Premiles and Gardens, Orchards and other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments as aforefaid, fituate and being within the faid Town, lhall have been afe rtained in Manner aforefaid, to rate, adds, and charge, all fuch Houfes, Outhoufes, and other Premiles and Gardens, Orchards and other Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments as aforefaid, fituate and being within the faid Town, with an Account, Rate, or Af-felfment, not exceeding the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence in the Pound, according to me annu..l Value thereof.

LXVIII. And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiffioners (hall, and they are hereby required, to c.ule a public Notice to be affixed on the Seffions Haufe and Church Doors in the faid Town, figned by the Clerk cf the laid Commiffioners, Seven Days at the lead before any Rate or

Affiff.nent

Power of appointing new Appiotters in c 'fe of Death, etc.

Perfms having farted not to be compelled to ferva >~ain.

Rates to bs levied.

Rates mav be .mended.

78o	48°	GEORGII	III.	Cap^t.

Affeffment fhall be confirmed by the fjid Commifiioners, and the faid Commifiioners (hall, and they are hereby required ro hear any Perfon or Perfons on his, her, or their Behalf, who (hall objed to any fuch Rate or Afil-ffment; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commif-fioners, and they have hereby full Power and Authority, to amend any fuch Rate or AffdTmenr, in cafe it (hall appear that any Perfon or Perfons Iha'd have been rated or afiefled too much or too little, and alfo to infert or ftrike out the Name or Names of any Perfon or Perfons who ought or ought not to have been rated or zfiefied ; and all fuch Rates or Afiefiments (hall be entered in a Book or Books to be provided for thatJPurpofe, in which Book or Books there (hall be feparate Columns, one Column for the Arrears (landing out the preceding Year, one other Column for the Names of the federal Perfons to be charged in the faid Rates or AficiTments, one other Column to contain the whole Sum charged and afftBfd upon inch Perfons refpedively, and one Column for the Arrears (lauding out and unpaid at the End of the Year, in order to be carried on to the next fucceeding Year.

When Rites are to commence, and when to be paid*

LXIX.’And be it further enaded, That tie Firfl of the Rates and Afitir* ments hereby authorized to be made (hall commence on the Fifth (>ay July One thoufand eight hundred and eighr, and (hall be made for One-half Year only, and thereafter the faid Rates and Afifflrnents (hall be made for Twelve Calendar Months commencing on the Fifth Day ot July in each and every Year, and the Money fo rated and afiefied (hall trom Time to Time be paid by Two equal half-yearly Payments, that is to fay, on the Fifth Day of “January and the Fifth Day of July, or as foon after as the faid Commifiioners fhall dirrd and appoint, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Commifiioners (hall nominate or appoint to be Colledor or Colledors of the fame.

Limitation as] LXX. Provided always, and be it enaded, That'nothing herein contained

to Value of (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to enable the faid Commifiioners to Property to

property t< be afiefled.

rate or afiels any Perfon or Petfons, by virtue of this Act, for or in refpect of any Houfcs, Outhoufes, or other Premifes cr Gardens, Orchards or other Lands,Tenemer,ts, or Hereditaments whatfoever, the annu.il Value whereof (hall be lefs than the Sum of Four Pounds.

Land net built on not to be rated.

Rater to be collected.

LXXI. Provided alfo, That nothing herein contained (hall extend or be conitrued to extend to enable the faid Commifiioners to rate or afitfs any Perfon or Perfons for or in refped of any Field, Park, Meadow-, or Holding, ufed for Grazing or iillage, except as herein-after excepted.

LXXII. And be it further enaded. That if fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commifiioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, to caufe fuchRates orAfiefiments to be collected and received on fuch rcfpective half-yearly Days, or as foon after as conveniently may be, of thePerfon orPer-fons refpectively on whom the fame (hall be refpedively vtfted, charged, or afiefled, and ifiue theirOrder to theColledor orColledots appo med by them for that Purpofe for the Time being, requiring them, jointly or feveraily, to colled and receive the fame; and fuch Collcdor or Colledors is and are hereby ordered and required to colled and receive the rtfpedive Sums of

7	Money

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 45.	781

Money expreffed and contained in fuch Rates or AfTeffments accordingly, within Two Calendar Months from the Date thereof, Duplicates of which AtTcflairnis. under the Hands of the faid Cornmiffioners, fhall be delivered, together with the faid Order, to each of the faid Colledors; and fuch Collector or Colledors to whom any Order or Orders from the faid Commifliorters fhall from Time to Time be direded, fhall obey and execute the fame in all Refpeds whatfoever ; and the faid fcveral Colledors fhall, and he and they is and are hereby required to pay the Money fo collided and received by virtue of this Ad, when and fo often as he or they fhall h ive colleded the Sum of Ten Pounds, to the Clerk or Treafurtr ading under the faid Commiffioners, or to fuch Petfon or Perfons as they (hall appoint to receive the fame, to be applied to the Ufes and for the Purpofes of this Ad; and fuch Colledor or Colledors fhall, and he and they is and are hereby required, at the Time of making every fuch P..ymenc, to deliver to the Perfon or Perfons empowered to receive the fame, a true and exad Copy of the Rate or AfTclfment whereby the fame was colleded, together with an Account thereof, and alfo of all and every Sum and Sums of Money rated or afTcffed in fuch Rates or AfTeffments as fh ill remain uncolleded, together with theR'-afons why the fame fhali not have been colleded, in order that it may appear whether the Nonpayment hath happened through the Infolvency of the Parties rated, or through the Default of the Colledor or Colledors.

LXXIII. And be it',further enade'd. That iftheTenant or Occupier of any Tenants to MeffuaLte, Houfe, Shop, Cellar, Vault, Stable, Coach-houfe, Brewhoufe, Pay tl,e Mill, Granary, Malthoufe, Building, Garden, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, upon or in refped of which any Rate or AfTefTment fhall be charged or impofed by virtue of this Ad, fhall at any 1 ime ncgled or refufr to pay the Rates or Sums of Money which fhall be fo rated or afTcffed as aforefaid, for the Space of Ten Days after the fame (hall be due, and Demand made thereof, by Notice in YVriting, under the Hand or Hands of the Collector or Colledors of the faid Rates, to be delivered to fuch Tenant or Occupier, or lefc at his or her Dwelling Houfe, or laft or ufual Place of Aboue, or at ihc Tenement occupied, then, upon Proof thereof upon Oath, (or Affirmation, beiog a QuakeF)^ before any Juftice of the Peace for ffie faid County of Cork, the fame fhall and may be levied and recovered by Diflrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of. every fuch Tenant or Occupier, by Warrant under tfie Hand and Seal of any fuch Juflice, rendering the Overplus, (if any)', after ciedu&ing the Sum orSumS due in refped of fuch Rates or-AfTcffments, and all Cofts and Charges attending the Recovery thereof, to the Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels upon Demand.	.	r	,

fiTuusil If ”n	■	»l!>

LXXIV. And be it further enaded, Thatin allCafes where anyPei Ton fhall H<>wRat«t0 remove from or quit any Meffuage, Houfe, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar/ ’11 jr Vault, Stable, Coach-houfe, Brewhoufe, Granary, Malthoufe, Budding,1 in 'oVeiiier-Garden, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, which (hah be tared or afTefLd' ing-by virtue of this Ad, iuch Perlon (ball be liable to pay fuch Rates’ of AfTeffments, in Proportion to the Time that he or lhye otcuj fid the, lame, in hke Manner as if fuch Perfon ur Perfons had not removed or quitted the fimei and in all Cafes where any Pcrfbn or Pe fans (had < m. e ipt > or occupy any fuch Mtffuage, Houfe, W arthma c, Shot, CcHa , Vau»t, Stab'el \Loc. y Per.^	g M	Coach*

7&2	48°	GEORGII HI. Cap. 45;

Coach-houfe, Brew-houfe, Granary, Maltboule, Building, Garden, Bandy Torment, w'r Hereditament, as at'orefaid, out of or from which anv other Perlon who fhail have been rated or afTe/Fcd for the fame fhall be removed, or which, at the Tirrie of making any fuch Rate or AflefTment, was or were empty or unoccupied, the lame fhall, for and in rcfpeft of hi>, her, or their Occupation thereof, be liable to any fuch Rate or Afleffmcnt, in Proportion to the Time he, fhe, or thev, dial) occupy the fame, in the fame Manner as if he, lhe, or they, had been origin illy rated or afTeffed for (uch Mefluage, Houfe, Warehoufe, Shop, Cellar, Vault, Stable, Coach-houfe, Brewhoufe, Granary, Malthoufe, Building, Garden, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament.

Xf more than	LXXV. And be it further enafted, That when anv Mefluage, Houfe, Ware*

One Tenant houfe. Shop, Cellar,Vault, Stable, Coach-houfe, Brewhoufe, Granary, Malt-any^onifl?able houfe. Building, Garden, Land, Tenement or Hereditament, which fhall to pay the	be rated or aflefled by virtue of this Aft, (hall be let or demifed to more

*at”'	than One Tenant or Occupier, any One or more of fuch Tenants or

Occupiers fhall be deemed the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, for the Purpofes of this Aft; but nofuth Tenant or Occupier fhall be lubjeft or liable to pay any greater Sum for or on account of any Rate or AffefT-ment or Arrears thereof, than the Amount of the Rent due and payable by fuch Tenant or Occupier to the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners of the Premifes occupied by him, her, orthem jand where any Houfe or Houfes lhall be let ready-turni.hed nr in Lodgings, the Perlun or Perfons immediately fo letting the fame, lhall be demeed the Occupier or Occupiers, for the Purpofes of this Aft; and the faid Rates or AfTcfTmenis lhall be levied by Diftrefs and Sale in Manner laft herein-befure mentioned, of all or any of the Goods and Chattels in fuch Mefluage, Houfe, Warehoufe, Shop, Cellar, Vault, Stable, Coach-houfe, Brewhoufe, Granary, Malthoule, Building, Garden, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, or of ail or any of the Goods or Chanels, hereby made liable to pay fuch Rates or Afleflmrnts.

Empty Houf:s LXXVI. Provided alftgandbeitfurtherenafted. That no Mefluage, Houfe, exempted. Warehoufe, Building, Garden, Tenement, or Hereditament, hereby made liable to be lated or aflefled, fhall be charged or chargeable with any Rate or AflefTment as afmefaid, during theTime the fame lhall be empty or unoccupied, in cafe the fame fhall be empty and unoccupied tor the Space of One Year preceding the making of fuch Rate or AflefTment

CommiiTion- LXXVJI. And forthemoredTeftually enabling theCommiflioners roexecute «rsempower- the Purpofes of this Aft in the molt expeditious Manner, be it further Moln«y°oii°tl!ie enafted, That it fhall be lawful for the laid Commifliuners, and they Credit of the are hereby empowered from Time to Time when they fha-l iudge it nc-Ratet.	ceflary, to borrow and take up at Intereft any Sum or Sums of Money

notexceedirg theSum ofFive thoufand Pounds in the Whole upon ihe Credit of the Rates or Afieffments to be made by virtue of this Aft, for thr Purpofes aforefaid, and by any Writing or Writings upon Vellum or Parchment, figned by the faid Commiflioners or any Five or more of them to aflign the faid Rates or AflefTment*, or a competent Part thereof, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall advance and lend fuch Monty thereupon as a Security orSecmities for the fevrral Sums fo botrowed, with lawful ln-

7	tertft

4S' GEORG 11 lit. Cap. 45.	783

fereft for the lame, which Intereft (hall be payable and paid Half Yearly by the Treafurer for the Time being to the Commiflioners out of the Monies to arife or to be levied by or from the faid Rates or AflefiTments, and all and every Sum and Sums of Money fo to be advanced, arid the Intereft thereof, (hall be and are hereby charged upon and (hall be paid and payable from Time to Time, free from all Charges, Taxes, and Deductions out of the Money arifing from the faid Rates or AflefTments hereby authorized or directed to be made and levied as aforefaid, anJ of all Charges,

Taxes, and Deductions whatfoever, of the fame Principal Money, or the Intereft thereof; and all Perfons who (hall be poffeffed of the faid Securities (hall be Creditors on the faid Rates or Afieflinents in equal Degree, with-out Preference in refpeft to the Time of his, her, or their advancing Money thereon, or otherwife howfoever; and every fuch Grant, Affigrnnrnt, or Security (hall be in the Form or to the EffeCt following ; (that is	4

t° fay).

*	DY virtue of an Aft of Parliament made in the Fotty-eighth Year of Form of

*	the Reign of King Geotge the Third, intituled; [herefetforth the Secui“?‘

*	Title of this We

‘	Five	of the Commiflioners

‘ appointed by virtue of the faid Aft, in ConfiJeration of the Sum. of

*	advanced and paid by

*	to	.-

*	the Treafurer appointed in puTuance of the faid Aft; upon the ‘ Credit and for the Purpofes of the faid Aft, do grant and affign unto.

*	the faid

«	his	Executors,	Adminiftrators, and Afligns, fuch Proportion of

*	the Rates or AflefTments arifing by virtue of the faid Aft, as the faid

*	Sunt of	doth w (lull bear fo.

‘ the whole Sum which is or-hall be borrowed upon the Credit of the

*	faid Ad, to be had and holden fiom this	until'jhe-

*	faid Sum of	with	Intereft at

*	per Centum per Annum for the fame, to be paid Half Yearly, (hall be

*	repaid and fansfied. In Witnefs whereof. We have hereunto fer our

*	Hands and Seals, this	Day	cf

And every fuch Grant or Mortgage fnall be good, valid, and efFeflt^tl in the Law.	.	,	^	’

LXXVIII. Provided neverthelefs, and'be itfurthc-renafted, ThaJhefoYeanjE No;ict t0 be futh M-mry (hall be fo borrowed at Intereft as herein-before mentioned, i;iven hetore Fouiteen Days Notice, (ignlfying the Intention of borrowing (iuii’MI- tl0r', ney at Intereft as aforefaid, (hall be given and piitjifhed in the Manner herein-before mentioned ; and that the Sums to be borrowed'ah f a \-if on the Ciedit of iudi Rates or Aflrfi'ments at any Time wi hi’i ibt tirlt T tree Yeats f om and after the pafting of this Aft, (La’l rot Vx.ce d i The Whole theSum of Two thoufand five hundred Pounds; noi Ihdd'r'^ to’a I Sum to be borrowed andraif don the Credit of tl«c laid Rat' «»>r fif- (Hi? T»rt, at any Time exceed in the Whole the Sum of Five tin utano P..u os*. *5

LXX1X. Aid be it further enafted, Yhatit (hjl be Iw^fidfor arj> P 'em pr Pcrlons entitled to any of he Secunties afore aio, *tni'higher, <• d if Executors, Adrmmftrators, or Afligns, At ally Time or 1'imcs by *W.'t-

ing

, 7h	48° GEORGII /III. Cap. 45.

ing under his, her, or then Hand or Hands refpeftively, to affign or transfer fuch Securities by lndorlemeiu io any Perlon or Perfons to whom fuch Aflignment or Transfer fhall be made or the Perfon or Pcrlbns for the I ime being entitled to luch Securities may in like Manner ailign or transfer the lame; and every fuch Aflignment or Transfer, after thefatne fhall refpedively be entered by the Clerk for the Time being to the Com-miflioners in the Manner hcrein-after directed, and which he is htrebv required to d ■, for fuch Fee or Reward as is herein-afrer mentioned, lhall entitle the Perfon or Perfons to whom they lhall be ref^ edtivrly made, or who fliall be for the Time being entitled thereto, and his, her, or iheir Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns, to the Benefit of the Security or Securities fo afligned or transferred ; and the Form of lu:h Alignment or Transfer lhall be in the Words or to the Effcft following ; (that is to fay),

Form «f Alignment or Transfer.

‘ T [or We]	being	entitled	to	the	Sum	of

‘	with	Intereft	after	the Rate of

‘ payable to me [or us] my [or our] Executors, Adminiftrators, or

*	Afligns, by virtue of a Mortgage (or Aflignment) beating Date the

*	Day	of	under	the

* Hands and Seals of Five of the Commiflioners afting in the Exe-

* cution of a certain Aft of Parliament made in ti e Forty eighth

*	Year of the Reign <f King George the Third, intituled, [herefet 1 forth the Title of this Acl,~\ uj on the Ciedit or arifing out of the Rates e or Afieflinents. granted by the laid Aft, do hereby transfer ail my [or our

‘ Right and Title in and to the fame, and the Money now due and to grow ‘ due thereon unto	his	Executors,	Ad-

' miniftrators, and Afligns, fubjeft to fuch Right of Redemption of the ‘ faid Sum and Intereft as by the faid Aft the lame is liable or made fubjeft ‘ to. Dated this	Day	of	in	the	Year	of	our

‘ Lord One thouland eight hundred and

Mortgajfj

may be re-deemed by EomrailEon-

ers.

LXXX. Providedalways, and be it further enaftrd, Thatevery Grant, Af-fignment, or Mortgage, which (hall be made by virtue of this Aft, for any Sums of Money which (hall be borrowed by the faid Commiflioners on the Credit of the faid Rates or Afftlfments as herein-before mentioned, fhall be made and fubjeft and liable to, and may be redeemed by the Com-miffioners, at fuch Times and in fuch Manner as the Commiflioners lhall think fit, Six Calendar Months previous Notice having been given to the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Sum lent on the Credit of fuch Rates or Afleffmencs by the Commiflioners, of their Intention of redeeming the fame, and full Payment of the principal Sum lo borrowed being made to fuch Perfon or Perfons as he, (he, or they may think fit, giving the like Notice to the Commiflioners or their Cleik.

How intereft LXXXI. And be it further enafted. That in cafe the Intereft for the faid of Mortgager Mortgages, or any. Part thereof, fliaH be behind and unpaid by the Space moved?”* of Thirty-one Days after the fame fhall have become d' e and payable as aforelaid, and lhall have been demanded of the Treafurcr lor the Time being, or if there be noTrtafurer, of any Three or more of the Cotr-mifliooers, then it fhall and may be lawful for the Commiflioners, and they are hereby required on Application to ijjtm made by ar\y Creditor or Creditors whofe Intcieft fliall be fo in Anear, by au Older under their

I lands

48* GEORGII III. Cap.45.	7^5

Hands and Seals, to appoinc One or more Perfon or Perfons to receive the Whole or any Part or Parts of the faid Rates or Aficffments, and that the Money fa to be received by iuch Perfon or Perfons (ball be fo received to and for the'Ufe and Benefit ot the Perfon or Perfons to whom iuch Intereft in Arrear fhall be due, and (hall be paid to him or them accordingly ; and when the Intereft fo in Arrear, as well as the Intereft which Ihall incur and grow due whilft the Perfon or Perfons lo to be appointed as afcreiaid Ihall be in the Receipt of fuch Rates or Affiffments, together with the Cofts and Charges of recovering, receiving, and paying over the fime in Manner aforelhid, Ihall be fully paid and iatisned ; the power and Authority of fuch Rcceivtr or Receivers tor the Purpofes afore-faid ihall ceafr and be at an End, or otherwife if Iuch Creditor ihall think proper, fuch Intereft fo due and in Anear as aforefaid, Ihall and may be feed for, and recovered by him, her, or them, with Cofts of Suit, by Aftion of Debt or on the Cafe, in any of His Majelly’* Courts ol Reeord in Dublin.

LXXXII. And be it further enafted, That the Cleik/or theTime being to cie.k ro the Commiflioners ihall enter in a Book, to be provided and kept for that enter all Purpofe, Copies of all Securities fer Money borrowed on Mortgage, by Maneybci^ and in purfuance of this Aft, and Extrafts cr Memorials of all Afiign- rowc4. niencs or Transfers thereof, the Names, Surnames, Additions, Places of Abode, and other Deferptions, of all fuch Peifons as (hall from Time to Time be entitled to fuch Securities by Mortgage, being exprefted in Words at Length, and alfo an Account of all fuch Stocks or Securities which Ihall be purchafed by, or by the Order, of the Commiftiorers, and in whofe Names the fame Ihall have teen fo purchafed, and of every Transfer,

Ale* ration, Sale, or other Difpofuion thereof; to which Book and Books the Perfon or Perfons interefted (hall at all lea (finable Times have accels to infpeft the fame, without Fee or Reward ; and (or the Entry of every Iuch Transfer of the Grar.t or Affignment of the faid Raws or Afil-ffimenes, the faid Clerk (hall be paid by the Perfon to whom fuch Transfer (hall be made the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no mere; and after every fuch Entry made of any fuch Transfer, every Inch Transfer fo entered (hall entitle the Perfon to whom the fame Ihall be made, and his, her, or their Executors, Adminiftratcrs, or Afiigns, ro the Benefit of the Security thertby transferred.

LXXXIII. Andbeitfurtherenafted.ThartheMomes tobe received by vir- Application cf tue of this Aft (hall from Time to Time be applied and difpofed of for the Monies, feveral Purpofes of this Aft ; and to or for no other Purpoie whatfoever; and the Treafurer for the Time being to the laid Commiffioners Ihall, and he is hereby authorized and required, to pay and apply all fuch Monies as he or they (hall refpeftively receive by virtue hereof, to Iuch Perfon or Perfons, and in fuch Manner, and at Iuch Time and Times as rhe Com-miflioners fhall from Time to Time, by nnv Order or Orders under their Hands, direft and appoinr, and the faid Commiffioners are hereby empowered to make fuch Order or Ordefs accordingly.

LXXXIV. And be ir further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for'the laid CormifiVn Commiffioners, and they are hereby directed, to raufe any Works, Matters, ' * e^i'cs or Things, to be done in purfuance of any Contrafts to be entered in-o of contran. [Lee. £s? Per.]	9 N	as

786

Penalties. Jee-how to be recovered and applied.

Proceeding to be within Six Months.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

ns herein-before is mentioned, to be conftrufted by their Surveyor cr Surveyors, or by fuch other Perfons as they (hall from Time to Time appoint; and in cafe the fame (hall not be well and fufficiently performed, according to the true Intent and meaning of fuch Contrail or Contrafts, or fhill not be finidied or completed at or within the Time or Times to be by fuch Contrail or Contrails limited for completing the fame, the faid Commiflioners (hall and may bring an Ailion or Suit in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record in Dublin, againft any Perfon or Perfons fo contracting, and negleiting to perform and complete fuch Contract or Contracts accordingly, for any Penalty or Damage which (hall be contained or expreffed in fuch Contract or Contracts, or fuffered or fudained on account of the Non-performance thereof; and upon proving the Signing of fuch Contract or Contracts, and that fuch Works, Matters, or Things, have not been fo performed, finifbed, or completed as aforefaid, the Plaintiff (hall be entitled to and (hall recover fuch Penalty or Damage, with full Coils of Suir.

LXXXV. And be it funherenailed,That allFines, Penal ties,and Forfeitures by this Ail impafed or inflicted, or authorized to be impofed or inflicled (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwife particularly directed) (hall upon Proof of the Offences refpeclively before any one Juliice of the Peacefor the faid County of Cork, either by Confeffion of the Party or Parties, or by the Oath of one credible Witnefs (which Oath any fuch Juflice is hereby empowered and required to adminifler without any other fee cr Reward than One Shilling) be levied and recovered by Diflrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of fuch Juflice of the Peace, (which Warrantor Warrants any fuch Jufticc is hereby empowered to grant), and the Overplus after fuch Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and the Charges of fuch Diftrcls and of keeping and felling the fame, are recovered and deducted, (hall be returned upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels, and the Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, when fo levied and recovered, (hall from Time to Time be paid to the faid Commiflioners or to their Treafurer or Treafur-rers, and (hall be applied, (it not otherwife particularly directed by this Aft,) for and towards the Purpofes of this Aft, and in cafe lufBcient Diflrefs cannot be found, and fuch Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures (hall not be forthwith paid, it (hall and may be lawful for any Juftice and he is hereby authorized and required by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal to caufefuch Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Houle of Correction or Common Gaol for the faid County of Cork, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for fuch Time as fuch juftice (ball direft not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unlels fuch Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and all reafonable Charges attending the fame (hall be fooner paid and fatisfied.

LXXXVI. And be it further enafted, That no Perfon or Perfons (hall be fubjtft or liable to the Payment of any of the Penalties or Forfeitures inflifted by virtue of this Aft for any Offence or Offences againll this Aft, unlefs fome Proceeding or Notice of fame Proceeding (had be had or given according to the Direction of this Aft rcfpeCting fuch Offence

or

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 45.	787

or Offences within Six Calendar Months next after fuch Offence committed.

LXXXVII. And be it further enaded, That in all Adjons, Profecutions, inhabitants Informations, and Caufes of Proceedings whatsoever, relating to or con-	Wlt*

cerning the Execution of this Act, made in purfuancc thereof, no Inhabitants of the laid Town of Fermoy (ball be deemed incompetent to give Evidence by reafon of his or her being rated or affeffed to or paying any of the Rates or Affeffments to be impufed by virtue of this Ad.

LXXXVIII. And be it further er,aded,Thar if any Perfon (hall be furnmon- For compelled as a Witnefs or WitneflVs to give Evidence before the Commifiioners	of

orany Juftice or Juftices of the Peace in and for the faiu County of Cork, witnedis. touching any Matter of Fad contained in any Information or Complaint for any Offence again!! this Ad, or againfl: any Rule or Order made i» purfuance thereof, whether on the Part of the ProfecutO'S, or of the Perfcn or Perfons complained of, and which Summoiifes the Commif-fioners and fuch Juftices as aforefaid are hereby authorized to iffue where and in fuch Cafes only as fuch Commiffioners or fuch Juftice or Juftices of the faid County (as the Cale (hall be) are made competent by this Ad to hear and determine the fame ; or if any Perfon ,or perfons (hall be fum-moned as a Witnefs or Witnefles to give Evidence at any General Quarter Stflions of the Peace for the faid County of Cork, or any Adjournment thereof, upon any Appeal by virtue of this Ad as herein-atser is mentioned, whether oil the Part of the Appellant or of the Refpoodents; and any fuch Perlon or Perfons, fo fummoned as aforefaid, (hail refufc or negled to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpole appointed without a reafonable Excufe for fuch his, her, or their Refufal or Ntglcd, to be approved of by fuch Commiffioners, Juftice or Juftices, or other Perfon or Perfons hereby authorized to receive fuch Evidence, or appearing (ball refufe to be examined on Oath (or folemn Affirmation being a Quaker), and to give Evidence before fuch Commifikmcrs or Juftice or Juftices of the Peace as aforefaid, or at any fuch Seflion or Adjournment thereof, then and in either of the faid Calcs everv l'uch Perfon ffiall forfeit for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

LXXXIX. And for the more eafy Convidion of Offenders againfl: this Form of Con-Ad, be it further enaded. That every Juftice of ihc Peace before whom Ticti8»* any Perfon or Perfons (hall be convided of any Offence againft this Ad, and over which (uch Juftice or Juftices has or have Cognizance, (hall and may caufe the Conviction to be drawn up in the Winds or to the Elftd following; (that is to fay,)

« County olQ 13 E it remembered. That on the	Day	of	in	the

*	to wit. J	Year	ot the Ueign of Kis preleru Majefty King

*	and	in the Year of our Lord One thouland eight hundred

‘ and	is	or are convicted before me [or ut,as the Caf: way be']

*	one [or two, as the Caje fhalh be] of His Majtlty’s Juftices of the Peace

‘ for the faid County of	by virtue of an Ad of Parlia-

‘ ment paffed in the Forty-e:ghth Year of the Reign of His Majefty K:ng

*	George the Third, intituled, [here ilifert the Title of this Aflf] of

‘	[fficcifyhig the Offence, and the Time end Place when

and

Diftieft not to be unlawful foi a ant of Form.

Froceeding3 not to b quafned for want oi Form, etc.

Perfon* aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sef-fion, etc.

48® GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

*	and where the Jamewas commuted, as the Cafe jhall be~\ contrary to the

*	laid Aft, for which Offence I [or we, as the Cafe Jhall be] adjudge the

‘ faid	to	have	forfeited	the Sum of

‘ [but if mitigated, which I, or we, as the Cafe Jhall be, mitigate to the ‘ Sum of	j under my Hmd and Seal [or, our Hands and

* Seals, as the Cafe Jhall be J the Day and Year firft above written.’

XC. And be it further emfted, That when any Diftrefs (hall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this A6t, the Dif-tne:s itfelf (hall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the f.tme be deemed a Trcfpiffer or Trefpaffers, on Account of any De-feft or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviftion, Warrant of Diftrefs or other Proceeding idating hereto, nor (hall the Party or Parties, diftraming be deemed a Treipaffm or Trefpaffers, ab initio, rn Account of any Irregularity which (ball be afterwards done or committed by the Party or Par • ies diliraining, but the Per Ion or Perfons aggrieved by foch Irregularity lhall and m :y recover full Sadsfaftion for the Special Damage in an Aftion upon the Cafe ; but no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall recover in any AClion, for arty fuch Irregularity or other Proceeding unleis Notice in Writing be given to the Cleik for the Time being to the Cor..miflion-ers, or any i’erfon or Perfons afting under him or them, Fourteen Days before fuch Aftion (hall beb oughtor commenced, of fuch intended Aftion for fuch Irregularity, by ihe Attorney for the Plaintiff fpecifying the Caufeof Aftion ; nor (hall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in luch Cafe if Tender of fufficient Amendsfliall be made byor on theBehalf of the Parry or Panies who (hall have committed or caufe to have been committed any fuch Irregularity before fuch Aftion brought; and in calc no fuch Tender fball h ive been made, it (ball be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants, in fuch Aftion by leave of the Court where fuch Aftion (hall depend, at any Time before Iffue joined to pay into fuch Court fuch Sum of Money as he or they lhall let fit, whereupon fuch Proceedings or Orders and Judgments (hall be had, made, and given, in and by fuch Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XCI. And be it further enafted. That no Proceedings to be had and taken in purfuance of this Aft', fhall be void, qualhed, or vacated for Want of Form, or be removed bv Certiorari, or any other Writ or Pro-cels whatfoever, into arty of His Majelty’s Courts of Record in Dublin or ellewherc ; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwhhllanding.

XCII. And be it further enafted. That if any Perfon or Perfons whom-foever lhall think himlelf, herfclf, or chemlelves aggrieved by any Rate or Affeffment to be levied or affefled, or by any Orchr or Judgment made or given, or by any other Tning done in putfuance of this Aft, fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall and may, within S x Calendar Months next after the Caufe of Complaint lhall have arilen, under or from any Aft or Afts made or done by the Commifiioners or any Jullice or Juftices afting in and for the County of" Cork, appeal to the Juftices oi the Peace at the General Quarter Seflions of the Peace to be holdcn in and for the Divifion of Middleton in the faid County of Cork, fuch Appellant in fuch Cafe firlt giving or cauling to be givtti Fourteen Days Notice at leafl, in Writing, of his, her, or their Intention to bring fuch Appeal,

<	and

7*9

48° GEORGII IIT. : Cap. 45.

and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk for the Time being to the faid Commiflioners, and to the Pcrfon or Perfons who is or are intended to be or may be affefted by fuch Appeal, and within Seven Days after fuch Notice given, entering into a Recognizance before fome Juftice of the Peace for the faid County of Cork, ss the Cafe of fuch Appeal fhall be, with Two fufficient Sureties, in the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, conditioned to try fuch Appeal, and to abide by fuch Order as (hall be made, and to pay fuch Colls as fhall be awarded by the faid Judices of luch Quarter Seflions; and the faid Juflices at fuch Quarter SelTion', upun due Proof of fuch Notice having been given as aforefaid, and of tne entering into fuch Recogizance, (hall hear and finally determine the Caufes and Matters of fuch Appeal in a fummary Way, and fhall award fuch Reftitution, Damages, and Cofts to the Appellant or Appellants, Refpondent or Refpondents, or Perfon or Pc-rfons appealed agamft, and with or without the Whole or any Part of the Colls, Charges, and Ex-pences of profecuting or defending fuch Appeal as the faid Juftices fhall think proper; and the Determination of the faid Juftices at fucii Seflions (hall be final, binding, and conclufive, to all Intents and Purpofes.

XCIII. And be it further enufted, That nothing herein contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to defeat, abridge, derogate from, prejudice, or interfere with, in any Manner whatloever, the Rights, Inte-refts. Privileges, Franchiies, or Authorities of John Anderfon Efquire, Lord of the Manor of Fermoy, or che Lord or Lords of the faid Manor, for the Time being,or thePowtrs and Authorities vefted in and heretofore exercifed by the Courts Leet and Courts Baron within the faid Manor, or the Dues or Cuftoms of Right payable to the Lord or Lords of the faid Manor for the Time being, but the fame, and all and every Part thereof, fhal] be enjoyed and exerciled in as full and beneficial a Manner as at the Time of pafiing this Aft, the fame and all and every Part thereof were enjoyed and exercifed.

XCIV. And be it further enafted, That no Aftion, Suit, or Information fhall be commenced againft any Pcrfon or Perfons for any Thing done or to be done in purfuance of this Aft, or of the Orders and Directions herein-tefore given and granted, or in Execution of the Powers and Authorities thereof, until Fourteen Days Notice thereof (hall be firft given, in Writing, to the Perfon or Perfons againft whom fuch Aftion is intended to be brought, figned by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, nor at any Time whatloever, after fufficient Satisfaftion cr Tender thereof fhall have been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed for which fuch Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, (hall be fo brought; and in cale there (hall be a Continuation of Damages, then, not after S’x Calendar Months next after the doing or committing luch Damage fhall ceafe, and not otherwife; and all fuch Actions and Suits fhall be laid and tried in the County of Cork, and not in any other County or Place; and the Defendant or Defendants in every fuch Action or Suit may plead the General Iffue, and give this Act, and the fpecial Matter in Evidence, at any Trial or Trials which fhall be had thereupon, and that the Mactir or Thing for which fuch Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, fhall be fo bro'ughr, was done in purfuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the faid Matter or Thing fhall appear [Loc, ft? Per.]	9	0	to

For preferv* ing the Rights of the Lord of the Manor of Fei moy.

Limitation

Actions.

79°	4&* GEORGII III. Cap.45,

to have been fo done, or if it (hall happen that fuch Adion or Suit wa* brought before fourteen Days’ Notice thereof given as aforefaid, or that lufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforefaid, or if any fuch Adion or Suit (hail not be commenced within the Time hcrein-bcfore tor that Purpofe limited, or (hall be laid or brought in any other County or Place than as afoiefaid, then the Jury (ball find a Verdict or Verdicts for the Defendant or Defendants ; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiff, (hall become nonfuited, or fuffer a Dilcontinitance of fuch Adion or Adions, alter the Defendant or Defendants thall have appeared, or if Judgment fhall be given Lr the Defendant or Defendants, or if upon Demurrer or otherwife Judgment (hall be given againlt the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants (hall have Tieble Cuffs, and fhall have fuch Remedy for recovering the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or may have for his, her, or their Colls in any othtr Cafes by Law.

£xprnces of	XCV. And be it further enaded, That out of the	firft Monies that fhall

tn» A«.i. be raifetl by virtue of this Ad, the faid Commilfiuners fhall pay and dif-charge all the Cods. Charges, and Expences, incident to and incurred in applying for, procuring, and palling this Act.

Fublic Aft. XCVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act (hall be deemed and taken to be a Pubi c Act, and fhall be judiciary taken notice of as fuch by all Judges, Jufticcs, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

L ON D ON: Printed by Georce Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s utoft Excellent Majefly. 1808.

ANNO QU ADR AG ESI MO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

************************************ I********:*******#**

Cap. 46.

An Adt for making a Railway from or near to the Town of Kilmarnock, in the County of Ayr, to a Place called The Troon, in the faid County.

j_27th May 1808.]

WHEREAS the making and maintaining a Railway for the Paflage of Waggons and other Carriages from or near to the Town of Kilmarnock, in the Parifh of Kilmarnock and County of Ayr, to a certain Place called ‘the Troon, in the Parifli of Dundonald, in the faid County, will be of great Advantage to 1'everal confiderable Manufactories edablilhed in the laid County of Ayr, and to the Inhabitants of the adjacent Country, by opening a more cheap and eafy Communication for the Conveyance not only of Coal, Lime, and Minerals, but alfo of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of various kinds; But the fame cannot be accomplifhed without the Authority of Parliament; May it therefore plea e Your Majedy that it may be enadled; and be it ena&ed by the King’s mod Excellent Majedy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Mod Honourable IVilliam Henry Cavendijh Bcntinck Scott commonly called Marquis of Titchfield, the Right Honourable Archibald Montgomerie commonly called Lord Montgomerie, and ‘John Boyle Eiquire, together with luch Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, as they or their refpective Proxies, or the ma|er yLoc. iP Per.]	.9 P	Fart

794

The Company may raife among themfelves a certain Sum.

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 46.

Part of them prefent at any General or Special General Affembly to be holden for the Purpofes of this Aft, fhall nominate and appoint, and their feveral and relpeftive Succeffors, Executors, Adminifirators, and Affigns, being a Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the Undertaking to be executed bv this Aft, fhall be and they are hereby accordingly united into a Company for making, completing, and maintaining the faid Railway and other Works hereby authorized to be made, according to the Rules, Orders, and Direftions herein-after exprefTcd, and fhall for that Purpofe be one Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of “ The Company of Proprietors of the Kilmarnock and Troon “ Railway,” and by that Name lhall have perpetual Succeffion and a Common Seal, and by that Name fhall or may fue and be fued, and fhall have full Power to purchafe Lands, Tenements, and Heritages, to them, their Succeffors and Aliigns, for the Ufe of the faid Undertaking, without incurring anv of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain, and alfo to fell any of the Lands, Tenements, or Heritages fo purchafed, as fhall not be neceffary for the Purpofes of this Aft.

II. And be ic further enafted, That it fhall and mav be lawful to and for the faid Company of Proprietors to ta'fe and contribute among!! themfelves, in fuch Proportions as they fhali think proper, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Forty Thoufand Pounds (except as herein-after mentioned) ; which faid Sum of Money fhall be laid out and applied, in the firfl place, in dilcharging the Expences of obtaining and pafling this Aft, and of the Surveys, Plans and Eftimates, and other incidental Expences relating thereto, and then for and towards the making, completing, and maintaining the faid Railway, and other requifite Works and Conveniences thereto, and for otherwiie carrying the feveral Purpofes of this Aft into execution ; and the faid Sum of Forty Thoufand Pounds fhall be divided into Shares of Five Hundred Pounds each ; and no Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or Perfon contributing thereto, or becoming a Proprietor in the laid Undertaking, fhall become a Proprietor of lefs than One Share ; and fuch Shares fhall be and are hereby veiled in the feveral Pcrfons and Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, fo lubfcribing and contributing to the fame, and their feveral and relpeftive Executors, Adminifirators, Succeffors, and Affigns, and to their and every of their proper Ufe and Benefit, propor-tionably to the Sums they fhall leverally raife and contribute; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, and all Perfons whofoever, their feveral and relpeftive Succeffors, Executors, Adminifirators, and Affigns, who fhall fcverally fublcribe for One or more Share or Shares, or fuch Sum or Sums of Money as fhall be called for and demanded by virtue of this Aft for carrying on and completing the laid Undertaking, fhali be entitled to and receive the entire and net Diftnbution of an equal proportionable Part (according to the Money fo by them refpeftively paid) of the Profits and Advantages that fhall and may arile and accrue by the Rates and other Sums of Money to be railed, recovered, or received by the fa d Company of Proprietors by the Authority of this Aft; and every Body Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, and Perfon having fuch Property in the faid Undertaking as aforelaid, fhall bear and pay a proportionable Sum towards carrying on the fame in Manner herein direfted.

111. And

48# GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

Ill	And be it further enabled, That all and every the Shares and Proportions of all Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, and all other Perfon and Perfons of and in the laid Undertaking, or the joint Stock or Fund of the faid Company of Proprietors, (hall be deemed Per-fonal Eftate, and tranfmiffible as fucb, and not of the Nature of Real Property.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That every Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and every Perfon who fhall, by virtue of this Adt, have fubfcribed or undertaken for one Share in the faid Undertaking, his, her, or their refpeflive Succeflors, Executors, and Adminiftrators, fhall have a Vote for every fuch Share in the General and Special General AfTem-blies, to be holden as herein appointed for carrying on the laid Undertaking; which Vote or Votes may be given by them, him, or her, or by their, his, or her Proxies or Proxy, conftituted under the Seal of fuch Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or the Hand of the Proprietor conhituting the faid Proxy, or in cafe of Infancy, Lunacy, or other Disability, under the Hand of his or her Tutor, Curator, Guardian, or Truftee, or Tutors, Curators, Guardians, or Trultees; and every fuch Vote by Proxy (hall be as good and fufficient, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if fuch Principal had voted in Perfon, or being an Infant had been of full Age, or being a Lunatic had been fane, and voted in Perfon ; and every Quefliun, Matter, or Thing, which fhall be propofed, difcuffed, or confidered, in any General or Special General AfTembly of the faid Company of Proprietors, fhall be determined by the Majority of Votes and Proxies then prefenr, computing One Vote to every Share, provided that the Members prefent, or reprefented, be pofleffed of not lefs than Six Shares; and the Appointment of fuch Proxies may be made according to the Form following; (chat is to fay)

“ T A. B. of	one	of	the	Proprietors	[or,	we,

“ A 5 C. D. being Tutor, Curator, or Guardian of E. F. one of the “ Proprietors] of the Kilmarnock and Troon Railway, Do hereby nomi-“ nate, conflitute, and appoint G. H. of	to	be my

“ [or, his, or, her] Proxy in my [or, his, or, her] Name, and in my [or, “ his, or, her] Abfence, to vote or give my [or, his, or, her] Affent or “ DifTent to any Bufinefs, Matter, or Thing, relating to the faid Un-“ dertaking, in fuch Manner as he, the faid G. H., fhall think proper, “ according to his Opinion and Judgment, for the Benefit of the faid “ Undertaking, or any Thing appertaining thereto. In Witnefs where-“ of, I have hereunto fee my Hand [or. Seal] the “ Day of

V.	And be it further enafted, That ic fhall be lawful for any of the faid Proprietors, if they fhall relpe&ively fo think fit, to nominate a Proxy for any One or more of the Shares or Subfcriptions holden by fuch Proprietors refpe&ively, or to nominate feveral Proxies, but not more than One Proxy for each Share or Subfcription; and that the Proxy or Proxies who fhall be appointed by any Proprietor or Proprietors fhall have and exercife fuch or the like Powers and Privileges as the Pro-prietor or Proprietors might have perfonally had and exercifed, unlefs ottierwife rtftramed by the Terms of his or their Appointment or Appointments ; and which Appointment or Appointments, and all Revocations

795

Shares to be

Perfonal

Eliate.

Subscribers to have a Vote for every Share.

Votes may b« given by Proxy.

Proprietor! of more than One Share may have feveral Proxies.

796

Power to raife among themfelves a further Sum, if necelTary.

Power to raife Money upon Security of the Undertaking

Form of Security.

GEORG!I TIL Cap. 46.

cations thereof, fhali be entered in a Book to be kept by the Clerk of the laid Company.

VI.	1 And be it further enadled, That in cafe the Money herein-before authorifed to be raifed fhali be found inefficient for the making, completing, and maintaining of the laid Railway, and other the Works hereby auihorifed to be made, and all necefiary Charges and Expenccs relating thereto, then and in fuch Cafe it fhali and may be lawful for the faid Company of Proprietors to raife and contribute among themfelves, in Manner and Form aforefaid, and in fuch Shares and Proportions as to them fhali feem meet, or to raife, by the Admiffion of new Subfcribers, any further or other Sum of Money for completing and perfecting the faid Undertaking, not exceeding the Sum of Fifteen Thoufand Pounds, and every.Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or other Perfon, being a Subfcriber towards raifing fuch further or other Sum of Money, (hail be a Proprietor in the laid Undertaking, and (hall have a like Vote by themfelves, himfelf, or herfelf, or their, his, or her Proxies or Proxy, •in refpeft of every Five Hundred Pounds of the laid additional Sum to be railed, and (hall alfo be liable to fuch Forfeitures, and (land interelted in all the Profits of the faid Undertaking, in proportion to the Sum they, he, or (lie (hall or may (ubferibe thereunto, as generally and extenfively, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if fuch further or other Sum hereby allowed to be fubferibed for and raifed had originally been part of the Sum of Forty '1 houl'and Pounds; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithllanding.

VII.	Provided always, and be it enadled, That in cafe the faid Company of Propiietors fhali be defirous of railing the faid Sum of Fifteen Thoufand Pounds herein-before authorifed' to be raifed, or any Part thereof, by Heritable Debtor by Mortgage of the faid Undertaking, it fhali be lawful for the faid Company to borrow and take up at Intercft all or any Part of the faid Sum of Fifteen Thouland Pounds on the Credit of the laid Undertaking, and to affign the Property of the laid Undertaking, and the Kates arifing or to arife by virtue of this Adi, or any Part thereof (the Cods and Charges of affigning whereof fhali be paid out of fuch Rates) as a Security for any fuch Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed as aforefaid, with Intereft, to fuch Perfon or Perfons, or to his, her, or their Trutlee or Truftees who lhall advance the fame ; all which faid Mortgages or Affignments lhall be made under the Common Seal of the faid Company in the Words, or to the Effedt following ; (that is to lay),

“ Number

“ TJY virtue of an Adi made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign “ -D of King George the Third, intituled, [here fet forth the ‘Title of “ this At,7] VVe the Company of Proprietors of the Kilmarnock anil “ Troon Railway, incorporated by and under the faid Adi, in confidera-“ tion of the Sum of	to	us	in Hand paid by

“	of	do affign

“ unto the faid	his	or	her Executors, Ad-

“ miniftrators and Affigns, the faid Undertaking, and all and fingular “ the Rates arifing by virtue of the faid Adi, and all the Edate, Right, “ Title, and lntcrdl, of, in, and to the fame, to hold unto the laid

U

797

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

ti	his or her Executors, Adminiftrators, or Aligns,

“ until the faid Sum of	together	with

“ Intereft for the fame, after the Rate of	for	every	One

«« Hundred Pounds for a Year, (hall be fully paid and fatisfied. Given “ under our Common Seal, this	Day	of

“ in the Year of our Lord

And all and every Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Mortgage or Alignment fhall be made, Ihall be equally entitled one with the other to his, her, or their Proportion or Proportions of the faid Rates and Premifes, according to the refpeftive Sums in fuch Alignments mentioned to be advanced, without any Preference by realon of Priority of any fuch Alignments, or on any other Account whatfoever; and a Memorial of every fuch Alignment, containing the Date, Name or Names of the Perfon or Perfons to whom made, the Sum of Money borrowed, and the Rate of Intereft, fnall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by the Clerk to the faid Company, which faid Book or Books Ihall and may be perufed at all rcafonable Times by any of the Proprietors or Creditors of the faid Undertaking, or any Perfons interefted therein, without Fee or Reward; and all and every Perfon or Perfons to whom any fuch Mortgage or Mortgages, Alignment or Alignments, Ihall be made as afore* laid, or who Ihall be entitled to the Money due thereon, Ihall and may from Time to Time transfer his, her, or their Right or Intereft therein, to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever; which Transfer Ihall and may be in the Words, or to the Effed following; (that is to fay).

it

<(

CC

it

<C

it

it

it

it

It

T	[er,	we)

A of	in	confideration of the Sum of

paid by	of

do hereby transfer a certain Mortgage, Number made by the Company of Proprietors of the Kilmarnock and Troon Railway, to	bearing Date the	Day of

for fecuring the Sum of	and

Intereft, and all my [or, our] Right and Property therein to the laid his [or, her] Executors, Adminiftrators and Aligns. Dated this	Day of	in	the Year

of our Lord

And every fuch Transfer Ihall, within Sixty Days after the Date thereof, be produced to the Clerk to the faid Company, who Ihall caufe a Memorial to be made thereof in the like Manner as the original Mortgages or Alignments, for which the faid Clerk Ihall be paid fuch Sum as the laid Company fhall appoint, not exceeding the Sum of Two Shillings aid Sixpence; and after (uch Entry made, every fuch Transfer Ihall entitle fuch Aftignee or Aflignees, his, her, or their Executors, Adminiftrators, and Aligns, to the full Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and it Ihall not be in the Power of any Perfon or Perlons who Ihall have executed fuch Transfer to make void, releale, or difcharge the fame, or any Sum or Sums of Money due thereon, or theieby fccured, or any Part thereof.

VIII.	And be it further enadled, That the Intereft of the Money which Ihall be borrowed by Mortgage or otherwife as aforefaid, Ihall be paid Halite & Per.]	9	£	yearly

Form of Transfer of the Security.

Interefi of Money bor. rowed to be

79s

paid in preference to Dividends.

Perfons holding Securities not entitled to 'Vote.

h'irft and other Genera! Meetngs.

Committee to be appointed.

4*tf° GEORG1I III. Cap. 46.

yearly to the feveral Perfons entitled thereto, in preference to any Interefl or Dividends due and payable by virtue of this Aft to the laid Company or any of them, and (hall from Time to Time be fully paid and dif-charged and provided for before the Yearly or other Interell or Dividends due to the faid Proprietors, or any of them, fhall be paid, made, and divided ; and in cafe the fame or any Part thereof fhall be behind, and unpaid by the Space of Thirty Days next after the fame fhall become due and payable as aforefaid, and after Demand made, then and in every fuch Calc the laid Inrereft fo due and unpaid as aforefaid, fhall be I’ued for and recovered, with Cods, in the Court of SefTion in Scotland: Provided always, that no Perfon to whom any fuch Mortgage.or Affignment fnall be made or tiansferred as aforefaid, fhall be deemed a Proprietor of any Share, or fhall be capable of ailing or voting as fuch, either as Principal or by Proxy, at any Meeting of the faid Company, for or on Account of his or her having lent or advanced any Sum or Sums of Money on the Credit of luch Alignment.

IX.	And be it further enailed, That the fir ft: General Aflembly of the laid Company of Proprietors for putting this Adi into Execution fhall be held at the Town Houfe, in the Town of Kilmarnock, or at a public inn in the laid Town, upon the Forry-fecond Day after the palling of this Adi, at the llour of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon ; and ail future General Affemblies of the faid Company fhall be holden on the full Tuefday in the Month of May, in each and every Year, in iuch Place as the faid Company of Proprietors, at the next preceding Genetal Aflembly, fhall appoint ; and in cafe of no Appointment, every fuch General Aflembly lhail be holden where the lafl General Aflembly was holden, and all fuch General Affemblies fhall be holden ac the Hour of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon ; and the faid Company of Proprietors, at fuch relpedlive General Affemblies, and ac their Special General Affemblies as hrrein-after mentioned, fhall and may appoinc a Chairman, and l'uch Chairman fhall no; only vote as a Proprietor or Proxy, but in cafe of an Equality of Votes, (hall have the decifive or calling Vote ; and if upon any Eledtion of a Chairman, Two or more Perfons fhall be propofed to fill that Office, and fhall have an equal Number of Votes, then and in every fuch Cafe the Perfons fo propofed (hall draw Lots for the fame.

X.	And be it further enadled, That the faid Company of Proprietors fhall at their laid firfl General Aflembly, nominate and appoint Five or more Perfons, either out of the Proprietors of the laid Company, or other Perfons, to be a Committee for the Management of the Concerns of the laid Company, until the nexc General Aflembly to be holden on the firfl Tuejday in the Month of May then next enfuing, and the Powers of the laid Committee (hall then ceafe and determine, and the faid Company of Proprietois alfemblcd at fuch General Aflembly (hall proceed to the Nomination and Appointment of another, or may re-appoinc the faid Committee, or any Member or Membeis thereof, and lo in like Manner at every enfuing General Aflembly, to be holden on the firfl Tuejday in the Month of May in each and every Year, and the Powers ot the faid Committee lhail then ceafe and determine ; but no Perfon holding any Place or Employment of Profit or Contrail under the laid Company, fhall be capable of feerving upon a Committee during the Time of his Continuance in fuch Place, Office, or Employment ot

Profit,

799

4-8° GEORG 11 III, Cap. 46.

Profit, or holding fuch Contract Provided always, that it fhall and may be lawful to and for che Company of Proprietors, at any Special ■General Affembly to be convened in Manner herein dire&ed, to remove any Member of the faid Committee, and to appoint another Perfon in the room or (lead of every Member of the faid Committee who fhall die, be fo removed, refuie to aff, or (hall hold any Place, Office, Employment of Profit, or Contrail under the laid Company ; and every Perfon fo nominated by the faid Special General Affembly fhall have the like Powers and Authorities, and fhall be fubjeft to the like Rules and Regulations, as if he had been nominated by the faid General AfTembly.

XI.	And be it further enaifed, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Company of Proprietors, at any General AfTembly or Special General AfTembly, to order and difpofe of the Cuflody of their Common Seal, and of the Ufe and Application thereof, and to make fuch Rules, Eye Laws, and Orders, for the good Government of the (aid Company, and of their faid Committee, and of their Servants, Agents, or Workmen, anti for the whole, complete, and total Superintendance and Management of the faid Undertaking, and aifo for the well-governing of all Perfons who fhall be employed in the conveying of ai.y Goo-ls, Wares, and Merchandize, and other Articles and Things, upon any Part of the laid Railway and other Works, and from Time to Time to alter and repeal the faid Rules, Bye Laws, or Orders, all or any of them, and to impole and infiift i'uch realonable Fines and Forfeitures upon all Perfons offending againft the fame, as to fuch General or Special General Affem-biies fhall feem meet, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for any one Offence; and all fuch Rules, Bye Laws, and Orders, being reduced into Writing, under the Common Seal of the faid Company, and being printed, (hall be binding upon and obferved by all Parties, and fhall be f'ufficient in any Court of Law or Equity to juitifv all Perfons who (hall adt under the lame, provided the lame be not repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Scotland, or to any of the Provifions or Directions in this Adt contained ; and every fuch General and Special General Affembly (hall have Power to cal! for, audit, and fettle all Accounts of Money received, laid our, and difburled on Account of the faid Undertaking, by the Treafurers or Collectors of the Rates, and other Officers by them appointed, or by any other Petfon or Perfons whoml’oever, employed by or concerned for or under them in and about the faid Railway and other Works thereto belonging; and the faid Company of Proprietors (hall havc Power to adjourn themfelves from Time to Time to fuch Place or Places as fhall at any fuch General or Special General Affembly be by them thought proper and convenient.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That ff at any fuch General AfTembly there ihall not be prefent Perfons, either as Principals or Proxies, whole aggregate littered or Property in the laid Undertaking fhall amount to at lead Six Shares in the laid Undertaking, no Choice ■of a Committee, nor any Removal of a Perfon or Perfons from any fuch ■Committee, nor any Lledtion of any Perfon or Perfons in the room of fuch of the Members of the laid Committee as fh.ill die or dreiine to adt, «r fhall hold any Place, Office, Employment of Profit or Contract under

the

Company of Proprietors to make Bye* Laws.

General Meeting to confill of Perfons holding Shares.

Soo	48°	GEORGII III. Cap.46.

the Taid Company, (hall be made at that Time; but in fuch Cafe there (hall be another Aflembly of the faid Company of Proprietors at the fame Place upon that Dav Three Weeks, whereof Fourteen Days’ Notice (hall be given in fome Newfpaper circulated in the faid County of Ayr; and if a fufficient Number of Proprietors having fuch Shares either as Principals or Proxies (hall not then attend, the faid General Aflembly (hall (land adjourned to the fame Place to the Third ‘Iuejday next following, and fuch Choice, Removal, or new Appointment of any Member of any fuch Committee (hall then take place, and not before; and fuch Committee fo before appointed (hall continue to ad and have the fame Powers as they had and were poflefled of until a new Committee (hall be appointed as aforefaid ; and in cafe of Failure of the aflembling of a fufficient Number of Proprietors having fuch Shares or Subfcriptions as Principals or Proxies at fuch Firft General Aflembly, every Proprietor who (hail not attend fuch fecond or adjourned General Aflembly in his own Perfon or by Proxy, (hall forfeit to the faid Company for every Share which he or (he (hall poflefs in the faid Undertaking, the Sum of Ten Shillings, to be dedufted out of his or her next fucccedtng Payment of Intereft or Dividends of the Profits of the faid Undertaking, as the Cafe may happen; and in cafe no Intereft or Dividends (hall be payable to fuch Perfon or Perfons making default, then the Payment of the faid Forfeiture of Ten Shillings may be recovered and enforced by the Ways and Means herein-after appointed for the Recovery of any other of the Penalties or Forfeitures impofed by this Aft.

Special Ge- XIII. And be it further enafted, That if it (hall at any Time appear neral Meet- that for more effeftually putting this Aft into execution a Special Ciflrdby any General Aflembly of the faid Company is necefl'ary to be held, it (hall be Proprietor. ' lawful for any One or more of the faid Proprietors, or their Proxy or Proxies, to caufe Twenty Days’ Notice at lcaft to be given thereof in fome Newfpaper ufually circulated in the faid County of Ayr, or by giving to each Proprietor, or by leaving at his or her ufual Place of Abode a Notice in Writing, figned by fuch Proprietor or Proprietors, his, her, or their Proxy or Proxies, or by the Clerk to the faid Company for the Time being, or in fuch o'her Manner as he laid Company (hall at any General or Special General Aflembly direft or appoint, fpecifying in fuch Notice the Reafon and Intention of requefting lucb Special General Aflembly, and the Time when and the Place where the fame lhall be held ; and the faid Proprietors are hereby authorifed to meet purfuant to fuch Notice; and fuch of them as (hall be prclenc (hall proceed to the Execution of the Powers by this Aft given to the faid Company with ref,jeft to the Matters (o l( ecified only ; and all fuch Afts of toe Proprietors, or rhe major Pair of them, met together at every fuch Special General Aflembly ^provided fuch major Part fhall be poflefled of at lead -	Six Shares in the laid Undo taking, either as Principals or Proxies) ihall

be as valid with refpeft to the Matters fpecified in fuch Notice, as if the fame had been done at a General Aflembly at the Time hercin-before appointed for holding the lame.

Officers to XIV. And be it further enafted, That it lhall be lawful for the faid the Company Company at any General or Special General Aflembly from Time to to be ap-	Time to nominate and appoint a freafurer and Clerk, and fuch other

1C '	Officers as they (hall think proper, and (hall cake fufficient Security from

every

4.S8 GEORG II III. Cap. 46.	8c	1

every fuch Treafurer, and other officers, for the due Execution of his Office, as the laid Company {hall think proper; and from Time to Time to remove any fuch Treafurer, Clerk, and other Officers, or any of them; and fuch Clerk ffiall attend the General and Special General Affemblies of the faid Company, and the Meetings of the faid Committee, and ffiall in a proper Book or Books, to be provided for that Purpofe, enter and keep a true and perfect Account of the Names and Places of Abode of the feveral Proprietors of the faid Undertaking, and of the feveral Perfons who ffiall from Time to Time become Owners and Proprietors, or entitled to any Share or Shares therein, and of their refpeftive Proxies, and of all the Adis, Proceedings, and T ranfaftions of the faid Company, by virtue of and undef the Authority of this Aft ; and every Proprietor of the faid Undertaking, and his or her Proxy and Proxies, ffiall and may at all convenient Times have Recourfe to and perufe and infpeft the fame, gratis, and may demand and have Copies thereof, or any Part thereof, paving Sixpence for every One hundred Words, and fo in proportion for any greater or lei’s Number of Words fo to be copied ; and if fuch Clerk ffiall refufe to permit any of the faid Proprietors or Proxies to infpeft and perufe any fuch Books at all convenient Times and Seafons, or refufe to make any fuch Copy or Copies in a reafonable Time, at the Rate aforefaid, he ffiall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, for the Benefit of the laid Undertaking j and in cafe by Reafon of any Negligence, Mifconduft, or Inability of any fuch Treafurer, Clerk, or other Officers, to execute their refpeftive Offices, it ffiall be requifite to dilplace or remove him or them from their refpeftive Offices, it ffiall and may be lawful to and for the faid Committee to remove any fuch Treafurer. Clerk or other Officer, from their refpeftive Offices, and to appoint fome other Perfon in their refpeftive Places, and alfo to appoint fome other fit and proper Perfon or Perfons to be fuch Treafurer, Clerk, or other Officer in the place of every Treafurer, Cleik or other Officer, who ffiall die or quit the Service of the faid Company, and every fuch Appointment ffiall continue until the then next General or Special General Affemblv cf the laid Company, when fuch Appointment ffiall be confirmed, or another Treafurer,

Clerk, or other Officer ffiall be nominated and appointed in his or their Stead.	'

XV.	And be it further enafted, That all fuch Officers and Perfons fo Officers to to be appointed as aforefaid, ffiall-at fuch Time and Times, and in fuch account> Manner as the faid Company of Proprietors or fuch Committee ffiall direft, deliver to the faid Company of Proprietors or to fuch Committee, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they refpeftively ffiall appoint, true and perfeft Accounts in W riting of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Aft, and alfo of all the Monies which ffiall have been by fuch Officer or Officers and Perfon or Perfons refpeftively received by virtue and for die Purpofes of this Aft, and how much thereof hath been paid and difburfed, and for what Purpofes together with the proper and legal Receipts or Vouchers for fuch Payments and ffiall pay all luch Monies as ffiall remain in their refpeftive Hands to the laid Company of Proprietors or to fuch Committee, or to fuch Perfon or Per-luns as they ffiall refpeftively appoint; and if any fuch Officer or Perfon ffiall refufe to produce or deliver up fuch Receipts or Vouchers, or to make Payment as atorefaid, or ffiall not deliver to the faid Company of Proprietors or to fuch Committee, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they [Zac. ft? Per.]	9	R	refpcc-

802

Committee to appoint a Chairman.

48° GEORGII III. Cap.46.

refpeftively fhall appoint, within Ten Days after being thereunto required bv the fair! Company of Proprietors or by fuch Committee, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his or their Cuftody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Aft, or (hall refufe or negleft to pay fuch Monies as upon the Balance cif any Account or Accounts (hall appear to be due in their rcfpeftive Hands, to the faid Company of Proprietors or to fuch Committee, or as they refpeftively (hall direft and appoint, then and in cither of the Cafes aforefaid the faid Company of Proprietors mav, and are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or caufe to be brought any Aftion or Actions againft the Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons fo neglecting or refufing as aforefaid, in order for the Recovery of the Monies that (hall be in the Hands of fuch Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons refpectively, or if Complaint (hall be made by the faid Company of Proprietors or by fuch Committee, or by fuch Perfon or Perfons as they refpectively (hali appoint for that Purpofe, of any fuch Refulal or Neglect as aforefaid, to any Two or more of the Juftices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein fuch Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons lo neglecting or refufing fhall be and refide, fuch Juftices may and they are hereby authorized and required, by a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to caufe the Officer or Officers, Perlon or Perfons fo refufing or neglecting, to be brought before them, and upon his or their appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the M tter in a lummary Way, and if, upon the Confeffion of the Party or Parties, or by the Teftimony of any credible Witnefsor Witneffes upon Oath, it (hall appear to fuch Juftices that any of the Monies that fhall have been collected, raifed, or received by virtue of this Aft, fhall be in the H inds of fuch Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons, luch Juftices may, and they are hereby authorized and required upon Non-payment thereof, bv a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands, to caufe fuch Money to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Effects of fuch Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons refpectively ; and if no Goods or Effects of fuch Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons can be found fufficient to anlwer and iattsfy the laid Money, and the Charges of making luch Diftrefs and Sale, or if fuch Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons fhall (till perfift in refuting or neglefting to deliver up all fuch Monies, Accounts, Receipts, Vouchers, Books, Papers, and Writings as aforefaid to the Company of Proprietors or to fuch Committee or other Perfon or Perfons as they refpeftively fhall appoint, then and in every or either of the Cafes aforefaid fuch Jof-tices fhall commit every fuch Offender to the Common Gaol for the County where the Offender may be found, there to remain without Bail until he fhall make and give a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforefaid, or uncil he (hall compound with the faid Company of Proprietors or with the (aid Committee, and fhall have paid fuch Compofition in fuch Manner as they refpeftively (hall appoint, and until he (hall deliver up fuch Monies, Accounts, Receipts, Vouchers, Books, Papers, and Writings as aforefaid, or give Satisfaction in refpeft thereof to the faid Company of Proprietors or to fuch Committee ; but no fuch Officer or Perfon fo committed for Want of fufficient Diftrefs, (hall be confined or detained in Prifon by virtue of fuch Warrant for any longer Space of Time than Twelve Calendar Months.

XVI.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Committee for the Time being of the (aid Company (hall meet at fuch Times and at fuch Places, and from Time to Time adjourn themfelves to fuch other Time and

Place

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.6.	So3

Place as they fhall think fit; and at all Meetings of the (aid Committee one of the Members prefent fhall be appointed Prefident or Chairman, and all Queftions, Matter?, and Things which fhall be propofed, difcufied, or confidercd at fuch Meetings fhall be finally determined by the Majority of Votes, and the Chairman, in cafe of an Equality of Votes on any Queftion that may be agitated at any Meeting, fhall always have a Second or calling Vote; and all the Powers and Authorities hereby veiled in or directed to be exercifed by the faid Committee, may be done and exercifed by the major Part of them prefent at their Tcfpeftive Meetings the whole Number prefent not being lefs than Three; and in order to Their Expen-defray the Expence of the Meetings of the faid Committees, ic fhall be cescobepaid. lawful for the faid Committees, and they hereby allowed to expend or detain to themfelves fuch reafonable Sum of Money, out of the Capital Stock of the faid Proprietors, for their Expences in attending fuch Meetings, as fhall be directed, adjufted, and fettled by the faid Company of powerSofthe Proprietors at any General or Special General AfTembly ; and the laid Committee. Committee fhall have Power and Authority to contract for and agree for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, Heritages, and Materials for theUfeofthe faid Undertaking and Works thereunto belonging, and fhall and may fettle, adjuft, and determine all Matters, Queftions, and Differences which fhall or may arife between the faid Company of Proprietors and the feveral Owners of and Perfons interefted in any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages which fhall or may be taken, ufed, damaged, or affefted by the Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted, and fhall and may make Contra&s, Agreements, and Bargains with the Workmen, Agents, Undertakers, and other Perfons employed or concerned in making and completing and continuing the Works be longing to the faid Undertaking and all and every Part or Parts thereof, and the faid Committee fhall (fubjetft neverthelefs to the Orders and Di-tedlions of fuch General and Special General Aftemblies as aforefatd) have full power and Authority to direct and manage the Affairs of the faid Company of Proprietors; and the faid Committee fhall by themfelves, or the Clerk to the (aid Company of Proprietors, keep a full and true Account of all Money dtfburled and Payments made by the faid Committee, and by all and every Perfor and Perfons employed by or under thtm, and of all and every Sum and -Sums of Money which they fhall receive, on behalf or in relpetft of the laid Undertaking, from any Col-letfloror Colleftors, or other Officer or Officers, or from any other Perfon or Perlons whomfoever, employed in or having anv Concerns, Dealings, or Tranfatflions with the laid Undertaking, or in or with any Part or Parts thereof, and fhall regularly by themfelves, or their Clerk as afore-laid write, inlert, and enter in a Book or Books to be from Time to Time provided at the expence of the faid Company of Proprietors for that Purpole, Minutes or Copies (as the Cafe fhail require ! of every fuch Contradf, Bargain, Receipt, and Difburfernent, and of all other their Orders and Proceedings, which Book or Books fhall be depofited with and kept locked up under the Care and Dire&ion of the faid Committee 5 provided always, that every Proprietor (hall have free Accefs thereto, upon every realonabie Defire for his and her Infpe&ion, and the faid Committee fhall have Power from Time to Time to make fuch Call or makfc^ Calls for Money from the Subfcribers to and Proprietors of the faid " ' Undertaking, to defray the Expences of, or to carry on the fame, as they the faid Committee from Time to l ime fhall find wanting and neceffary

for

|8s>4-	48°	GEORG	II	III.	Cap.	46.

•for ihofe Purpofes, fo that no fuch Call fhall exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds upon each Share; and luch Calls fhall not be made but at the Diftance of Sixcy Days at lead from each other, and Twenty Days Notice at the leaft fhall be given of all luch Calls as aforefaid, by Adver-tifement in fome Newfpaper or Newfpapers ufually circulating in the faid County of Ayr, or in fuch other Manner as the faid Company of Proprietors fhall, at any General or Special General Aflembly, direct and appoint; provided that it fhall not be lawful to make any further Cali upon any Proprietor or Proprietors who fhall have paid to the faid Company, in Obedience to the faid Calls or otherwife, the full Amount of the Sum which by his, her, or their, Subfcription he, (he, or they had undertaken to pay for his, her, or their faid Share or Shares; and every Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking fhall pay his, her, or their rateable Proportions of the Monies to be called for as aforefaid, to fuch Perfon or Perfons, and at fuch Time and Place as the laid Committee fhall from Time to Time order and direct j and if any Perfon or Perfons fhall negledt or reful'e to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable Part of the faid Money fo called for as aforefaid, at the Time and Place appointed by the faid Committee, or within Twenty Days next enluing he, fhe, or they fo neglecting or refufing, fhall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for every Share he, ihe, or they fhall have in ne faid Undertaking, together with Intereft at the Rate of Five Pounds ■per Centum per Annum from the Time fo ap-OnNon-Pay- P°'nted » and if fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall continue to negledt or refute ment. Shares to pay his, her, or their rateable Call or Calls as aforefaid, with fuch Intereft miy be for- and Penalty as aforefaid, for the Space of Six Calendar Months next after feited or fold. ^ 'pjme f0 appointed for Payment thereof, then he, (he, or they fo negledl-ing or refufing ihall forfeit his, her, or their refpedtive Share and Shares in the faid Undertaking, and all the Profits and Benefits thereof; all which Shares fo forfeited fhall be veiled in the laid Company ot Proprietors, in truft for and for the Benefit of all the reft of the laid Proprietors, in Proportion to their refpedtive Intercfts in the faid Undertaking, or ihall, at the Difcretion of any of the faid General or Special General Affcmblies, be publicly lold for the ufe of the reft of the faid Proprietors, whole Shares and Interefts fhall not have been forfeited as aforefaid: Provided always, be^ivento10 fhat no Advantage fhall be taken of the Forfeiture of any Share or Sutffc'ribers Shares in the faid Undertaking, until Notice fhall be given by the Clerk beforeForfei- 0r Treafurer to the faid Company to the Owner or Owners thereof, or tureof Shares. j^otlce Writing left at his, her, or their ufual or laft Place of Abode, nor unlefs the fame (hall be declared to be forfeited at fome General or Special General Affembly of the faid Company; and every fuch Forfeiture Ihall be an Indemnification and Dilcharge to and for every Proprietor or Proprietors fo forfeiting, after fuch Share or Shares Ihall be deemed to be forfeited by a General Aflembly, but not before, againft all Addons, Suits, or Profecutions whatfoever, to be commenced or profecuted for any Breach of Contradl or other Agreement between fuch Proprietor or Proprietors fo forfeiting and the relt of the Proprietors, with regard to carrying on the laid Undertaking.

Subfciiptioni .XVII. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That the refpedlive may be rrco* Perfonswho have lubfcribed, or who Ihall herealter fubferibe or advance vered by	any jvioney lor and towards the faid Undertaking, or (hall be Owner or

Afticn.	Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the laid

Undertaknig, fhall and are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums by

them

8os

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap, 46.

them refpeftivly fubfcribed (or fuch Parts and Proportions thereof as /hall from Time to Time be called for by the Committee of the faid Company of Proprietors, by virtue of the Powers and Directions of this Aft) at i'uch Times and Places, and in fuch Manner as fhall be direfted by the faid Committee; and in cafe any of fuch Subscribers fhall negleft or refufe to pay the fame at the Time and Place and in Manner fo required for that Purpofr, the faid Company of Proprietors are hereby empowered to fue for and recover the fame, with fuch lntercft and Penalty as aforcfaid, in any Court of Law or Equity.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted, That in any Aftion brought by the Oircfline faid Company againft any Owner or Owners of any Share or Shares in the Proceedings faid Undertaking, to recover any Sum or Sums of Money due and pay-able to the faid Company for or by reafon of any Call or Calls made bv virtue of this Aft, it fhall be fufficient for the faid Company to declare or alledge that the Defendant or Defendants, being a Proprietor or Proprietors of fuch or fo many Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking, is or are indebted to the faid Company in fuch Sum or Sums of Money as the Call or Calls in Arrrear fhall amount unto, for fuch or fo manv Call or Calls of fuch or fo many Sum or Sums of Money, upon fuch or fo many Share or Shares belonging to the faid Defendant or Defendants (as the Cafe may happen to be) whereby an Aftion hath accrued to the faid Company by virtue of this Aft, without fetting forth the fpecial Matter; and on Trial of fuch Aftion it fhall only be neceffary to prove that the Defendant or Defendants, at the Time of making fuch Cali or Calls, was or were a Proprietor or Proprietors of fqme Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking, and that fuch Call or Calls was or were in faft made, and that fuch Notice thereof was given as is direfted by this Aft, without proving the Appointment of the Committee who made fuch Call or Calls, or any other Matter whatfoever; and the faid Company fhall thereupon be entitled to recover whac fhall appear due, unleis it fhall appear that any fuch Call exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds for every Sum of Five hundred Pounds, or was made within the Diftance of Sixty Days from the lad preceding Call, or withouc Notice given as aforcfaid ; and after Judgment fhall be given for the faid Company in any Aftion, Executron (hall not be flayed by reafon of any Bill of Sufpenfion or Advocation brought by the Defendant or Defendants therein, unlefs fuch Defendant or Defendants, with Two fufficient Securities, fhall firft become bound to the faid Company, to be acknowledged in the Court in which Judgment fhall be given, in double the Sum adjudged to the faid Company by fuch Judgmenc, to profecute the faid Bills with Effeft; and alfo if the laid Judgment be affirmed, or the faid Bills be refufed, to fatisfy and pay the Debt, Damages, and Cods adjudged by the faid Judgment, and all Cods and Damages lo awarded for Delay of execution.

,X1X. And be it further enafted. That fuch Committee fhall from Time to Time make Reports of their Proceedings to and be lubjeft to the Examination and Controul of the laid General and Special AfTemblies of the faid Proprietors as aforefaid, and fhall pay due Obedience to all fuch Orders and Directions in and about the Premifes, as fhall from Time to Time be made by the faid Proprietors at any luch General or Special

[Ltc. y Per.]	9	i>	A	(Terribly,

Committee to report to and be under Controul of General Meeting!.

■So6

On the Death cf Subferib-cr:, Calls to be completed by their Executors.

Shares may be fold.

form of Conveyance.

4b6 GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

A (Terribly, fuch Order and Directions not being contrary to any exprefs Directions and Pioviftons in this Aft contained.

XX.	And be it further enafted, That if rhe Owner or Owners of anv Share or Shares in the faid Untiertaking fhall happen to die before fuch Call or Calls (hall have b*en made for the full Sum to be advanced on any Share or Shares which he, die, or they dial! have been pofiefTed of or entitled to, without having made Provifion by Will or otherwife, how or in what Manner fuch Share or Shares (hall be difpofed of, and how or by what Means the future Calls in refpeft thereof fliall be paid to the faid Company for the Purpoles of the (aid Undertaking, then and in fuch Cafe the Executors or Adminiftrators of any fuch Owner fo dying, or the Trullee or Truftees, Committee or Committees, Curator or Curators, of any Lunatic or Lunatics, Tutor or Tutors, Curator or Curators, Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or Infants, Lunatic or Lunatics, or of anv other Perfon or l’ei fons entitled to the Eftate and Effcfts of fuch deceafed Owner, are hereby refpeclively authorized to pay, and fhall be indemnified againft all and every Perfon or Perfons whomfoever for or on account of his, her, or their having paid any Sum or Sums of Money when called for as aforefaid, to complete every fuch Subfcription fo contracted for or begun; and if fuch deceafed Owner or Owneis fhall not have left Funds Tufficient, or in cafe the Executors or Adminiftrators, Truftee or Truftees, Committee or Committees, Tutor or Tutors, Curator or Curators fhall refufe or negleft to anfwer fuch Calls, the faid Company of Proprietors fliall be and they are hereby authorized and required to admit any other Perion or Perfons to be Proprietor or Proprietors of the Share or Shares of fuch deceafed Owner or Owners, on Condition that he, flie, or they fo admitted do and fhall, on or before fuch Admif-fion, pay to the Executors or Adminiftrators of fucli deceafed Owner or Owners, or to the Truftee or Truftees, Committee or Committees, Tutor or Tutors, Curator or Curators, Guardian or Guardians or any infant or Infants, or to any other Perfon or Perfons who fhall or may be entitled to his, her, or their Effects, the lull Sum or Sums of Money which fhall have been paid by fuch Owner or Owners in his or their Lifetime, by viitue of any Call or Calls, or otherwife, upon fuch Share or Shares, or fujeh other Sum or Sums of Money as the fame fhall be fold for ; and in cafe no Perfon or Perfons fliall be found who are willing to be admitted on fuch Conditions as aforefaid, then and in luch Calc fuch Share or Shares fhall be forfeited to and become vetted in the Reft of the faid Proprietors, in proportion to their refpeftive Interefts in the faid Undertaking, and fhall be fubjeft to be lold and difpofed of in like Manner as other forfeited Shares may be fold and difpofed of by virtue of this Aft.

XXI.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall be lawful for the feveral Proprietors of the faid Undertaking, his, her, or their refpeftive Executors or Adminiftrators, to fell and difpole of any Share or Shares to which he, fhe, or they may be entitled therein, fubjeft to the Rules and Conditions herein mentioned and provided j and the Conveyance of fuch Shares lhall be in the Form, or to the Lffeft following, videlicet:

“ T A. B. in confideration of	paid to

“ X me by C, D. do hereby fell and transfer unto the faid C. D, a

** Share

4*)° GEORGII HI. Cap. 46.	807

<c Share [or.	Shares,	as the Cafe may be~] of the Undertaking

“ called The Kilmarnock and Troon Railway, To hold to him the “ faid C. D, his Executors, Aminiftrators and AfTigns, fubjefl to the “ fame Rules, Orders, and Reftrihfions, and on the fame Conditions that “ 1 held the fame immediately before the Execution hereof; and I the faid “ C. D. do hereby agree to take and accept the faid Share [cr Shares]

« fubjefb to the fame Rules, Orders, Reftridlions, and Conditions ; as “ witnefs our Hands the	Day	of

And on every fuch Sale the faid Deed of Conveyance, being executed by the Seller or Sellers, and the Furchafer or Purchafers of iuch Share or Shares, (ball be kept by the faid Purchaler or Purchafers for his, her, or their Security, after the Clerk of the faid Proprietors for the Time being fhall have entered in a proper Book or Books, to be kept for	that Pur-

pofe, a Memorial of fuch	Transfer ar.d Sale for the ufe of the	faid Com-

pany, and have teftified or indorfed the Entry of fuch Memorial on the faid Deed of Sale or Transfer, for which no more than Two Shillings and Sixpence (hall be paid, and the faid Clerk is hereby required to make fuch Entry accordingly j and until fuch Memorial (liall have been made and entered as above diredled, fuch Purchaler or Purchafers fhali have no Part of the Profits of the laid Undertaking, nor any Intereft for fuch Share paid unto him, her, or them, or any Vote in relpedt thereof, as a Proprietor or Proprietors of the faid Undertaking.

XXII.	And be it further enafted, That after any Call of fuch Money (liall After. Ca!1

have been made by luch	Committee as aforefaid, no Perlon or Perfons	is	made	no

fhall fell or transfer any	Share or Shares which he, fhe, or	they fhali	Share	to be

poflefs in the faid Undertaking, upon the Penalty of forfeiting his, her, or “n^1. their refpeflive Share or Shares therein to the faid Company, in truft for	at,s*

the Benefit of all the laid Proprietors,- unlefs he, (he, or they, at the

Time of luch Sale or Transfer, (hall have paid and difeharged to the Treafurer of laid Company of Proprietors, the whole and entire Sum of Money which lhall have been called for upon each Share fb fold or transferred ; fuch Forfeiture neverthelefs to be notified and declared at a General or Special General AlTembly in Manner before diredled.

XXIII.	And for the better Security of the feveral Proprietors of the Namfsof faid Undertaking as to their refpedlive Shares therein, Be it further en- Proprietors, -adted That the laid Company of Pioprietors lhall and they are hereby re- anci Number quired to caufe the Names and proper Additions of the feveral Perfons who to'^'encTrcd^ lhall be entitled to the Shares in the faid Undertaking, with the Number of in a Rook?0 Shares which they are then refpeftively entitled to hold, and alfo the and Tickets proper Number by which every Share lhall be dillinguilhed, to be fairly "'‘lithe

and diftindly entered in a Book or Books to be kept by the Clerk to the ^v“”*d::* laid Company of Proprietors, and after fuch Entry made, to caufe their them. Common Seal to be affixed thereto; and lhall alfo caule a Certificate or lnftrument, with the Common Sea! of the laid Company affixed thereto to be delivered to every fuch Subfcriber upon Demand, fpecifvimr the Share or Shares to which he, Ihe, or they is or are entitled in the (aid Undertaking, every fuch Proprietor paying to the Clerk Two Shillings and Sixpence and no more, lor every fuch Certificate or lnftrument; and fuch Certificate or Inllrument lhall be admitted in all Courts whatever as Evidence of the Title of fuch Subfcriber, his, her, or their ,	Executors,

8cB	48°	GEORGII	III.	Cap.	46.

Executors, Adminiftrators, and Alliens, to the Share or Shares therein fpecified; but the Want of fuch Certificate or Inftrumtnt ihall not hinder or prevent the Owner or Proprietor of any of the (aid Shares from felling or difpofing thereof j and inerfe any fuch Certificate or Infirument fliall become defaced or damaged, or (hall have been loft or deftroyed, then another fliall be made out and entered by the Clerk on the fame Terms and Conditions as aforefaid.

Proof and	XXIV. And whereas much Inconvenience iruy arife by the frequent

Entries in Change of the Right anti Title to the Shares of and in the faid Undertaking

Cafesoi Mar- bv the Marriage and Death of Proprietors, and ic may be difficult in fuch

Deni-/1"1 Cafes t0 ^certain to whom the Dividend arifing or becoming due upon Inch Shares ought to be paid and do belong; Be it therefore further enabled, That before any Perfon or Peilons who (hall claim any Part or Share of the Profits of the faid Undertaking, in right of Marriage, Ihall be entitled to receive the fame in cafe of the Marriage of any Female who may be a Proprietor in the faid Undertaking and may at the Time of fuch Marriage be domiciliated in England, an Affidavit containing a Copy of the Regifter of fuch Marriage, or the Effect of fuch Regiiter, Ihall be made and fworn to by lome credible Perfon before one of the Judges at IVeJlminfler, a Mafter or Matter Extraordinary in Chancery, or any one of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace; and the faid Judges, Juflices, Mailer or Matter Extraordinary in Chancery, and Juftices of the Peace are hereby authorized and empowered to 1'wear any fuch Perfon to fuch Affidavit, and fuch Affidavit fliall be tranfmitted to the Clerk or Clerks of the faid Company for the Time being, who Ihall rile the fame, and make an Entry thereof in the Book or Books which Ihall be kept by the faid Clerk or Clerks for the Entry of Transfers and Sales of Shares in the faid Undertaking; and that before any Peifon or Perfons who fliall claim any Part or Share of the Profits of the laid Undertaking in right of a Proprietor who was domiciliated in England, by virtue of any Bequeft or Will, or in a courfe of AJminiltration, Ihall be entitled to receive the lame, the faid Will, or the Probate Copy thereof, or fuch Lettere of Adminiftration, (hall be produced and (hewn to the Law Clerk of the laid Company, or an Affidavit containing a Copy of fo much of fuch Will as Ihall relate to the k hare or Shares of the Tcttator, or of the Letters of Adminiftration in cafe the Proprietor Ihall have died inteftare, Ihall be made and lwom to by the Executor or Executors of inch Will, or by the Adminiftracor or Adminittrators or the Eftate and Effects of the Proprietor dying inteftate (as the Cale may happen to be) before one of the Judges at Wefttnivfttr, a Matter or Matter Extraordinary in Chancery, or one of His Majefty's Juftices of the Peace; and fliall alfo be tranlmitted to the laid Clerk or Clerks, who Ihall fiie and enter the fame in Manner hereinbefore mentioned; and in cafe of any Female 1 Proprietor of the faid Undertaking, who may happen to be domiciliated in Scotland, entering into Marriage, an Affidavit of luch Marriage, by One or more credible Witneflcs, fliall be made before any one of the Judges of the Court of Seffiofi, or before any SherifFDepute or Jufticeof Peace, and tranlmiced to the Clerk of the laid Company, who fliall make an Entry thereof in the Books of the laid Company; and if no Settlement or Provifion has been made by the Parties to the contrary, and of which they fliall make a Declaration before one or other of the Judges before mentioned, then the Share or Shares of luch Female Proprietor

fliall

809

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 46.

ffiaH be transferred in the Books of the faid Company to her Hufbar.d who may be entitled to the fame; and in the Event of the Death of any of the laid Proprietors who were domiciliated in Scotland, upon Production to the Clerk of the faid Company of Letters of Confirmation, or confirmed Teftament or Tcftaments, dative under Authority of the refpedive Commifiaries in Scotland, within whole Jurifdidion fuch Proprietors may have refided, and of which an Entry /hall be made in the Books of the Company, the Share or Shares of luch Proprietors (hall be transferred to the feveral Perfon or Pei Ions entitled thereto by the faid Confirmations.

XXV.	And be it further enaded, That it fnall and may be lawful to and for the faid Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered by themfelves, their Deputies, Agents, Officers, Workmen, and Servants, to make and complete a Railway, to be called The Kilmarnock and Troon Railway, from or near the Town of Kilmarnock, in the Pariffi of Kilmarnock and County of Ayr, by the way of High and Low Wards, Slofs- Park, IVeftmuir, Grange, Burnhrae, Mount, Springhill, Third Part, in the Parifh of Kilmarnock, Ea/l and Wejl Gatehead, in the Pariffi of Kilmours, Cockhill, Lavemill, Harperland, Girtridge, and Gir-tridge-Mili, Pendicle of Girtridge, Bogfide, Kilnford, Auchans, Park-Thorn, Shewalton-Mofs, Auchengate, Hillhouje Parks, Barrajfie, Burnfoot, Scrapknows, Saint Medians, Troon Park, and Troon Point Park, all in the Pariffi of Dundonald aforefaid, to the laid Place called The Troon, in the lame Pariffi of Dundonald, all which Places are in the faid County of Ayr-, and for the Purpofes aforefaid the laid Company, their Deputies, Servants, Agents, and Workmen, are hereby authorized and empowered to enter into and upon the Lands and Grounds of any Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate whatfoever, and to furvey and take Levels of the lame, or any Part thereof, and to fet out and afeertain fuch Parts thereof as they (hall think neceffary and proper for making the faid Railway, and all fuch other Works, Matters, and Conveniencies, as they ffiall think proper and neceffary for making, effeduating, altering, preferving, improving, completing, maintaining, and ufing the fame, and alfo to bore, dig, cut, trench, lough, get, remove, take, carry awav, lay, ufe, and manufadure, any Earth, Clay, Stone, Soil, Rubbiffi, Trees, Roots of Trees, Beds of Gravel, or Sand, or any other Matters, or Things, which may be dug or got in making the laid Railway, or other Works, or out of the Lands or Grounds ot any Perfon or Perfons adjoining, or lying convenient or contiguous thereto, and which may be proper, requifite, or neceffary, for making, carrying on, continuing, maintaining, altering, or repairing the faid Railway, and other Works, or which may hinder, prevent, or obltrud the making, ufing, or completing, altering, extending, or maintaining the fame reipedively, according to the Intent and Meaning of this Ad ; as alio to make, build, ered, 'and let up, in, over, under, or upon the faid Kail way and other Works, cr upon the Lands adjoining or near to the fame, luch and lo many Bridges, Piers, Arches, Tunnels, Drains, Houles, Warehoules, Tollhoufes,Weigh-beams, Cranes, or other Machines, and other Works, Ways, Roads and Conveniencies, on and where the faid Company ffiall think neceffary and convenient for the Purpofes of the faid Undertaking; and alfo from Time to 1 ime to alter, repair, and amend or difcontmue the fame, and to

[^Loc. is Per.]	9	T	make,

Empowering the Company to erett the Railway.

8io	48°	GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

makes, direft, alter, widen, enlarge, and extend any Ways, Paffages, or other Works or Conveniencies, as well for carrying and conveying of Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and other Articles, to and from the faid liailway or other Works, as for the carrying and conveying of all Manner of Materials neceffary for the making, erefting, finifhing, altering, repairing, maintaining, amending, widening, or enlarging the Railway and other Works hereby authorized to be nude, or which may be ufeful for any of the TPurpofes thereof; and alio to place, lay, work, or manufacture the i'ajd Materials on the Lands or Grounds near to the Place or Places where the faid Works or any of them be or are intended to b? made, erected, repaired, or done, and alfo to make, fet out, and appoint fuch Roads and Ways convenient for haling or drawing of Waggons and other Carriages palling upon the laid Railway, with Men, Horfes, or otherwile, and proper Places for Waggons and other Carriages to turn, lie, or pals each other, as they the faid Company fhall think convenient; and to con-ilruft, ereft, make, and do-all other Matters and Things which they lhali think convenient or necelTary for the making, effectuating, altering, pre-ferving, improving, completing, and ufing of the faid Railway and other Works to be made or conftrufted in purfuance of and according to the true Intent and Meaning ol this Aft, they the faid Company, their Deputies, Agents, Servants, and Workmen, doing as little Damage as may be in the execution of the feverai Powers to them hereby granted, and making full Satisfaftion, in Manner hereinafter mentioned, to the Owners and Proprietors of and all Perfons interefted in any Lands or other Hereditaments which fhall be taken, ufrd, removed, diverted, or prejudiced for all Damages to be by them lullained in or by the Execution of all or any of the Powers of this Aft ; and this Aft (hall be fufficient to indemnify the laid Company, and their Deputies, Servants, Agents, and Workmen, and all other Perfons whomfoever, for what they or any of them fhall do bv virtue of the Powers hereby granted, l’ubjeft neverthelels to fuch Pro-vifoes and Reftriftions as hereinafter mentioned and contained: Provided always, that where the laid Railway lhall crofs any Turnpike Roads or public Highways, the Ledge or Flank of the Railway, for the Purpofe of guiding the Wheel of the Carriages, fhall not exceed One Inch in Heighth above the Level of the Road, and that no Trees or Roots of Trees lhall be cut, taken, or removed without the Confent of the Owner or Owners thereof, except fuch as may obltruft the making or Courfe of the laid Railway or other Works,

XXVI.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained lhall authorize

or empower the faid Company, or any Pcrfon or Perfons afting by or under their Authority, to take, ufe, or injure or damage, for the Purpofes of the laid Railway or other Works, or any other of the Purpofes afore-faid, any Houfe or other Building which was erefted or built at or before the palling of this Aft, or any Land or Ground which was then fet apart or ufcd as or for a Garden, Orchard, Yard, planted Walk, or Avenue to a Houfe, without the Confent of the Owners and Occupiers thereof and Perfons interefted therein rdpeftively.

It'old Roads XXVII. And be it further enafted, That when and as often as it lhall deitroyed, be found neceffary by the faiu Company of Proprietors to make or cue be'ma-V '° l^rou8*1 any Carriage or Horfe Road, be the fame public or private, or e ma'" ' fo much injure the fame as to render it impallable or inconvenient for

Car-

Houfes and Gardens not to be injured.

8n

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

Carriages or Horfes, or the Perfons entitled to the Ufe and Benefit thereof, the faid Company of Proprietors fhall, at their own Expence, with the Approbation of two Juftices of the Peace of the faid County of Ayr, before any fuch Road fhall be taken, cut through, or injured as aforefaid, caufc a good and fufficient Carriage or Horfe Road (as the Cafe may be)' to be fet out, and made inftead thereof, and fhall put or caufe to be out the fame in good and fufficient Repair and Condition.

XXVIII.	And whereas a Survey has been taken to afcertain the Practicability of making the faid intended Railway and other Works, and a Map or Plan, with a proper Book of Reference thereto, has been made in confequence thereof; Be it further enafted, That there fhall be made Two Parts of the faid Map or Plan and Book of Reference thereto, which fhall be certified by the Right Honourable the Speaker of the Houfe of Commons, and one Part thereof fhall be depofited with the Clerk of the Peace of the County of Ayr, and the other Part thereof fhall be de-poftted with the Clerk of the faid Company of Proprietors, to either of which Maps, Plans, and Books of Reference, all Perfons fhall have Liberty to rel’ort, and to examine or make Extrafls from or Copies of the fame, paying to the faid refpeftive Clerks for Copies of or Ex-trafts of the faid Books of Reference after the Rate of Sixpence for every One Hundred Words; and both of the faid Maps or Plans, or Books of Reference fo certified, or true Copies thereof, fhall be and the fame is and are hereby declared to be good Evidence in all Courts of Law or elfewhere; and the Clerk for the Time being to the faid Company, upon Twenty-one Days Notice given to him for that Purpofe, fhall and is hereby requiied from Time to Time to produce the Map or Plan and Book of Reference, fo depofited with him as aforefaid, before any Jury or Juries to be impannelled by virtue of this Aft, at the Time and Place to be mentioned in fuch Notice, in order that the fame may be then and there given in Evidence, fuch Clerk having a reafonable Sum of Money allowed for his travelling Expences, Abfence from Home, and Attendance on fuch Occafions.

XXIX.	And be it further enafted. That it fhall not be lawful for the faid Company of Proprietors in making the faid intended Railway, to deviate from the Courfe or Direftion delineated in the faid Map or Plan, more than Fifty Yards in the Eftate cf Dame Margaret Cunningham, of Fair lie, and Sir William Cunningham, of Robertland, and One Hundred and Fifty Yards in the Lands of the other Perfons named in the Book of Reference, or to cut, darry, or convey the faid Railway into, through, acrofs, under, or over any Part or Parts of the feveral Eftates, Lands, or Grounds, now or late belonging to or reputed to belong to the faid feveral and refpeftive Perlons named or defcribed in the faid Book of Reference, more than Fifty Yards in the Ellate of the faid Dame Margaret Cunningham of Fair lie, and Sir IVilliam Cunningham of Robertland, and One Hundred and Fifty Yards from fuch Part or Parts as is or are mentioned in the faid Book of Reference in that Behalf, in the Lands of the other Perfons aforefaid, without the Confent in Writing, figned by the Perlon or Perlons to whom fuch Eftates, Lands, or Grounds, fliall re-Ipeftively belong: Provided always, that fuch and the like Rates upon the faid Railway as are hereinbefore mentioned fhall, notwithtlanding fuch

Variations,

Maps and

Books of Reference to be authenticated by the Speaker of the Houfe of Commons.

Power to deviate 1 ;o Yards from Line in the Plan.

$12

Proprietor! omitted in Book of Re. ference not entitled to obftruft Railway.

Breadth..of the Line.

Bodies Politic, & others empowered

to fell.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

■Variations, or Deviations as aforefaid, be paid co the faid Company, and with the like Powers, and fubjedt to the fame Reftndtions, Provifions, and Regulations, as are hereinbefore mentioned and provided, in refpeS: to the C.ourfe delineated in the faid Map or Plan, and fet forth in the faid Book of Reference.

XXX.	Provided always, That the faid Company of Proprietors may make the faid Railway into, through, acrofs, or over the Lands or Grounds of any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, whofe Name or Names fhall appear, to the Satisfaction of two Juflices of the Peace, and be by them certified under their Hands, to he by Miftake omitted in the faid Book of Rtfeience, or that inftead thereof tire Name or Names of fomc other Perlon or Perfons to whom foch laft mentioned Lands or Grounds do not belong, have or hath been by Miftake inferred therein; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife nocwithltanding.

XXXI.	And be ir further enabled. That the Lands and Grounds to be taken or tried for making and ufing of the laid Railway fhall not exceed Sixty Yards in Breadth, except in fuch Places where it fhall be judged neceffary for Waggons or other Carriages to turn, lie, or pafs each other, or where any Warehoufes, Cranes, or Weigh-beams, may be erected, or where any Places may be fee out or appropriated for the Reception or Delivery of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, which (hall be conveyed on the faid Railway, and not above Eighty Yards in Breadth in any Place, without the Confent of the Owners of the Lands or Hereditaments adjoining to the faid Railway.

XXXII.	And be it further enadted, That after any Lands, Grounds, or other Heritages, fhall be let out and afeertained for making the laid Railway and other Works, or any Part or Parts thereof, and for providing or conftrudling the Wharfs and other Works and Convcniencies hereinbefore authorized to be made, or any of them, it- fhall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or. Sole, Heirs of Entail, Perfons having Life Rents, Hufbands, Tutors, Curators, Truftees, and Feoffees in Trull for charitable and other Purpofes, Executors and Adminillrators, and all Truftees and other Perfons whomfoever, not only for and on Behalf of theml'elves, their Heirs and Suc-ceffors, but alfo for and on the Behalf of their leveral Ccftuique Trulls or Perfons beneficially intcrcffed, whether Infants, Iffue unooin, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Perfon or Perfons, and to and for all Femes Covert who is, are, or fhall be feifed, poffcffcd of, or interefted in their own Right, or entitled to Terce or other Inccrell therein, and to and fur all and every other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, who is or are, or fhall be leifed, poffrfled of, or interefted in any Lands or Heritages, which fhall be lo fet off and afeertained for the Purpoles aforefaid, to contradl for, fell, or convey the fame and every Part thereof unto the laid Company, and enfeoff the laid Company thereupon; and all fuch Contradls, Agieiments, Sales, Conveyances, Affurarices, and Enfeoffments, fhall be valid and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purpofes whatloever, any Ltw, Statute, Ufage, or Cuftom to the contrary in anywife notwithftand-ing; and all B 'dies Politic, Coiporate, or Collegiate, and all other Persons hereinbefore capacitated to convey Lands and Heritages whomfoever fo cortveying, are hereby indemnified for what they fhall refpedtively do

by



4$e GEORGII III. Cap. 46.	813

by virtue and in purfuance of this Adi; and all luch Contracts, Agreement?, Sales, Conveyances, and Affurances to be made as aforefaid, fhall be made at the Expence of the faid Company : and fhall be made according to the following Forms; (videlicet)

“ T A. B. of	in	Confederation of the

“1, Sum of	to	me	paid,	[or, in con-

“ fidrration of the Annual Rent of

“ to me to be hereafter yielded and paid] by The Company of Proprietors “ of the Kilmarnock and Troon Railway, Do hereby convey and difpone !	««to the	faid Company, All	[defcribing the Premifes to be conveyed, and

t	“	all mv	Right, Title, and	lntereft in and to the fame, and every Part

“ thereof] To hold to the faid Company for ever, by virtue and accord-“	ing to	the true Intent and	Meaning of an Aft, pafled in the Forty-

“	eighth	Year of the Reign	of His prefent Majefty, intituled [here jet

“ forth the Title of this sltt\ In Witnefs whereof I have hereunto fet t	“ my Hand, the	Day	of	in	the Year of

i	“ our Lord

Form of Conveyance to the Company.

And every fuch Conveyance fhall be kept by the Clerk or Clerks of the faid Company, who fhall from Time to Time, when requefted, deliver attefted Copies thereof to any Perfon or Perfons requiring the fame, and fhall have and receive Sixpence per Sheet for every fuch attefted Copy, reckoning One Hundred Words to every Sheer, and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Number of Words; and which Conveyance fhall be regdtered in the General Regifter of Seifins for the County of Ayr, within Sixty Days after they fhall be granted, which the Keepers of thofe Records are hereby appointed to regifter ; and every fuch Conveyance, upon being rcgiftered as aforefaid, fhall be valid and effeftual to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever; any Law, Statute, Ulage, or Cuftom to the contrary notwithllanding ; and the Original of all fuch Conveyances (hall be kept by the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Company, who, and the Keeper of the Regifter of Seifins where the lame fhall be regiftered, fhall, from Time to Time, when requefted, deliver attefted Copies thereof to any Peifon or Perfons requiring the lame, and fhall have and receive Sixpence for every One Hundred Words of each fuch attefted Copy, and fo in Proportion for any lefs Number of Words.

XXXIII.	And whereas, in order to carry into Effeft the Purpofes of this Company Aft, and to avoid Difputes with the Owners or Occupiers of Lands, may re-fell Grounds, and Heritages, which may be affefted by making the faid Lands-Railway and other Works, the faid Company of Proprietors may hereafter purchal'c Lands and Buildings not neceffary to be made ufe of for the Purposes of this Aft; Be it therefore enafted, That it fhall be lawful for the laid Company of Proprietors to fell and difpofe of, and by Dilpofmon to grant and convey according to the Form of the Law of Scotland, fuch Part or Parts of the Lards and Buildings as may be fo purchafed by and conveyed to the faid Company of Proprietois, and as fhall not be wanted for the Purpoles of the faid Railway and Works ; and alfo to lay out and appropriate any Fart of the faid Lands and Premiles, as and for a Way or Wavs, Street or Streets, Avenue or Avenues, Paflage or Paflagesj and all luch Grants and Conveyances from the faid Company of Proprietors fhall be validand effeftual; any Thing in this Aft contained, or any other [Loc. & Per.]	9U	Law,

8i4	4.8®	GEORGII	III. Cap. 46.

T,aw, Seattl e, or Cuftom to the contrary thereof in anvwife noewith-ftandingj and upon Payment of the Money which fhaii arife bv the Sale or Sales of fuch Lands or Prenrrifes, or any Parts or Parcels thereof, it fhall and irrav be lawful for the Trealurer or Treafurers, for the Time

bein<*, to the faid Company of Proprietors, to fign and give Receiots for the Money for which the lame fhall be fold, which Receipts fha'l be fuf* ficient Dilcharges to any Perlon or Perfons for the Purchafe Money for which fuch Lands or Premifes fnall be fold, or for fo much thereof as in filch Receipts fhall be acknowledg'd orexprrffed to be received ; and fuch Perlon or Perfons fhall not afterwards be anlwerable or accountable for any Lnftes, Mifapplication, or Nonapplication of fuch Purchafe Money, or any Part thereof: Provided always, that the laid Company of Proprietors, before thev fhall tell and dilpofe of luch Lands or Buildings, (hill firft offer to re-fell the fame at the Price for which they were originally purchafed, and the Money bona fide expended or laid out on the fame, to the Perlon or Perfons from whom they lhall have purchafed luch Lands or Buildings i and in cafe fuch Perlon or Perfons lhall not then and there-.	upon	agree, or fhall refufe to purchafe the fame, and on an Affidavit being

made and f.vorn beiore the Sheriff Depute of the County of Ayr, or his Subftitutcs, or before any one ot His Majeffy’s Juffices of the Peace for that County, by fome Perfon or Perfons no way interefted in the (aid Lands or Buildings, Bating that fuch Offer was made by or on Behalf of the faid Company of Proprietors, and that fuch Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refufed by the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame was fo offered, fuch Affidavit fhall in all Courts whaefoever be fuf-tkient Evidence and Proof tnat fuch Offer was made, and was not agreed to or was refufed by the Perfon or Perfons to whom it was made (as the Cafe may be).

Satisfaction XXXIV. And be it further enaded.That all and every Body or Bodies

to be made. Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Heirs of Entail, Truftees, Tutors, Curators, and every other Perfon or Perfons hereinbefore capacitated to fell or convey Lands or other Heritages, and any other Owner or Owners and the Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands or orher Plcritiges, through, in, and upon which the laid Railway or other Works hereby authorized fhall be made, may accept and receive Soisfadion for the Value of fuch Lands and Heritages, and for the Damages to be luftained bv making and completing the laid Works, either in grots Sums or by Yearly Rents, as fhall be agreed upon by and between the Parties interefted rel’pedivrlv, or any of ihem and the laid Committees and fuch Yearly Rents as dial I be agreed upon between the faid Committee and the Parties interefted in fuch Lands or other Hereditaments, or as fhall be fo afeertained and fettled as aforefaid, fhall be charged on the Rates arifing by virtue of th s Ad, and fhall be paid by the laid Company errher Yearly or Half-yearly, as the fame (hail be agreed or ordered to become due and payable; and in cafe the lame fhall not be paid within Thirty Days next after the lame lhall at any Time f i become doe and payable, it fhall be lawful for any two Juftices of the Peace ading in and for the (aid County of Ayr. and they are hereby required by an Order under their Hands, ro appoint one or more Perfon or Perlons to receive the Rates hereoy granted and made payable, and to pay the fame to the Perlon or Perfons to whom the faid Rents fhall be due and unpaid as aforefaid, the laid Juftices taking fuch Secuiity from every fuch Colic dor for the due and lawful Execution of >	‘	'	.	*	.	his

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 46-	815

his Office, as they (hall judge proper and fufficient; and every Perfon io appointed (hall be deemed a Collector of the faid Rates, and dial! have the fame Power and Authrricv for collebling the fame, and to receive and retain thcreouc a reafon^ble Satisfaction for his Trouble therein, as if he had been appointed a Collector of the faid Hares by the faid Company, until fuch Kents, with all Colls and Damages occafioned by the Nonpayment thereof, (hall be fully fitisfied and paid, or it fhall be lawful for fuch Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Truftees, or other Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Rents (hall be due and owing as aforefaid, co iue for and recover the fame, with luch Colls of Suit by Adtion before the Sheiiff ot the County of Ayr, or before the Court of Seffion or otherwife, to feize, pound, and dillrain anv Waggon or Carriage, or other Goods or liffcCLof the faid Company, which (hail be found upon the faid Railway, or in or upon the Warchoufes or other Works thereto belonging (Information of fuch Dilltefs being immediately given to the faid Company by Notice in Writing delivered to their C.erk, or one of the Colledlors of the Rates, or affixed to fome of their Premifes near to the Place where fuch Seizure svas made) and to detain the fame until Payment of (uch Rents •then due and owing, together with the reafonable Charges attending fuch Didrefs; and if fuch Diftrefs fhall not be redeemed within Five Days next after making the lame, and Notice thereof given in Writing as aforelaid, then fuch Waggons, Carriages, or other Goods and Effcfls fo diftrained, fhall and mav be fold or difpoled of in fuch Manner as the Law direfls in cafe of a Dillrels for Rent by poinding or otherwife.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enaCted, That if any fuch Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Truftee or Truftees, or other Perfon or Perfons fo incercllcd or entitled as aforelaid, (hall refufe to treat, or (hall not agree with the faid Committee, or by reafon of Abfence fhall be prevented from treating, or through Difability by Nonage, Coverture, or other Impediment, cannot treat for themfelves, or make fuch Agreement as fhall be convenient for promoting the faid Undertaking, cr fhall noc produce and evince a clear Tide to the Premiles which they are or fhall be poircffcd of, or to the Intercfl which they claim therein, then and in every fuch Cale the Sheriff Depute or Subllitute fhall fumtnon Fortv-five fufficient and indifferent Men as Jurymen, to appear before him at fuch Time and Place as in fuch Warrant or Warrants fhall be appoimed, not being lels than Nine, nor more than Twentv-one Days after Re^uifition i r that Purpofe fhall have been ferved upon the faid Sheriff Depute or Subftitute by cither Party; and out of fuch Perfons fo to be fummoned the laid Sheriff' Depute or Subftitute fhall, in the Pre-fence of the Parties imercfled, it they choofe to attend, and to whom due Notice for that Purpole fhalJ be given, draw out the Names of Fifteen Perfons, who (hail form a Jury for the Purpofes aforefaid 5 and in cafe of the Death of any of the Fifteen Perfons fo drawn, or of their Inability to attend or ad, luch additional Number lhall be drawn in like Manner from 'the remaining Names of Pcrlons fo lummoned, as will make up a complete Jury ot Fifteen, able to attend and act j and the faid Sheriff Depute or bubllitutc is hereby empowered to l'ummon and call before them all and every luch Perfon and Perfons who lhall be thought neceflary to be examined as a Witnels or Witneflcs touching t e Matters in Queflion ; and the laid Sheriff Depute or Subftitute may order and authorize the faid Jury, or any Five of them, to view the Place or Places, or Matters in Concro-

■verfy.

In cafe of Refufal to treat, a Jury to be fum-tnoned for fettling the V alue.

Sheriff may fummon Wit-nelfes, and examine them on Oath.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

rerfv, which Jury, upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as well as the Oaths to fuch lJerfon or Perfons as (hall be called upon to give Evidence, the faid Sheriff Depute or Subftitute are hereby empowered to adminifter) fhall enquire of, aflefs, and ascertain the Sum of Money or Annual Rent to be paid for the faid Lands or heritable Subjefts, or the Recompence to be made for the Damages that may or fhall be fuftained as aforefaid, and fhall affefs feparate Damages for the fame: and the faid Sheriff Depute or Subftitute fhall give Judgment for fuch Purchafe Monies, Rent, or Recornpence, to be affeffcd by fuch Juries; which faid Verdidt, and the Judgment pionounced thereupon as aforelaid, fhall be figned by the faid Sheriff, and (hall be binding and conclufive, to all Intents and Purpofes, againfl all Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, and all other Perfons , whomforver; and if any fuch Sheriff Depute or Subftitute fhall make Default in the Premifes, he fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and if any Perfon fo funn-monrd and returned as aforefaid upon fuch Jury fhall not appear, or app aring fhall refufe to give his VerdidV, or in any other Matter wilfully neglcft his Duty, contrary to the true Intenr of this Aft ; or if any Perfon fo lummontd to give Evidence fhall not appear, or appearing /hall refufe to be fworn and examined, or give Evidence, every Perfon fo offending, having no reafon ble Excu'e to be allowed bv the faid Sheriff Depute or Subftitute, fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, for the Benefit of the Party in whofe Behalf fuch Pcrlon was fo fummoned.

Exwnce of XXXVI. And be it further enafted, That in all Cafes where a Verdict

Juries	(hall	be	given	for	more	Monies	as	a	Recompence	or Satisfaction for any

Lands or Heritages ot any Perfon or Perlons whomfoever, or for any Damage to be done to any Lands or Heritages of any Perfon or Perfons than had been previoufly offered by or on Behalf of the laid Company, t en all the Expences of fummonmg fuch Jury and taking fuch Inqucfl, fhall be fettled by the laid Sheriff Depute or Subftitute, and be defrayed by the faid Company ; but if any Verdict fhall be given and made tor the lame, or for a lefs Sam than had been previoufly offered bv or on Beha f of the faid Company as aforefaid, or in cafe no Damage fhall be given by the Verdict where the Depute is for Damages only, then and in every fuch Cafe th • Colts and hxpences of fu nmoning fuch Jury and tilting fuch Inquell fhall be fettled by the fa d Sheriff Depute or Subftitute, borne and paid by the Perfon or Perfons with whom the (aid Company fhall have fuch Controverly or Difpute, which laid Colls and Expences having been fo fettled, fhall and may be deducted out of ihe Money fo affeffed and adjudged, where the fame lhall exceed fuch Colts and Expcnce'j as fo much Money ad/anced to and for the Ule of luch Perfon or Perfons; and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of luch Monies fh ill be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purpoles, to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums fo affeffed or adjudged, or otherwife fuch Colts and Expences, in cale the lame be not | a d on Demand after being fo afeertained and fettled as aforefaid, may be recovered by the Wavs and Means as are hereinafter provided tor Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures:	Provided	always,	that	whenever	any	Perfon or Perfons

lhall, by reafon of Abfence, Dilabikty, or otherwife, have been prevented as aforefaid from treating, the whole ot fuch Coils, Charges, and Expences fhafl be borne and defrayed by the faid Company.

XXXVII. And

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

XXXVII.	Andbe it further enaded, That all and every fuch Perfon and 'r®* Perfons making Complaint and requeuing fuch Jury, (hall, before the laid jury t0 pro_ Sheriff Depute or Subftitute be obliged to iffueout his Warrant or War- cure Bail for rants for fummoning fuch Jury, firft enter into Bond with Two fufficient Cods. Sureties, to the Treafurer of the faid Company for the Time being in the Penalty of One Hundred Pounds, or in fuch other Penalty as the faid Sheriff Depute or Subftitute (hall appoint, not exceeding the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to profecute fuch his, her, or their Complaint, and to bear and pay the Cofts and Expences of fummoning fuch Jury and taking fuch Inquefts, in the Proportion and Manner hereinbefore mentioned : Provided always, that the faid Sheriff Depute or Subftitute (hall Notice to be not receive or take Notice of any Complaint or Complaints to be made 8,ven‘ by any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, for any Damage or Injury by him, her, or them fuftained in confequence of the Execution of any of the Powers of this Ad, unlefs Notice in Writing (hall have been given in relation thereto, by or on Behalf of fuch Perfon or Perfons, to the faid Company or to their Committee or Clerk, Ten Days at the leaft before fuch Complaint fhall be made to fuch Sheriff Depute or Subftitute, and within the Space of Two Calendar Months next after the Time that fuch fuppofed Injury or Damage fhall have been fuftained, or the doing or committing thereof fhall have cealed.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Sheriff Depute or Awards far Subftitute, and Juries refpedively fhall award all Determinations, Judg- Value of ments, and Verdids which they fhall refpedively make and give in the Ex- Grounds aoi ecution of the Powers hereby vefted in them concerning the Value of Lands

or heritable Subjeds feparately and diftindly from the Confideration of any other Damages fuftained or to be fuftained by any Perfon or Perfons in confequence of the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act, and fhall diftinguifh the Value let upon the Lands and other heritable Subjects, and the Money afTeffed and adjudged for fuch Damages as aforefaid, ieparattly and apart from each other.

XXXIX.	And be it further enaded. That all the Verdids of the Juries An Determi and the Judgments of the faid Sheriffs thereon as aforefaid, fhall be nation a"™' kept by the Sheriff, Clerk or other Perfon having the Cuftody of Verdids of the Records of the Sheriff’s Court for the faid County of Ayr; and the J“ries t0 be fame or true Copies thereof fhall be allowed to be good Evidence in all iTshefft" Courts whatloever •, and all Perfons fhall have liberty to infped the fame, Court*" paying for each Infpedion the Sum of Sixpence and no more, and to take

Copies thereof, paying for every Copy after the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words, and fo in proportion for any lefs Number of Words.

XL. And, in order that the faid Company of Proprietors may not be impeded in the Profecution of their faid Undertaking bv means of any fuch Proceedings before the faid Sheriff Depute or Subftitute and Jury ; be it further enaded, That either upon Payment or legal Ten der of fuch Sum or Sums of Money by the faid Company, or on their living Security for Payment of any fuch Annual Rent as fhall be contracted or agreed for between the Parties, or afTcfTed by fuch Juries in Manner „ fpeftively as aforefaid, for the Purchafe of any Lands or olher heriTab^ Subjeds, or as a Recompence for the yearly Produce or Profits thereof \_Loc. (3 rer.j	j	*

The Lands to veft in Company upon paying or giving Securicy for Value, or Compenfation for Damages.

6i8	4-$°GEORGII IIL Cap. 46.

or as a Compenfation for Damages as herein before mentioned, to' the Proprietor or Proprietors of fuch'Lands and Premifes, or to fuch other Perfon or Perfons as lhall be interefted therein, or entitled to receive fuch Money, Rent, or Compenfation refpedivtly ; orif the Perfon or Perfons interefted to the faid Lands and heritable Subjeds (ball not be able to make a good Title thereto, fo as to entitle himlelf or themfelves to receive, or lhall adually refufe to receive the Sum or Sums awarded to him, her, or them by the laid Jury, or to execute a fufficient Conveyance; or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums fhall be fo awarded as aforefaid cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands or heritable Subjeds be noc known or difeovered, then and in any of thefe Cafes, upon Payment of the faid Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank or Royal Bank of Scotland in Manner by this Adi diredted ; and in all or any of the faid Cafes, as often as the fame lhall happen, it (hall be lawful for the laid Company of Propiretors, and their Agents, Woikmen, and Servants immediately toenter upon the Lands, Tenements, and other heritable Subjedls refpedivelv (or before fuch Payment or Tender, or Security given, by leave of the Owners and Occupiers thereof) and then and thereupon fuch Lands, Tenements, and other Heritages, together with the yearly Profits thereof and all the Eftate, Ule, Trull, Intereft, Benefit, Property, Claim, and Demand, of any Perfon or Perfons therein, lhall from thenceforth be veiled in and become the foie Property of the laid ■Company of Proprietors to and for the Purpofes of this Adi for ever, and they lhall be deemed in Law to be in the adlual Right and Poffeftion thereof, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, as lully and cffedually as if every Perfon having any Eftate in the Premiles had conveyed the fame to the faid Company by any legal Conveyance whatfoever, and as if they had been enfeoffed thereupon ; and fuch Payment or Security as aforefaid lhall noc only bar all Right, Title, Claim, Intereft, and Demand of the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame (hall or ought to have been made, but alfo lhall extend to and be deemed and conftrued to bar the Terce or Jointure ot the Wife of every fuch .Perfon, and all Eftates and lnterefts under Entail or in Reverfion or Remainder or otherwile therein againft the Iffue and Heirs of every fuch Perfon, and againft all other Perfons whomfoever therein : Provided ntvertheltfs, that before fuch Payment or Security as aforefaid, it fhall not be lawful for the laid Company of Proprietors, or any Perfon ading under their Authority, to dig or cut the Lands or Grounds of the Perfon or Perfons entitled to luch Payment or Security, for the Purpofe of making the faid Railway or Works without the Content of fuch Perfon or Perlons refpedively.

XLI. And. be it further enaded, That if any Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Houles, Heritages, or other Subjeds purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes ot this Act which were held under Entail, or fubjed to Liferent Annuities or other Incumbrances, or belonging to any Corporation, married Woman, Minor, Lunatic, Idiot or other Perfon under any Itgal Difabihty or Incapacity, luch Money, in cafe the fame fhall amount to Two Hundred Pounds or upwards, lhall be under the Authority and Dire lion of the Court of Sefiion, and lhall without Delay be paid in the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, or fuch other Bank as the Court lhall dired, upon the highelt Intereft that can be got, in order chat it may be applied, with the Approbation and by the Authority of the faid Court, in the Purchafeof the Land Tax, or in the

Difchsrgc

Application of Compenfation Money to Corporations, Minors, Jec. when amounting to auol. or upwards.

4&* GE0RGI1 III. Cap. 4-6.	*19

Difcharge of any Debt or Incumbrance affeding the faid Lands, Houfes, or other Subjeds, or affeding other Lands or Houfes belonging to the fame Perfons and fettled to the fame or like Ufes, and under the like Conditions and Limitations ; and when fuch Money cannot be applied to thole or the likePurpofes, then the fame lhall be laid out in the Purchafe or on the Security of other Lands, Houfes, and Subjeds of the like Nature, and the Rights and Titles thereof fhull bedevifed to the fame Perfon or Perfons, or for their Benefit to the fame Series of Heirs, for the fame Ufes andPurpofes, and under the fame Provifions, Conditions, and Limitations as the Lands, Houfes, and other Subjeds taken and ufed for the Purpofes of this Ad were deviled and fettled, or fuch of them as fhall be then exifting and capable of taking effed ; and in the mean Time, until fuch Purchafe or Security can be effected, the Intereft of luch M«*ney fhall be paid by the Authority of the faid Court to the Perfon or Perfons who, for the Time being would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Houfes, or other Subjeds fo taken and ufed by the faid Company of Proprietors.

XLII. And be it further enaded, That if fuch Money fo to be paid or If lefs than any fuch Houfes, Lands, Heritages, or other Subjeds fhall be lefs than aool. and Two Hundred Pounds, but fhall be equal to or exceed Twenty lbove20°h Pounds Sterling, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons who far the Time being would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Houfes, Heritages, and other Subjeds conveyed to or taken by the laid Company of Proprietors for the Purpofes of this Ad, to be fignified in Writing under their refpedive Hands, or under the Hands of their Tutors, Curators, or Truftees, in Cafes of Minority, Lunacy, or Truft, fuch Money fhall be paid into one or other of the laid Banks under the Diredion and Au-thority of the Court of Seflion, and lhall be applied in the Manner before direded, or otherwife the lame fhall be paid at the like Option to Two Truftees, to be named by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by the faid Committee, or any Three or more of them, in order that fuch Money and the Intercft arifing thereon may be applied in the Manner before direded, as far as the Circumftances of the Cafe lhall make it practicable.

XLHI. And be it further enaded, That where fuch Money fhall be lefs Iflefs thaa than Twenty Pounds Sterling, then the fame lhall be applied to the ufe ol aol. the Perfon or Perfons who for the Time being would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Houles, and other Subjeds fo taken and conveyed for the Purpofes aforefaid, in fuch Manner as the faid Committee, or any I hree or more of them, lhall think fit, or in cafe of Truft to his or their Truftees, or in cafe of Minority or Lunacy, to his her, or their Tutors or Curators for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpedively.

XL1V. And be it further enaded. That In cafe any Perfon or Perfons to I" cafe of rot whomany Sum or Sums of Money lhall be awarded for the Purchafe of me*cing out any Lands, Houfes, or other Subjeds purchafed by this Ad lhall Tilles’ *c' refufe to accept the fame, or lhall not be able to make a good Title’to the Premiics to the Satisfadion of the faid Commiitee, or in cafe fuch Perfon or Pcrlons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money lhall be fo awarded as

aforefaid

820	4^	GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

aforefaid cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fucb Lands, Houfes, or other Subjects be not known or difcovered, then and in every fuch Cafe it {hall ;tnd may be lawful to and for the laid Committee to order the laid Sum or Sums of Money, fo awarded as aforefaid, to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Credit of the Parties interefled in the faid Lands, Houfes, or other Subjects \_dcfcribing tbcm~\ fubjeCt to the Order, Controul, and Difpofition of the Court of Seflion, which faid Court on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money or any Part thereof by Petition, fhall be and he is hereby empowered in a fummary Way of Proceeding, or otherwife as to the fame Court fhall leem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the public Funds, and to order Diftribtition thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refptCtive Kftate or Eftates, Title or Intereft nf the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court fhall feem juft a id reafonable; and the Treafurer or Treafurers, Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, who fhall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifving for what and for whole Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perlons as fhall pay any Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

Where any XLV. And be it further enaCted, That where any Queftion fhall arife arffe touching touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid into the Bank the Right to8 in purfuance of this ACt, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Houfes or other iiich Money Subjects, or of any Eftate, Right, or Intereft in any Lands, Houfes, or other Subjefts to be purchafed in purfuance thereof, the Perfon or Perfons who fhall have been in the Poffeflion of fuch Lands, Houfes, or other Subjects at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Poffeflion of fuch Per-lon or Perfons, fhall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Houfes or other Subjects, according to fuch Poffeflion, until the contrary fhall be fhewn to the Satisfaction of the faid Court of Seffion •, and fuch Money and the Intereft thereof (hall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it fhall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Poffeflion was a wrongful Poffeflion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Houfes, or other Subjects, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein.

The Court XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That where by may order rea- reafon 0f any Difability or Incapacity of the Perlon or Perfons or Corpo-pence'sofPur- rat'on entitled to any Lands, Houfes, or other Subjects to be purchafed chafej to be under the Authority of this ACt, the Purchafe Money for the fame (hall prid by Com- be required to be paid into the faid Banks, and to be applied in the Pur-nmtee.	chale of other Lands, Houfes, or other Subjects, to be fettled to the like

Dies in purfuance of this ACt, it (hall be lawful for the faid Court to order the Expences ofallPurchafes from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of this ACt, or lo much of fuch Expences as the Court (hall deem reafonable, together with the neceffary Cofts and Charges of obtaining fuch Order to be paid by the faid Company of Proprietors, which fhall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money for luch Purpofes as the laid Court fhall direct.

XLVII. And

4.8° GEOR-GII III. Cap. 46.	821

XL-VII. And, in confideration of the great Charge and Expence-which the Rates of faid Company muft incur and fuftain in making and maintaining the faid Tonnage. Railway and other Works hereby authorized to be made and maintained, be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Company from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to a(k, demand, take, recover, and receive, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of the faid Company, for all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and other Things whatfoever, which (hall be carried or conveyed upon any Part of the faid Railway, fuch Rates and Duties as the faid Company (hall think fit, not exceeding the Sum of Three Pence per Ton Weight thereof per Mile.

XLVI1I. And, for the better afcertaining the Tonnage of Stone, Timber, wh -and other Goods, to be charged with the Payment of fuch Rates as afore- tides on im"-faid on the faid Railway, be it further enafted, Thar Fifty Cubic Feet of berand light Round and Forty Cubic Feet of Square Oak, A(h, Elm, or Beech Tim- Gocds fhaJJ her, and Fifty Cubic Feet of Fir or Deal, Balk, Poplar, Birch, or other	*

Timber or Wood, not cut in Scantlings, (hall, for the Purpofrs of this Aft, be refpeftively deemed, rated, and eftimated as and for One Ton Weight; and One hundred and Twelve Pounds Weight Avoirdupois of Coal, Coke,

Culm, Lime, Sand, Slate, Tin, Freeftone, Limeftone, and all other Commodities, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Matters, and Things, of whatever Kind or Defcription, (hall, for the Purpofes of this Aft, be deemed, rated, or eftimated as and for One hundred Weight; and Two thoufand Two hundred and Forty Pouuds Weight of all Commodities, Matters, and Things whatfoever, (hall, for the Purpofes of this Aft, be deemed and taken to be One Ton; any Ufage of rating or eftimating the fame to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XL1X. And be it further enafted, That in all Cafes where there (hall jj;rea;D be a Fraftion of a Ton, a Proportion of the faid Rates (hall be demanded ho^Fraflion* and taken for fuch Fraftion, according to the Number of Quarters of a Ton of Rates fhaH contained in fuch Fraftion ; and in all Cafes where there (hall be a bc Paid-Fraftion of a Quarter of a Ton, fuch Fraftion (hall be deemed and con-fidered as a whole Quarter of a Ton ; and in all Cafes where there (hall be a Fraftion of a Mile in the Diftance which any Waggon or other Carriage (hall p.tfs upon the faid Railway, a Proportion of the faid Rates (hall be demanded and taken for fuch Fraftion, according to the Number of Quarters of a Mile contained in fuch Fraftion; and in all Cafes where there (hill be a Fraction of a Quarter of a Mile, fuch Fraction (hall, in afcertaining the faid Rates, be deemed and confidered as a whole Quarter of a Mile; and in order to afeertain fuch Diftances the faid Company (hall caufe the faid Railway to be meal'ured, and Stones or Ports with proper Infcriptions to be erected, and for ever maintained, on the Sides of the fame at the Diftance of One Quarter of a Mile from each other.

L. And be it further enacted, That the Rates herein authorized to be demanded and taken (hall be paid to fuch Perfon or Perlons, at fuch cove*'of**' Place or Places at or near the faid Railway, in i'uch Manner and under Rates'! ° fuch Regulations as the faid Company, at fome General or Soecial General Alfembly or Aflemblies (hall direct or appoint; and in cafe any Perfon or Perlons (hall refufe or neglect to pay i'uch Rates, or any Paw thereof, on Demand, to the Perfon or Perlons appointed to receive the lame by the faid Company of Proprietors or their Committee, then and \_Loc. y Per.}	9	T	in

822

48° GEORGII III. Vap. 46.

in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Company to fue for the fame by Action before the Court of Seffion, or it final 1 and may be lawful to and for the Perfon or Perfons fo appointed to collect fuch Rates, and he and they is and are hereby authorized to fe'rze the Goods or other Things for or in refpect whereof fuch Rates or any Part thereof ought to have been paid refpectively, and the Waggon or other Carriage laden therewith, and detain the fame until Payment fhall be made, and alfo until Payment of all Arrears of any Rates which may be due from the Owner or Owners of fuch Waggon or other Carriagesfas the Cafe may be) to the faid Company, together with the reafonable Charges of fuch Seizureand Detention ; andiffuch Goods ororher Things, Waggon or Carriage fhall not be redeemed within Five days next after the taking thereof, thefame fhall beapprailed and fold as the Law directs in Cafes of poinding or Diftrefs for Rent.

Profits not 10 LI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it fhall and may be exceed 20 per ]awful to and for any T wo Juft ices of the Peace in and fcr the faid County ^ent-	of Ayr, after the Expiration of Three Years from the Completion of the

faid Works, and they are hereby authorized to require from the Clerk of the faid Company of Proprietors by a Summons in Writing under their Hands and Seals, an Abftract of the Accounts of the faid Company, which Abftract the faid Clerk is hereby required to produce to fuch Juftices within Thirty Days after the Receipt of fuch Summons, fhewino-the clear Profits made for fuch Three Years, to be made up, figned, and fworn to by the Clerk of the faid Company •, and the faid Clerk, after making Oath to the Truth thereof, (hall deliver the faid Abftract to the faid Juftices or one of them, or fuch Perfon as they fhall appoint, to be afterwards depofited with the Sheriff of the faid County of Ayr, and the faid Juftices fhall confider the fame, and fhall report what Dividends the faid clear Profits fhall have afforded to the faid Company, or it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Juftices to iffue a Summons under their Hands and Seals to produce the feveral Books containing the Accounts of the Receipts and Difburfementsof the faid Company off’ro-prietors, all which Books the faid Company of Proprietors fhall and they are hereby required to produce within Thirty Days after the Receipt of fuch Summons; and in cafe it fhall appear that fuch Profits fhall have afforded more thanTwenty per Centum per Annum upon an Average upon the Sums originally fubfcribed and paid up, then the faid Company fhall be bound at the Firft General Meeting, on being thereunto required by the faid Juftices to reduce the aforefaid Rates of Tonnage to fuch Sums as fhall appear to the faid Juftices to be fufficient to afford out of fuch clear Profits Dividends not exceeding Twenty per Centum per Annum upon the capital Sock of the faid Company that fhall have been paid up; and in cafe at any fubfequent Period 'of Two Years it fhall appear to the laid Juftices that a lefs Profit than Twenty per Centum per Annum hath accrued to the Company upon the Average of the faid Two Years, fuch Profits to be afcertained as hereinbefore directed, it fhall be lawful for the faid Company to increafe the faid Rates of Tonnage, not exceeding at any Time the original Rates hereby authorized to be taken, and the faid Rates fhall be reduced and increafed inlike Manner from Time to Time, but no Reduction or Increafe fhall take place oftener than once in Two Years.

LII. And

4&° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.	823

LI I. And, for the better afcertaining and more eafily collefting the faid Mifteriof Rares, be it further enafted, That the Owner or Owners, or Perfon or 'Ya2gons ,c> Perfons having the Care of any Waggon or other Carriage pafling upon fn^wddngof the faid Railway, or any Part thereof, (hall give an exaft and true Ac- theGoodfin count in Writing, figned by him or them, to the Colleftor or Colleftors Waggona. of the faid Rates at the Place or Places where he or they (hall attend for that Purpofe, of what Quantity cf Goods or other Things as afore-faid (hall be in fuch Waggon or other Carriage refpeftively, and from whence brought, and where the fame are intended to be unloaded or left; and in cafe any fuch Owner or Owners, Perfon or Perfons, having the Care of fuch Waggon or other Carriage, (hall negleft or refufe to give fuch Account to any fuch Colleftor demanding the fame, or (hall give a falfe Account, or (hall deliver any Part of his Lading or Goods at any other Place or Places than what is or are mentioned in fuch Account, with Inrent to avoid the Payment of the faid Rates, or any Part of them, then and in every (uch Cafe every fuch Owner or Owners, Perfon or Perfons fo offending, (hall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every Ton of Goods and other Things, and fo in proportion for any lefs Quantity than a Ton which (hall be in any fuch Waggon or other Carriage refpeftively, of which he, (he, or they (hall have fo refufed or neglected to give fuch Account, or which (hall have been fo fraudulently delivered out as aforefaid (as the Cafe (hall be) over and above the refpeftive Rates direfted to be paid for the fame by virtue of this Aft.

LI1L And be it further enafted. That if any Difference (hall arife be- Jf D;ffer-tween any Colleftor or Collectors of the faid Rates and the Owner or ence; Collec-Owners, or Perfon or Perfons having the Charge of any Waggon or other tors may Carriage, or the Owner of any Goods or other Things therein, then and in w'tghormei-every luch Cafe it lhall be lawful for any fuch Colleftor or Colleftors to (top fu0r*,V'ag" and detain any luch Waggon or other Carriage, and to weigh, meafure, and gauge, or caufe to be weighed, meafured, or gauged, fuch Waggon or other Carriage, and all fuch Goods and other Things as (hall be therein contained relpcftively; and in cafe the fame lhall upon fuch weighing, meafuring, or gauging appear to be of greater Weight or Quantity than what is fee forth and contained in the Account given thereof as aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe the Owner or Owners, or Perfon or Perfons giving in fuch Account (hall pay the Cofts and Charges of fuch weighing, ineal'uring, and gauging, all which faid Cofts and Charges upon Nonpayment thereof upon Demand (hall and may be fettled by any Juftice of the Peace for the faid County, and the fame, when fo fettled, lhall and may be recovered and levird Dy fuch Ways and Means and in fuch Manner as any Penalty or Forfeiture can or may be recovered and levied by virtue of this Aft ; but if fuch Goods and other Things lhall be of tne lame or lefs Weight or Quantity than the fame (hall by fuch Account^-have been dated to be of, then and in every fuch Cafe the faid Colleftor or Colleftors (hall pay the Cofts and Charges of fuch weighing, meaiuring, and gauging, and aifo pay to fuch Owner or Owners, or Perfon or Perfons, or to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods or other Things a reafonable Satisfaftion as Damages for fuch Detention, all which Cofts and Charges and Satisfaftion lhall be fettled by fome Juftice of the laid County, and the fame when fo fettled (hall and may be recovered and levied by fuch Ways and Means and in fuch Manner as any Penalty or Forfeiture can or may be recovered and levied by virtue of this Aft.

L1V. And

824-

Power to fix

Ratesoffmall

Parcels.

Paffageor Railway to be free on Pay-mentof Rates.

No Waggons to pals on Railway un-lefs conftruft-ed according to Regulations of the Company.

48° GEORG II III. Cap. 46.

LIV. And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Company of Proprietors from Time to Time toafcertain and fix the Price or Sum or Sums of Money to be charged or taken for the Carriage of any Parcel not exceeding Five hundred Pounds in weight upon the faid Railway, or upon any Part or Parts thereof; and the faid Company of Proprietors lhall from Time to Time caufe to be printed and affixed upon every public Tollhoufe or Building on or near to the laid Railway, in fome confpicuous Place, a Lift or Account afcertaining and particularizing the Price or Sum or Sums of Money fo to be charged or taken for the Carriage of fuch Parcels as aforefaid upon the faid Railway ; and in cafe anv Owner or Mafter, or other Perfon having the Care of any Waggon or other Carriage paffing upon the faid Railway, or upon any Part or Parts thereof, after fuch Lift or Account fo afcertaining and particu-lafizing the Price or Sum or Sums of Money at which every fuch Parcel lhall be lo carried and conveyed (ball be fo fixed as aforefaid, (ball demand or take for the Carriage or'any fuch Parcels as aforefaid more than the Price or Sum or Sums of Money in fuch Lift or Account afeertained and particularized for that Purpofe, fuch Owner, Mafter, or other Perfon (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, at the Difcretion of the Judge or Magiftrate before whom fuch Perfon (hall be convi&ed.

LV. And be it further enadted, That all Perlons whomfoever (hall have free Liberty to ufe with Horfes, Cattle, and Carriages the Roads, Ways and Paffages to be made by virtue of this Ad, for the Purpofe of conveying any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and other Things to or from the faid Railway and every Parc thereof, without paying any Thing for the ufe of fuch Roads, Ways, and Paffages, and alfo Co pafs upon and ufe the faid Railway with Waggons or other Carriages properly conftructed reflectively as hereinafter mentioned, and to employ any Cranes, Warehoufes, or Places belonging to the faid Company for loading and unloading fuch Goods and other Things upon Payment of fuch Rates as (hall be demanded by the faid Company, not exceeding the refpedtive Sums herein mentioned, and fubjed to the Rules, Orders, Bye Laws, and Regulations which (hall be from Time to Time made by the faid Company by virtue of the Poweis herein granted.

LVI. And be it further enaded, Thar no Perfon or Perfons whomfoever (hall pafs upon any Part of the faid Railway with any Waggon or other Carriage whatloever, unlcfs the fame (hall be conftruded agreeably to the Orders and Regulations of the faid Company, which Orders and Regulations (hall be ftuck upon a confpicuous Part ofevery Tollhoule ereded upon fuch Railway for the collecting of the Rates by this Act imuofed (except in crofting the fame for the convenient Occupation of the adjacent Grounds, or in paffing any public or private Carriage Road which may happen to crofs the faid Railway); and all fuch Orders and Regulations (hall be affixed to fome confpicuous Part of every Tollhoufe for collecting the faid Rates arifing on the faid Railway ; and if any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever (hall pafs upon any Part of the faid Railway with any Waggon or other Carriage not confttuded in the Manner hereinbefore direded (except as before excepted) he, (be, or they fo offending lhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be levied, recovered, and applied in fuch and the like Manner as any Penalty or Forfeiture can or may be levied, recovered, and applied by virtue of this Ad.

LVII. And

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

LVII. And for the betterRegulation oftheOwnersof Waggons andother Carriages and others employed by or under them refpe&ivcly, and for the more eafy Dete&ion of any Thing by them done contrary to the Directions of this ACV, be it further enaCted, That the Owner of every Waggon or other Carriage palling along the faid Railway (hall caufe his or her Name and Place of Abode, and the Number of his or her Waggon or other Carriage to be entered with the Clerk to the faid Company, and (hall alfo caufe fuch Name and Number to be painted in large white capital Letters and Figures on a black Ground, three Inches high at the lead, and a proportional Breadth, on fome confpicuous Part of the Outfide of every fuch Waggon or other Carriage, and (hall permit and fuffer every fuch Waggon or other Carriage to be gauged or meafured at the Expence of the faid Company, whenever it (hall be required by them or any Per-fon or Perfons appointed for that Purpo(e; provided that no fuch Waggon or other Carriage (hall be gauged or meafured more than Four Times in any one Year; and the Owner of every Waggon or other Carriage which (hall pals on any Part of the laid Railway without having fuch Name,

Figures, and Index thereon as hereinbefore directed, and every Perfon who (hall alter, erale, deface, or deftroy the fame, or any Part thereof, or who (hall tefufe to permit and fuffer any luch Waggon or Carriage to be gauged and meafured, (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LV1II. And be it further enaCted, That the Owner or Owners of every owners 0f Waggon or other Carriage palling upon the faid Railway, or any Part there- Waggons an' of, fhall be, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby made anfwerable fwerable for for any wilful Damage, Spoil, or Miichief that (hall be done by his, Damages, her, or their Waggon or other Cartiage, or any of the Drivers or other Perfons belonging to or employed in or about the fame refpeCtively, unto the Railway or other Works to be made by virtue of this Act, or bv loading and unloading any Waggon or other Carriage, and for any wilful Trefpal’s or Damage that (hall or may be done to the Owner or Occupier of any Building, Lands, or Tenements, or other Property adjoining or lying near to the fame, or any of them, or any other Trefpafs wbatfoever, and the faid Owner or Owners of fuch Waggon or other Carriage (hall for every fuch wilful Damage, upon Conviction of fuch Perlon or Perfons before any Juftice of the Peace either by the Confeflion of the Party or Parties offending, or upon the Oath or Oaths ot One or more credible Witnefs or Witnefies (which Oath or Oaths iuch Jullice is hereby empowered and required to adminiffer) pay to the Peifon or Perfons injured the Damages to be alcertained by fuch Juftice, provided that luch Damage do not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, and over and above fuch Damages (hall alio forfeit and pay to the Informer any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, and all the Cods, Charges, and Expences attending luch Conviction ; which Damages, Penalties, and Cofts (hall be levied by Diftrcfs and Sale o( the Goods and Chattels of the Owner or Owners of fuch Waggon or other Carriage, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand of luch Juftice, and the Overplus (if any) after fuch Penalty,

Damages, and the Colls and Charges of fuch D.ftrei's and Sale are deducted, fhall be returned upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of luch Goods and Chattels, or if the faid Damages (hall exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, then and in fuch Cafe the Owner or Owners of fuch Waggon or other Carriage fhall and may be profecuted for the fame in the Court of Seffion, and if found guilty or a VerdiCt pafled againft him or

{Lee. fcf Per}.	9	Z	her,

825

Owners to put their Names on the Waggons.

£*6

Owners of Waggons to have Recourfe on their Servants for Damages.

Company or Committee to regulate Paf-fage of Wag-gens.

Company to make Gates, Arches, &c. under Direction of Juf-tices.

4S0 GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

her, or Judgment be given againft him or her, the Purfuer in fuch Cafe fhall recover his Damages thereby fuftained, with full Cofts of Suic.

LIX. Provided always, Thar in cafe the Owner or Owners of any Waggon or other Carriage as aforefud fhall be compelled to pay any Penalty, or to make Satisfaction for any Damage by reafon of any wilful Negleft or Default done or committed by his, her, or their Servant, fuch Servant fhall be liable to repay fuch Penalty or Satisfaction ro fuch Owner or Owners, and in cafe of Nonpayment upon Demand thereof, ar.d Oath made by fuch Owner or Owners of the Payment by him, her, or them of fuch Penalty or Satisfaction, and that the lame hath not been repaid to him, her, or them, by luch Servant, although demanded, (luch Oath to be made before any one Juftice of the Pe ce afting in and for the laid County of the lame Penalty and Satisfaction fhall be levied bv Warrant under the Hand of fuch Juftice, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Effects of fuch Servant, together with all Cofts and Charges attending lurh Diftrefs and Sale; and the laid Penalty and Satisfaction, when recovered, fhall be paid to luch Owner or Owners, in Difcharge of fuch Penalty or Satisfaction fo by him or them paid for he wilful Aft or Default of fuch Servant as afore laid ; and in ca'e nofufficienc Diftrefs can be had, fuch Juftice of the Peace fhall and is hereby required to commit luch Servant to the common Gaol or Houfe of CurreCtion for the laid County, there to remain without Bail, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

LX. And be it further enafted, That if any Waggon or other Carriage fhall be placed or fuffered to remain in any Part ot the laid Railway or other Works fo as to obltruft the Paftage thereof, and the Perfon having the Care of fuch Waggon or other Carriage fhall not, immediately upon Requeft made, remove luch Waggon or other Carriage, then and in every fuch Cafe every fuch Perlun fo offending fhall forfeit and pay for every luch Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings for every Hour fuch Obftruftion fhall continue after the making of fuch Requeft ; and it fhall be lawful for any Collector or other Officer belonging to the laid Company to caule any fuch Waggon or other Carriage to be unloaded, if neceliary, and to be removed in luch Manner as fhall be proper for preventing luch Obftruftion, and to detain fuch Waggon or other Carnage and the Loading thereof, or any Part of fuch Loiding, until the Charges uccaftoned by luch Removal fhall be paid and dilcharged.

LX1. And be it further enafted, That the faid Company fhall within Six Calendar Months next after any Part of the faid Railway fhall be laid out and formed, at their own Cofts and Charges, make, ereft, and fet up, and from Time to Time maintain and lupport fuch and fo many convenient Gates in and upon the laid Railway, and alio fuch Arches, Ditches, Drains, and Paflages, over, under, or by the Side of the faid Railway, of fuch Dimenfions and in fuch Manner as any Two Juftices of the Peace afting in and for the faid County fhall from Time to Time judge neceffary and appoint, in cafe there (hall be any Difpute about the fame, for the Ufe of die Owners and Occupiers of the Lands and Grounds through which fuch Railway fhall be made, or for protecting the laid Lands and Grounds from Trefpafs, or the Cattle or other Property of the Owners or Occupiers thereof from (fraying or efcaping, by reafon of fuch Railway, or any other Matter or Thing to be done in purfuance of this

Act;

827

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 46.

Act; and all fuch Gates, Arches, Ditches, Drains, and Paflages, fo to be made as aforefaid, fhall from Time to Time and at all Times thereafter be fupported, maintained, and kept In fufficient Repair and Condition by the faid Company ; and in cafe the faid Company fhall refufe and neglett to make, erect, or fet up fiieh Gates, Arches. Dicches,

Drains, and Paflages, as hereinbefore directed, or to maintain and fupport the fame or any of them when erected, fet up, and made, in Manner as aforefaid, for the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the Time to be appointed for thole Purpofes refpeftively by the faid Juftices, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall be lawful for ali or any of the Owners or Occupiers of the faid Lands or Hereditaments who fhall find himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved by fuch Refufal or Neglect to make, erect, and fet up all fuch Gates, Arches, Ditches, Drains, and Paflages, or any of them, as the faid Juftices fhall have before direfted or appointed to be made, eredfed, and fet up as aforefaid, and to maintain, repair, and fupport the fame from Time to Time as Occafion fhall require, io that in making and maintaining fuch Gates, Arches, Ditches, Drains, and Paflages, or any of them as aforefaid, the laid Railway, Buildings, and other Things hereby authorized to be made or erected by the faid Company fhall not be obftructed or injured for any longer Space of Time or in any other Manner than lhall be neceffary for the doing thereof, and all the reafon-able Cofts and Charges thereof (to be fettled and allowed by the faid Juftices) fhall be repaid to the refpective Owners or Occupiers of the faid Lands or Heritages, who fhall have fo erected and made, repaired or maintained fuch Gates, Arches, Ditches, Drains, and Paflages, or any of them as aforefaid by the faid Company within the Space of Two Calendar Months next after the fame fhall have been fo fettled and allowed, and an Accountand Demand in Writing fhall have been delivered and madethcreof toand from the faidCompany; and in Default ofPaymentof the faid Cofts within the Time aforefaid, the faid Juftices lhall and they are hereby required, by Warrant under their Hands, to levy the faid Cofts and Charges by Diftrels and Sale of any of the Goods and Effects of the Company, for the uleof fuch Perfon or Herfons who fhall have fo incurred fuch Cofts and Charges, rendering to the faid Company the Overplus (if any) after deducing the reafonable Charges of making fuch Diftrefs and Sale, and fuch Cofts and Charges fhall be fettled by the faid Juftices ; and everyand anyof the faid Owners and Occupiers, upon Refulal or Neglect of the laid Company to pay the faid Cofts and Charges as aforefaid, (hall and may alio havefuch and the like Remedy againft them for the Recover* thereof by Action of Law, to be commenced and profecuted in fuch Manner as in other Cafes is by this Act directed.

LXII. Provided always, and beit furtherenacted, That if it fhall at any Owners of Time or Timesappear to theOwneror Occupier, Owners orOccupiersof Lands may any Lands or other Heritages through which the faid Railway fhall be erea Gates, made, that the Gates, Arches, Ditches, Drains, and Paflages, or anv of fhofe'^mad6 b them, which the faid Two Juftices fhall have fo directed or appointed Com fanfare tc be made by the faid Company, are inefficient either in their Number infufficient. or Situation for the commodious Ufe and Occupation of their refpective Lands or Heritages through which the faid Railway fhall pafs, then and in every fuch Cale it lhall be lawful for any fuch Owner or Occupier, with the Conlent and Approbation of the faid Company upon Requeft made io them or their Clerk or Trcalurer for the Time being, or in cafe of their Refulal for the Space of Fourteen Days next after fuch Requeft,

then

8a8

Owners and Occupiers to pals along Railway.

Company to fence Railways.

Penalty on dellroying I Works.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

then with the Confent and Approbation of fuch Two Juffices at afore-iaid, to make, fix, and erect, at their own Colls and Charges, fuch other Gites, Arches, Ditches, Drains, and Pafiages, or any of them, of the fame or the like Conftruction or Form with thofe made and erected by the faid Company, in, upon, or near to the faid Railway, in fuch Places as (hall be found and adjudged mod neceflary and convenient for the better Ule, Cultivation, Improvement, or Occupation of fuch Lands or other Heritages, and to repair and fupport the fame at their own like proper Cofts and Charges, as Occafton (hall require, fo that the PafTage through of along the laid Railway be not prevented or obftructed thereby for any longer Space of Time, or in any other Manner than the fame would necellarily have been if fuch Gates, Arches, Ditches, Drains, and Pafiages had been made or erected by the faid Company.

LX III. Provided always, That it fhall be lawful for the Owners and Occupiers qf the refpe&ive Lands or Grounds through which the faid Railway (hall be made, and his and their Servants and Workmen, Cattle and Can lages, at all Times to pals and rrpals acrol's fuch Part of the faid Railway as fhall be made in and upon their laid Lands and Grounds relpectiveiy, fuch Owners or Occupiers noedamaging or obftructing the fame or the PafTage thereof.

LX1V. Provided always neverthelefs, and be it further enadled, That the laid Company fhall and they are hereby empowered and required, at their own proper Charges, after any Lands fhall be taken for the Ule of the faid Railway, to divide and feparate, and keep conlfantly divided and feparated, the fame from the Lands or Grounds adjoining to fuch Railway with good and fufficient Polls, kails, Hedges, Ditches, Mounds, or ocher Fences, and at their own Cofts and Charges from Time to Time maintain and fupport the laid Pofts, Rails, Hedges, Ditches, Mounds, and other Fences fo to be made as aforelaid, in cafe the Owner or Owners or Occupiers of fuch Lands or Grounds adjoining to fuch Railway, or any of them relpectivtlv fhall at any Time defire the lame to be fenced off, or in calc the laid Company fhall think proper to fence off the lame, inftead of Gates being erected as aforelaid; and the laid Company fhall alfo make and maintain all necelfary Gates and Stiles in all luch Fences to be made as aforelaid, all fuch Gates being made to open towards luch Lands and Grounds, and then and in every luch Cafe the Powers, Provifions, Directions, and Regulations hereinbefore contained, with refpedt to Gates and other Works as aforelaid, fhall extend and apply, and be applicable to the making and maintaining of fuch Fences as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purpoles, as if the laid Powers, Provilions, Directions, and Regulations were now repeated and reenacted with relpect to luch Fences.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon (hall wilfully, e malicioufly, and to the Prejudice of the laid Undertaking, break, throw down, damage, dellroy, (leal, or rake away any Part of tne laid Railway, or other Works to be erected and made by virtue of this Act, every Per-lon offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, (ball be lubjeccand liable to the like Pains anti Penalties as in Cafes of Felony j and the Court by or before whom fuch Perfon fhall be tried and convicted fhall have Power and Authority to caufe fuch Perfon to be punifhed in like

Manner

480 GEORGII III. Cap. 46.	829

Manner as Felons are directed to be puniihed by the Laws of Scotland, or in Mitigation of fuch Punilhment, fuch Courts may, if they fha)I think fit, award fuch Sentence as the Law directs in Cafes of arbitrary Punilhment.

LX VI. And be it further enabled, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall knowingly and wilfully lay or place any Sore of Timber or Wood, or any Stones, Bricks, Tiles, Coals, Lime, Hay, Straw, Dung, Manure, Soil,

Rubbifh, or any other Matter or Thing whatfoever on any Part of the faid Railway to the Prejudice thereof, every Perfon fo offending fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied, recovered, and applied as other Penalties or Forfeitures are by this Act directed to be levied, recovered, and applied.

LXVII. And be it further enacted. That all and every Perfon or Per- Gate* to be fons opening any Gate fet acrofs the faid Railway, (hall, and he or they	fii~

is and are hereby required and directed, lo foon as he or they and the Waggon or other Carriage (hall have paffed through the fame, to (hut and fallen the fame ; and every Perfon neglecting fo to do fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence a Sum not exceeding Two Pounds, and fuch Penalty (hall be levied and recovered in like Manner as any other Penalty can or may be levied and recovered by virtue of this Act; and one Moiety of fuch Penalty (hall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the faid Company of Proprietors.

LXVII I. And be it further enacted, Thac it (hall be lawful for the Owner* of Owner or Owners of any Lands or Grounds near to, through, or by Landatoereft which the faid Railway lhall be made, to erect and ufe any Place or Places for loading and unloading Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Ground*, other Articles, Cranes, Weighbeams or Warehoufes, in or upon his, her, or their refpective own proper Linds, Grounds or Wades adjoining, or near to the faid Railway, with neceffary Ways and Roads to the fame, and may load or unload any Goods or other Things at fuch Warehoufe or Places, and make and ufe proper and convenient Places for Waggons or other Carriages to turn in and pafs each other, fo that the making or ufing thereof relpeCtively do not obdruct or prejudice the ufing of the faid Railway.

LX1X. And be it further enacted. That if any fuch Owner or Own- iftheOwner* ers (hall not within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months next after refute, the Notice given in Writing to him, her, or them, or left at his, her, or their ^r°”Pfuncyhmay ufual Place or Places of Abode, by or on the Behalf of the faid Company, w^ehoufes that any Part of fuch Lands, Grounds, or Wades, is neceffary or proper &c. to be ufed for the Purpofe of making and eredting Place or Places for loading and unloading Goods, Wares, Merchandize and other Articles,

Cranes, Weighbeams, Warehoufes and Buildings for the ufe of the faid Undertaking, or for making or laying out neceffary and convenient Roads for the ConveyanceofGoods to and from the laid Railway, make, erect, and lay out, and from Time to Time maintain and keep in good and fubdantial Repair fuch proper and fufficient Places, Warehoufes,

Buildings, Cranes, Weighbeams, and Roads for theUlc of the faid Railway, as the faid Company of Proprietors or their Committee (hall think neceffary, on the refpeCtive Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds deferibed in fuch Notice, then and in fuch Cafe thefaid Company of Proprietors (hall have full Power and Authority, without any Hindrance or J \Lbc. 13 Per.]	io	A	Reftraint

For preventing Nuifance* and Obftruc-tions.

/

836	4S°	GEORGII	III.	Cap. *6.

•Reftraint whatfoever, tomake ufeofany fuch Lands, Grounds, or Waftes (not being the Ground whereon any Houfe or other Building (lands, or any Garden, Orchard, planted Walk, or any Avenue to any Houfe) fo making, eredling, or building proper and fufficient Places for loading and unloading Goods, Wares, Merchandize and other Articles, Cranes, Wcighbeams, Warehoufes, and Buildings, and making and laying out neceffary and convenient Roads to and trom the faid Railway agreeably to fuch Notice to be delivered as aforefaid, they the faid Company of Proprietors firfl making Satisfaction for the fame in fuch Manner as is hereinbefore directed with rel’pect to other Lands or Grounds which (hall be taken or ufed by the faid Company for the Purpofes fo this Act.

Goods re- LXX. And be it further enafled, That if any Goods, Wares, Mer-inainingabove chandize or Things whatioever, which (hall be carried and conveyed on to^a^'add'1”*	Railway,	fhall	he	or	remain upon any Place or Places for load-

ttonafly2 ' ing ar|d unloading Goods, Wares, Merchandize and other Articles, or Warehoufes belonging to the faid Company of Proprietors, for above the Space of Twenty-four Hours, then and in Inch Cafe the faid Company of Proprietors (hall be entitled to receive fuch reafonable Rates or Allowance, over and above the Rates hereinbefore authorized to be taken, as (hall be agreed upon between the faid Company of Proprietors, or their Agent or Agents, or fuch other Perfon or Perfons and the Owner or Owners of any fuch Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Things; and the Juftices of the Peace at the Quarter Selfions to be holden for the faid County, are hereby authorized and empowered to make luch Regulations from Time to Time as they may think fir, for limiting and alcertaining the Rates for the depositing or warehousing ot luch Goods, Wares, Merchandize or other Articles, at (uch Place or Places, Warehoufe or Warehoufes.

Tor making LXX1. And be it further enacted, That if at anyTime orTimesh ere-Rccompence after any Perlon or Perfons fhall fuftain any Damage in his, her, or their far Damage Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Property, byreaion oftheExecu-rot provi t tjon 0f any 0f the povvers hereby given, and for which no Remedy is hereinbefore provided, then and in every luch Cafe the Recompence or Satisfaction for luch Damage fhall from Time to Time be fettled and afcertained in luch Manner as herein directed, in relpect to the Recompence or Satisfadlion to be made for any Damage fultained by executing any of the Powers of this Act.

Proprietorscf L.XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That the faid Corn-Railway not pat1y 0f Proprietors fhall not be liable to pay to the Truftees of the fo^HoTefor Poblic Turnpike Roads any Toll whatever, for any Horle or Carriage Carriages'	pafiing along the laid Railway acrofs fuch Parts of the faid Roads

croffing	where the lame is intended to be carried for the Purpofes of the laid

Roads. Undertaking.

Recovery of LXX1II. And be it further enafted, That all Penalties or Forfeitures Forfeitures for Offences inflicted by this Act, or which lhall be inflicted by any Rule, and Penalties. Law, or Order made by the faid Company of Proprietors in purfu-ance thereof (the Manner of levying and recovering whereofis not hereinbefore particularly directed) (hall, in cafe of Nonpayment thereof, on the Conviction of the Offender or Offenders before any. Jullice of the Peace tor the faid County of Ayr, or Place where the Offence (hall be committed, either by the Conleflion of the Party or Parties, or by the

-Evidence



480 GEORGII III. Cap. 46.	831

Evidence of credible Witneffes upon Oath (which Oath luch Juftice is hereby empowered to adminifter) or by fuch Proof as fhall be competent by the Law of Scotland in ftich Cafes, be levied and recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Effects of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand of fuch Juftice (which Warrant fuch Juftice is hereby empowered and required to grant), and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arifing by fuch Diftrefs and Sale, after fuch Penalties or Forfeitures and the Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale are recovered and deducted, fhall be returned upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Effects ; and in cafe fufficient Diftrefs cannot be found, or fuch Penalties or Forfeitures fhall not be forthwith paid, it fhall be lawful for fuch Juftice, bv Warrant under his Hand, to caufe fuch Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correction for the County or Place wherein the Offence fhall be committed, there to remain without Bail for fuch Time as fuch Juftice fhall direct, not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unlefsfuch Penalties or Forfeitures and all reafonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, fhall be fooner paid and fatisfied ; and all fuch Penalties and Forfeitures, the Application whereof is not hereinbefore particularly directed, fhall go and belong to the laid Company, and be applied for the Purpofes of this Act.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted. That where any Diftrefs fhall be Perfons ag-made for any Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Diftrefs icfelf grieved by fhall not be deemed unlawful, northe Party or Parties making the fame be |rr*?“!a”tJr deemed a Trel’paffer or Trefpaffers on account of any Defector want of Jjcier'sp^ Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Diftrefs, or other Proceed- cialDamagei. ings relating thereto, nor fhall the Party or Parties diftraining be deemed a Trefpafter or Trefpaffers, abinitio, on account of anylrregularity which fhall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties diftraining, but the Perfon or Perfons aggrieved by fuch Irregularity fhall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damages in an Action before the Court of Seflion.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That any Perfon or Perfons thinking himfeif, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved by any Order or Judgment ppea ** made or given in purfuance of any Rule, Bye Law, or Order of the faid Company, or by the Order or Determination of 4ny Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, may, within Six Calendar Months after fuch Order or Determination fhall have been made or given, appeal to the Juftices of the Peace at any General Quarter Seffions to beheld for the County or Place where fuchCauleof Appeal fhall happen or arife, upon firft giving Thirty Days’

Notice at the leaft, in Writing, offuch Intention to appeal, to the Parties interefted in fuch Complaint, and the Juftices fhall in a fummary Way hear anddetermine the faid Appeals at luch Seffions, orif they think proper may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General Court of Quarter Seffions of the Peace to be held for the faid County or Place, and if they fee Caufe may mitigate any Penalty or Forfeiture, and may order any Money to be returned which fhall have been levied in purfuance of fuch Rule, Bye Law, Order, or Determination, and may alfo order any Satisfaction to bemadetothe Party injured as they fhall judge reafonable, and may alfo order fuch Cofts to be paid to the Party aggrieved by the Party aggrefling as they in their JudgenhentfhalLhink juftand reafonable; but no Proceedings to be had and taken in purfuance of this A6V fhall be . quafhed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed by Advocation

or

832	48°	GEORGII III. Cap .46.

or by any other Procefs whatfoever; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithftanding.

Form of	LXXVI.	And, for the more eafy and fpeedy Conviction of Offenders

Conviflion. againft this Act, be it further enacted, That every Jufticeof the Peace before whom any Perl'on fhall be convicted of any Offence againft this Act, fhall and may caul'e the Conviction to be drawn up according to the following Form ; (videlicet)

“ R

J3E it Remembered, That on the	Day	of

*' in the Year of our Lord	A.	B. is

“ convicted before me C. D. one of His Majefty’s Juftices of the “ Peace for the County of	[fpK'fy’Hg	fbe Offence, and the Time

“ and Place when and where committed, as the Cafe may be] contrary to ** an Act of Parliament pafTcd in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign “ of King George the Third, entituled, [here Jet forth the Title of this “ Ail], Given under my Hand, the Day and Year firft above men-“ tioned.”

Limitation of LXXVI I. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit fhall be

A&ion». brought, commenced, or inftituted againft any Perfon or Perfons for any Thingdone in purfuance ot this Act, or in Execution of anyof the Powers or Authorities, or any of the Orders made, given, or directed in, by, or under this Aft, until Thirty Days’ Notice in Writing, of an Intention to commence or inftitute fuch Action or Suit fhall have been given to the Defender or Defenders, nor after a fufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Three Calendar Months next after the Fact committed for which fuch Action or Suit fhall befo brought, commenced, or profecuted ; or in cafe any Damage or Injury fhall be followed up by or confift of a Continuation or connected Succeflion of Acts, then luch Action or Suit lhall be commenced or profecuted within Three Calendar Months next after the doing or committing of luch Damage lhall ccafe, and not afterwards; and every fuch Action or Suit fhall be brought before the Court of Scflion in Scotland; and the Defender or Defenders in fuch Action or Suit fhall and may deny the Libel, and may plead that the fame was done in purluance and by Authority of this Act; and if the fame lhall appear lo to be done, or if luch Action and Suit fhall be brought after the Time hereinbefore limited for bringing the lame, or fhall be brought without Thirty Days’Notice thereof, or after a lufficicnt Satisfaction made or tendered as aforelaid, then and in every fuch Cale the Defender or Defenders lhall be aflbilzied, or if the Action or Suit fhall be found irrelevant or beotherwile difinifled, or the Purluer or Purfuers fhall not profecute the Action, or fuffer the fame to fall afleep, or if Judgment fhall be given againft the Purluer or Purfueis, fuch Defender or Defenders fhall have Treble Cofts, and lhall have fuch Remedy for recovering the fame as any Defender or Defenders hath or have for Lofts of Suit in any other Cale by Law in Scotland.

Public A3.	LXX VIII. And be it further enafted, That this Act fhall be deemed

and taken to be a Public Act, and lhall be judicially taken Notice ot as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpeculiy pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty. 1808-

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

****** *#*##**#**###*##55# ###*#*# ####***## #**#*##

Cap. 47.

An A<ft for the Improvement of the Harbour of Traw, fituate on the Weft Coaft of the County of Ayr,

[27th May 1808.]

WHEREAS Her late Majefty Queen Anne, by Charter bearing Date the Fifth Day of Augujl, and fealed at Edinburgh the Tenth Day of Oflober, in the Year of our Lord One thoufand feven hundred and feven, granted to William Fullerton and his Heirs, therein mentioned, the Port, Marine Station, and Harbour of Troon, therein declared to be a Free Port, Marine Station, and Harbour, with • Power to improve, repair, erect, and build the fame for receiving all Ships, Boats, and other Veffels, and to levy and apply to their own Ufe the Anchorages, and all petty Cuftoms, Cafualties, and Duties thereof: And whereas the faid Harbour of Troon, which is fituate on the Weft Coaft of the County of Ayr, in its prefent State, does not afford fufficient Security and Accommodation to Veffels lying therein : And whereas by erecting Piers or Ramparts, enlarging the faid Harbour, and making a Wet Dock, with a fufficient Quay or Quays thereto for the convenient loading and unloading of Ships, and by making and maintaining fuch other Works as may be neceffary for their Reception and convenient lying therein, the faid Harbour would be rendered fafe and commodious to the great Benefit of Owners of Veffels, Merchants, and others, trading to and from the fame, and would be of public Utility : And whereas the Moft Honourable IVilliae.i Henry Cavendijh Bentinck Scott [Loe. & Per. J	10 C	commonly



838

Power to make Wet Docks, fcc.

Empowering the Proprietor of the Harbour to take Katei.

Kate.'.

48* GEORG II III. Cap. 47.

commonly called Marquis of Titchficld, now claims to be Proprietor of the faid Harbour, and is defirous, at his own Expence, of enlarging the faid Harbour, and of erecting, making, and maintaining the faid Wet Dock, Piers, or Ramparts, Quays and.fitch other Works as are neceffary for the Improvement of the faid Harbour, and Accommodation of Veffels lying therein ; but as the faid Anchorages, petty Cufloms, Cafualties, and Duties, would be inadequate to fuch his Purpofe, and have not been properly afeertained, it would be expedient that the fame (hould be abo-lilhed, and that other Rates and Duties fhould be granted and made pay-able : But as the fame cannot be effecred without the Authority of Parliament ; May it therefore pleafe Your Majefly that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s mod Excellent Majefly, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Proprietor or Proprietors of the faid Harbour for the Time being, and he, (lie, and they is and are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time, to erect, con-flruct, make, build, do, maintain, and iupport fuch Wet Docks, Entrances, Piers, or Ramparts, Quays, Buoys, and fuch other Wo ks, as he, fhe, or they fhall deem necefiary or expedient for the Improvement of the faid Harbour of Tran, and for the Reception and Accommodation of Ships and Veffels lying therein, and for the convenient lading and unlading of fuch Ships and Veffels.

II.	And be it further enacted, That in confideration of the Expence which mufl be incurred in making and mainlining the aforefaid Harbour, Wet Docks, Bafons, Quays, Piers, and other Works, and alfo of the Expenc.es of Management thereof, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Proprietor or Proprietors of the faid Harbour for the Time being to demand, take and receive, or caufe to be demanded, taken, and received, inflead of all other the laid Anchorages, petty CuRorns, Cafualties, and Dues which have been heretofore payable, to and for his, her, or their own proper Ufe and Behoof, of and from all and evtrv the Mailers or Commanders, and Owners, of any Shij s or Welle!:, Barks and Boats, trading to and from and ufing the faid Harbour, the feveral Rates and Duties herein-after fpecified for fuch Veffels, agreeably to the Burthen and Tonnage thereof; -videlicet:

For every Ship, Veffel, or Boat, Britifh-built, being the Property of His Majefly’s Subjects Inhabitants of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, entering and ufing the Tide or Outer Harbour, the feveral Rates following ; videlicet, If under the Burden of Fifteen Tons the Sum of One Penny per Ton ; if of the Burden of Fifteen Tons or upwards, and under Twenty-five Tons, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny per Ton; if of the Burden of Twenty-five Tons or upwards, and under Forty-five Tons the Sum of Two-pence/>er Ton ; ifef the Burden of Forty-five Tons or upwards, and under Sixty Tons, the Sum of Three-pence per Ton i if of the Burden of Sixty Tons or upwards, and under Severn) five Tons, the Sum of Three-pence Halfpenny />*rTon;and if of the Burden of Seventy-five Tons or upwards, and under One hundred Ton, the Sum of Four-pence per Ton; and if of the Burden of One hundred Tons or upwards, and under One hundred and fifty Tons, the Sum of Five-ptnce/vr Ton ; and if of the Burden of One hundred and fifty Tons or upwards 9	and

^39

48°GEORGII III. Cap.47.

ind under Two hundred Tons, the Sum of Sixpence per Ton ; and if of the Burden of Two hundred Tons or upwards, and under Three hundred Tons, the Sum of Seven-pence per Ton ; and if of the Burden of Three hundred Tons or upwards, and under Four hundred Tons, the Sum of Eight-pence per Ton ; and if of the Burden of Four hundred Tons or upwards, the Sum of Nine-pence per Ton.

And for every Ship, Veffd, or Boat, Britilh-built, being the Property of His Majefly’s Subjects Inhabitants of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, entering and ufing the faid Wet Docks, or Inner Harbour or Harbours, or any of them, there Ihall further be paid One-half more in Addition to the faid Rates and Duties:

And for all Ships and Vsflfcls ufing the faid Tide or Outer Harbour, or the faid Wet Docks or Inner Harbour or Harbours, or any of them, being theProperty of Foreigners, or Foreign-built Veffels, there rtiall be paid Double the Tonnage Duty before fpecified for Britilh-built VelTels ufing the faid Harbours or Wet Docks, or any of them refpedlively : And that there fhall be paid by rhe Mailer of every Merchant Ship or other Veffisl, and other Perfon whomfoever, who fhall load or unload, export or import any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Articles or Commodities, within the faid Harbours or Docks, or any of them, over and above the refpeftive Tonnage Duties above fpecified, the feveral Rates and Duties mentioned in the Table or Schedule of Rates hereunto annexed.

III.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Proprietor or Proprietors of the faid Harbour for the Time being, or his, her, or their Colleftor or Collectors to receive and accept of and from any Mailer, Commander, or Owner of any Ship or Veffel, Bark or Boat, not exceeding the Burden of One hundred and fifty Tons, trading to and from, and ufing the faid Harbour, a Compofition for the faid Rates and Duties (,fo as fuch Compofition fhall not exceed fucli Rates and Duties) and fuch Compofition fhall be paid and payable at fuch Times and in fuch Manner, as (hall be agreed upon by and between the Proprietor or Proprietors of the faid Harbour for the Time being, or his or their Colleclor or Collectors, and any fuch Mafter, Commander, or Owner.

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which have paid the above-mentioned Rates and Duties at unloading, fhall be again exported in the fame Packages, fuch Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, fhall be exempted ftom the Payment of fuch Rates and Duties on the refhipping thereof.

V.	And be it further enacted, That no Filhery Salt imported in Bulk, and which (hall be re-fhipped in the Calks for the Filhery, (hall be liable to the Payment of any of the faid Rates and Duties when fo relhipped, other than the Dutiy in tire faid Table ftipulated for the Calks containing the fame, according to their Dimenfions; and no Ship or Veffel carrying Stones, Wood, or other Materials, into the faid Harbour or Wet Docks^ or any of them, for the Ul'eof the Piers or any other Works authorized to be made by virtue of this Aft, fhall be liable to the Payment of any of the aforefaid Rates or Duties in refpecl of fuch Voyage or Goods.

Sates may bo

compounded

for.

Goods for which Tonnage Duty once paid, not to pay a fecond Time, Sec.

For allowing certain Exemptions.

VI. And

84.0

To fix Ratei not enume-lEted in the Table.

When Dulles (hall commence.

Exemption from Duties, for Veffels in Hu Majefty’s Service.

Veffels rot to be cleared till Duties pa d.

48* GEORGII III. Cap.47.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That it fhall be lawful for the Proprietor or Proprietors of the faid Harbour for the Time being to afcertain and fix fuch icafonable Rates and Duties to be paid upon the loading or unloading, exporting or importing of any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Article or Commodity, not fpecified or enumerated in the faid Table or Schedule to this Ad annexed, as he, (he, or they fhall think fit, fo as no fuch Rate or Duty fhall exceed the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny for every Shilling on the Amount of the Freight of fuch Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Article, or Commodity refpedively ; and fuch Rates and Duties, when fo fixed and afcertained, fhall be confidered to all Intents and Purpo-fes, as if the fame had been fixed, afcertained, and efpecially enumerated in this Ad, or in the faid Table or Schedule hereunto annexed.

VII.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That nothing herein con" tained fhall extend, or be conilrued to extend, fo as to enable the Pro* prietor or Proprietors of the faid Harbour for the Time being to demand’ take, or receive and Rate or Duty by virtue of this Ad, for or in re* fped of any Ship or Veflel, or for or in refped of any Goods, Wares’ or Merchandize, until a Certificate (hall have been granted by the She* riff Depute of the faid County, Ipecifying and declaring that the faid Harbour is fo far completed that Ships and Veffels of Fifty Tons Burthen may with Safety enter the fame, and that the faid Piers and Quays are fo far completed that Sh'ps and Veffels of Fifty Tons Burthen may be loaded and unloaded therefrom, which Certificate the faid SheriffDepute fhall, and he is hereby required to grant, when and as foan as it fhall appear to the faid Sheriff Depute that fuch Harbour, Piers, and Quays, are fo completed as aforefaid ; and no fuch Rates or Duties fhall be had, demanded, taken, or received by the Proprietor or Proprietors of the faid Harbour for the Time being, until furh Certificte fhall be enrolled in the Books of the Sheriffs Court of the faid County.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That nothing in this Aft con'ained fhall extend, or be conilrued to extend, foas to charge with the Payment of any of the faid Rates or Duties, any of His Majefty’s Shins ot War, or any Ship, Tranfport, or Packet, belonging to His Majeflv, H s Heir* and Succeffors; nor any Ship, Tranfport, or Packet, employed in carrying the Mails of Letters and Expreffes under the Authority of flis Majefly’s Poflmafier General; uor any Ship or Veffel in the Service of the Cuf-toms or Excise; or any Ship or Veffel employed in or upon His Majefly’s Service in the Conveyance of any Ordnance Stores, or Officers or Soldiers, or any Horfes, Arms, Ammunition, or Baggage, to them or any of them belonging,

IX.	And be it further enafted. That if any Colleftor or Comptroller of His Majefly’s Cuftoms, Receiver of Entries, or Ships Surveyor or Searcher, Waiter, or other Officer of the Cuftoms whatfoever, fhall at any Time after the faid Rates and Duties fhall become payable, give or make out any Cocket or other Difcharge, or make any Report outwards for any Ship or other Veffel within the faid Harbour or Wet Docks, or any of them, or permit any Ship or other Veffel to go out of the faid Harbour or Wet Dock', or any of them, or from any Landing Place within the I .mits thereof, before the Mafter or Owner, or other Per-fon having the Rule cr Command of fuch Ship or other Veffel, fhall produce

8+i

48° GEORG II III. Cap. 47.

duce to fuch Collector, Comptroller of His Majefty’s Cuftoms, Receiver of Entries, or Ships Surveyor or Searcher, Waiter, or other < fficer of the Cuftoms, a Certificate from the Collector or Collectors aflina by or under the Authority of the Proprietor or Proprieties of the faid Harbour for the Time being, denoting that the Rates or Duties by this Act granted and impofed are paid, or fecured to be paid, which faid Certificate fuch Collector or Collectors fo acting by or under the Authority of the Proprietor or Proprietors of the faid Harbour for the Time being, is and are hereby required to give without Fee or Reward, upon the Payment of fuch Rates and Duties, then and in every fuch Cafe the Collector, Comptroller of His Majefty’s Cuftoms, Receiver of Entries, or Ships Surveyor or Searcher, Waiter, or other Officer of the Cuftoms, fo offlnding, (hall forfeit and pay to the Proprietor or Proprietors of the faid Harbour for the Time being, any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

X.	And, to the Intent that the Rates or Duties impofed by this ACt may be more effectually collected and levied, be it further enaCted, That in cafe any Owner or Mafter, or other Perfon having the Rule or Command of any Ship or other Veffel within the faid Harbour, or any FaCtor or Confignee thereof, chargeable with the Rates or Duties granted by this ACt, (hall refufe or negleCt to pay the fame, or any of them, then and in every fuch Cafe it {hall and may be lawful to and for the Proprietor or Proprietors of the faid Harbour for the Time being, or the Collector or Collectors, or other Perfon or Perfons, appointed in purfuance of this ACt to receive the fame, to go on board fuch Ship or Veffel, to demand, collect, and receive the faid Rates or Duties, and on Non-piyment thereof, or of any Part thereof, to take and detain every fuch Ship or other Veffel, and all the Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture thereto belonging, or any Part thereof; and all or any Part of the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, in refpeCt whereof fuch Kates or Duties {hall be payable, either on beard fuch Ship or other Veffel, or on Land, and the fame to detain until the relpective Rates or Duties {hall be fatisfied and paid ; and in cafe of Neglect or Default in Payment of the faid Rates or Duties, or of any Part thereof, for the Space of Five Days after any Diftrefs or Diftreffes fo made or taken, then and in every fuch Cafe it {hall and may be lawful to and for the Proprietor or Proprietors of the faid Harbour for the Time being, or fuch his, her, or their Collector or Collectors, or other Perfon or Perfons appointed as afor faid, to caufe the lame to be appraifed by Two or more Sworn Appraifers, or other fufficient Perfons, and afterwards to fell the Lid Diltrefs or D ftreffes, and out of the Produce of the Sale thereof, to fatisfv himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves, as well for and in refpeCt of the Rates or Duties fo negleCted or delayed to be paid, as alfo for and in refpeCt of his, her, or their reafon-able Charges in taking, keeping, appraifing, and felling the fame, ren--tlering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner, upon Demtnd ; or it {hall and may be lawful to and for the Proprietor or Proprietors of the faid Harbour for the Time being, in cafe of Nonp vment of the faid Rates and Duties as aforefaid, infteadof recovering the fame in Manner afore-faid, or in cafe the Whole thereof (hall not be fo recovered, to proceed lor the Recovery of the fame, or fo much thereof as (hall not be fo recovered by Action of Debt, or Trelpafs, on the Cafe.

[Z. oc. fe* Per.']	10	D	XI. And

Manner of

recovering

Rates.

§4-3

V	«."

Fenont eluding

to couture djaigtfauie.

How T n-nnge Dutie* fhall t^e afcer-tained.

Penally on Pejfo'H ob« Itniciimr thf rotfahiring of Ships or Veil'd*.

4$° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 47.

XI.	And be it farther enadled, That if any Mafter, Owner, or Per-

fon having the Rule or Command of any Ship or other Vt-ffel, or the Owner, Fadtor. or Confignee of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, lliall, by any Means whatsoever, at any Time or Times elude, evade, or avoid the Payment of the Rates or Duties hereby made payable in refpedt thereof, or any Part of the fame, then and in every fuch Cafe each and every Perfon eluding, evading, or avoiding Payment as aforefaid, lliall forfeit and pay to the Proprietor or Proprietors of the faid Harbour for the'l ime being a Sum equal to the Amount of fuch Kates and Duties, and (hall alfo ftand charged with, and be liable to the Payment of the faid Rates and Duties; and the fame fhall and may be recovered from fuch Mailer, Owner, Fadtor, or Confignee, or fuch other Perfon having fuch Rule or Command refpedtively, at any Time or Times, either by the Means herein-before prefcribed for the levying of the faid Duties, or by fuch Method, and in fuch Manner, as is herein-alter diredted for levying and recovering the Fines, Forieitures, and Penalties impofed by this AS and with like Cofts.	,

XII.	And be it further enacted, That the Mafter or other Perfon having the Rule or Command of every Ship or other Veftel lying within the fa d Harbour, fhall and he is hereby required to produce and ihew, on Demand, to the Proprietor or Proprietors of the faid Harbour for the Time being, or to the Perfon or PerLns appointed to colledt the Rates and Duties aforefaid, the Cuftom Houfe Rt-gifter of the Burthen of Tonnage of fuch Ship or Veftel, and in cafe of Refufal, Failure, or Delay in producing and fhewing the lame, or in cafe there fhall be no fuch Regifter, or In cafe the Proprietor or Proprietors of the faid Harbour for the Time being, or fuch Perfon or Perfons appointed to colled! the Rates and Duties aforefaid, fhall not be fatisfied therewith, or fhall entertain any Doubt of the Corredlnefs thereof in regard to the Tonnage of fuch Ship or Veftel, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Proprietor or Proprietors of the faid Harhour for the Time being, or fuch other Perfon or Perfons appointed to colledt the Rates and Duties aforefaid, and alfo to and for any Perfon or Perfons employed by him, her, or them, to enter into fuch Ship or Veftel, and admeafure the fame, in the Manner and according to the Diredtions of an Adt, pafted in the Twenty-fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Ad fer the further Increafe and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation.

XIII.	And be it further cnadted, That in cafe the Mafter or other Perfon having the Rule or Command of any Ship or other Veftel lying within the faid H irbour, or any other Perfon whatfoever, fhall obftrudt or hinder the Proprietor or Proprietors of the faid Harbour for the Time being, or the Perfon or Perfons appointed to colledt the Rates or Duties hereby made payaple, or any other Perfon employed or appointed by the Proprietor or Proprietors of the faid Harbour for the Time being, to admeafure Ships or Veffels in purfuance of this Adt, from entering on board fuch Ship or Veftel, or from taking the Admeafurement thereof, then and in every fuch Cafe every fuch Mafter or other Perfon fo offending, fhall for every fuch Offence toifeil and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, fuch Penalty to be in Addition to and over and above the faid Rates.

XIV. And

48* GEORGII III. Cap.47.

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe the faid Proprietor or Proprietors of the faid Harbour for the Time being fhail deem it expedient to borrow Money for the Purpofe of enabling him, her, or them, to carry on the Works aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhail and may be lawful to and for him, her, and them, and he, fhe, and they, is, are, and hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time, to borrow or take up at Intereft:, on the Credit of the Rates and Duties to be collected by virtue of this Aft, any Sum or Sums of Money which he, fhe, or they (hall deem neceffary, for cffeftuating the Purpofes of this Aft, and to affign the Property of the faid Harbour, Lands, and Buildings, and fuch Rates and Duties (the Cofls and Charges ot aligning the fame to be paid out of fuch Ra'es and Duties) as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money which fiiall be fo borrowed, with Inrereit, to fuch Perfon or Per-fons, or to his, her, or their Truftee or Truflees who fhail advance and lend the fame ; and all fuch Aflignments (hall be made and granted under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of the Proprietor or Proprietors of the faid Harbour for the Time being, and may be made in the Form or to the Effeft following ; (that is to fay),

4 T> Y virtue of an Aft of Parliament, made in the Forty-eighth Year of

*	the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [here infert the Title of

4 this Afl] I	in Confideration of the Sum of

‘	advanced and paid to me by	do	here*

*	by affign and make over unto the faid	his Executors, Admi-

*	niftrators, and Affigns, the aforefaid Harbour, and the Land andBuild-

*	ings belonging thereto, and all and fingular the Rates and Duties pay-« able to me by virtue of the faid Aft, and all my Right, Title, and ‘ Intereft of, in, and to the fame, to be holden by the faid

4 his Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns, until the faid Sura of 4	with the legal Intereft thereof, fhail be fully

4 fatisfied and paid. In witnefs whereof I have hereunto fet my Hand and 4 Seat the	Day	of	in	the Year of our

*	Lord

4 Signed ami fealed )

4 in the Prefence of J

And every fuch Alignment or Mortgage fhail be good, valid, and effectual, for fecuring the Repayment of the Money therein mentioned.

XV.	And be it further enafted. That in cafe Two or more fuch Affign-tnents or Mortgages (hall be made and executed to different Perfons, the Perfon or Ptrfons to whom the firfl fhail be made fhail have prior Right to the faid Harbour, Lands, Buildings, Rates, and Duties, and the reft of the faiJ Aflignees or Mortgagees, or Perfons, to whom fuch other Affign-ments fiiall be made, fhail have Preference and Priority in like Manner, according to the Dates of their refpeftive Aflignments; and the Claim and Right of Preference and Priority of any Aflignee or Mortgagee, (hall not be defeated by a fubfeqneht Aflignee or Mortgagee poffefling himfelf of a prior Alignment or Mortgage, lave and except as to the Money due upon fuch prior Aflignment or Mortgage.

843

Power to mortgage tie Harbour ard Duties.

In cafc of leveial

A flignments, Affgnees to clai-n in Suc-ceflion.

XVI. And

844

M rtjpgee* may tiaosier Myi tga&cs.

Notice to be *vven *«

M-! ( .''get* to recei c Money. ^

Power to

appoint

Ofiicci s.

Officers to account.

48? GEOR.Gil III, Gap.47.

.XVI. And be it f irther enaQed, That it (hall and may be lawful t° and for the Perfon or Perfons to whom any fuch Affignment or Aflign-rrents. Mortgage or Mortgages, fit gif, be made as aforefaid, and his, her, or their Executors, Adminiltrators, or Afiigns, to transfer his, her, or their Right orlutere/t therein, to any Perfon or PerfQns' by Writing under his, her, or their Hands and Seals; and fuch Transfers may be in the Form or to the filed following ; videlicet:

‘ T	of	in	Confideration of the Sum

' A of	paid	to me by	of

* do hereby transfer the Alignment or Mortgage made by ‘	to me, bearing Date the	Day	cf	of

‘ the Harbour of ;Troon, and the Kates, Duties, and Premifes fl erein con* *, tained, for fecuring the Sum of	and legal Intereft, due and

‘ to become due thereon ; and I alfoaffign and transfer all my Right and ‘ Property therein and to the faid Sum of	and	Intereft,	to

‘r.tite laid	his	Executors,	Adminillrarors,

and Alligns. In witnefs whereof I have hereunto fet my Hand and Seal ‘ the	Day	of	in	the	Year cf our

V Lord

XVII.	And be it further enaded, That in caffe the Proprietor or Proprietor of the faid Harbour for the Time being (hall be at any Time de-firous of paying off and difeharging any Sum or Sums of Money borrowed as aforelaid, he, fire, and they lliail and is and are hereby required and dired.d to canfe Six Calendar Months Notice in Writing, figned by him, her, or them, of fuch his, her, or their Intention, to be given to the Perfon or Perfons entitled to receive the fame, or left at h.s, her, or their ufual Place or Places of Abode, uplefs fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall confent to receive ihe fame without fuch Notice j and every Mortgagee or Allignee, his, her, or their Executors or Adminiftrators, who (hall require Payment of the principal,Sum or Sums ol Money due to him, her, or them, fltall give un o the Proprietor or Propri tors of the faid Harbour for the Time being dx Calendar Months Notice in Writing of the Day on which the fame fltall be required to be paid.

XV II. And be it further enaded, That it fltall and may be lawful to

and lor the Proprietor or Proprietors of the faid Harbour for the 1 ime being, and he, live, and they is and are hereby authorized and empowered, front Time to Tiijte, to nominate and appoint a Colledor or Receiver of the Rates and Duties by this Ad granted, and all’o a Clerk or Secretary, and fuch. etheri Officers, as he, (he, or they fltall judge neceflary to be employe! under him, her, or them, for carrying the fame into Execution, granting to them refpedively fuch Salaries, and takiug fuch Securities for the due Execution of their relpedive Offices, as to the Proprietor or Proprietors of the,(aid Harbour forjlhe lime being fltall feem right and proper \ and fuch CletJcIltall, in,,.a proper fiook or Bpoks to be provided for tint Purpofe, enter and keep a true and a perfed Account of all Ad$, Pn * ceedings, Tranladions, Matters, and Things, as fltall be done in purfu-ance of this Ad.	;	J.u't	,	ballet*)	tadinD ti ad haA .XX

■ XIX. And be it further enacted, That thq laid Colledory Clerk, and all other Officers or Servants appointed as aforefaid, flialfat inch Tirnej and as often as the Troprietoi7pr, proprietors of the laid H^rjxny;fqr the i	l"	Time

845

48'GEORGII III. Cap.tf.

Time being (hall direft, render to him, her, or them, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as he, (he, or they (hall appoint, true and perfedt Accounts in Writing of the Execution of their refpedtive Offices, and of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge refpedtively by virtue of this Adi, and alfo of all the Monies which (hall have been by them refpeftively received by virtue and for the Purpofes of this Aft, and how much thereof hath been paid and difburfed, and for what Purpofes, together with proper and legal Receipts or Vouchers for fuch Payments, and (hall pay all fuch Monies as (hall remain in their refpedtive Hands to the Proprietor or Proprietors of the faid Harbour for the Time being, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as he, fhe, or they (hall appoint; and if any fuch Officer or Servant (hall refufe or negledt to render fuch Account, or to produce fucli Receipts or Vouchers, or to make fuch Payment as aforefaid, or (hall not deliver to the Proprietor or Proprietors of the faid Harbour for the Time being, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as he, (he, or they (hall appoint, within Thirty Days after being thereunto required, all Books, Papers, and Writings, in his or their Cuftody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Adt, or of their refpedtive Offices, or Duplicates thereof, then and in every fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Proprie* tor or Proprietors of the faid Harbour for the Time being, or fuch Perfon or Perfons as he, (he, or they (hall appoint, to make Complaint thereof to any Juftice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein fuch Officer or Servant fo negledting or refufing (hall be or refide; and fuch Juf-ticeis hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to caufe fuch Officer or Servant to be brought before him, and upon his appearing or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter of fuch Complaint in a fummary Way; and if by the Confef-fionofthe Party, or by theTeftimony of any credible Witnefs or Wit-nelTes upon Oath (which Oath fuch Juftice is hereby empowered to ad-minifter) it (hall appear to fuch Juftice that any of the Monies which (hall have been collected and raifed by virtue of this Adi, (hall be in the Hands of or (hall be due from any fuch Officer or Servant, fuch Juftice may and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Nonpayment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand to caufe fuch Money to be levied by Dif-trefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Officer or Servant; and if fufficient Goods and Chattels to pay and fatisfy the faid Money, and the Charges of levying the fame, and of the Proceedings for Recovery thereof, cannot be found, or if it (hall appear to fuch Juftice that fuch Officer or Servant hath refufed or negledted to deliver up all fuch Books, Papers, and Writings as aforefaid, or Duplicates thereof, then and in every fuch Cale fuch Juftice (hall commit every fuch Offender to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correction for the County or Place where fuch Officer or Servant (hall be or refide, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprizc, until he (hall comply with the aforefaid Direftions, or make Satisfaction to the Proprietor or Proprietors of the faid Harbour for the Time being; but no fuch Officer ©r Servant, who (hall be fo committed for want of fufficient Goods or Chattels as aforefaid only, fhall be detained in Prifon by virtue ot fuch Warrant for a longer Term than Three Calendar Months.

XX. And be it further enafted. That it (hall and may be lawful to Bye Lawu and for the Proprietor or Proprietors ot the faid Harbour for the Time .being,from Time to Time, to make and frame, ordain and eftabiifh fuch Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as he, fhe, or they (hall think [Loc. & Per.]	10	E	fit.

8+6

Penalty on

(uttering

combuuible Matter to remain on tl Quayt.fcc.

48° GEORGIl III. Cap.47.

fit, for the good Government of the Clerks, Cclleftors, Officers, Affiflants, Servants, and others, appointed or employed under or by virtue of this Aft, and for the better regulating the faid Harbour, Wet Docks, Bafons, and other Works, all or any of them, and the mooring and ftationing of Ships and other Veflels therein ; and for the well governing, ordering, and managing of the Pilots to be employed for the faid Harbour, Officers, and Crews of fuch Ships and other Veflels, and the Boatmen, Servants, and others employed therein or belonging thereto, and for the Relief and Afliftance of the Ships and other Veflels reforting to, or feeking Shelter at or in the laid Harbour, Wet Docks, or Bafons, or any of them ; and alfo for the better regulating, governing, and managing the leveral Works, Matters and Things by this Aft authorized and direfted to be made, done, and conflrufted, as well whilft the fame are making, doing, andconftrufting, as after as they (hall befinifhed, and for the mere fafe and convenient (hipping, loading, landing, dif-charging, carrying, conveying, laying, ciepofiting, and removing of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, upon any of the Quays, Wha fs, or Landing Places belonging to the faid Harbour, Wet Docks, or Bafons, or any of them; and for the better governing and regulating Porters, Carters, and Carmen, and others carrying Goods, or ufing or driving Horfes, Waggons, Carts, Drays, Trucks, Sledges, or other Carriages for conveying Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, to and from the faid Quays, Wharfs, or Landing Places, and alfo to repeal, add to, amend, or alter fuch Bye Laws, Rules, Regulations, Orders, and Ordinances, or any of them j and to annex, impofe, and appoint reafonable pecuniary Penaites or Forfeitures, not exceeding Five Pounds (to be recovered in Manner herein-after mentioned) for the Non-obfervance, Non-performance, or other breach of or Offence againft any fuch Bye Law, Rule, Order, or Regulation, and alfo to make fuch other Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as ihallbe by him, her, or them thought neceflary or expedient for eftefting the Pur-pofes of this Aft, and the due Execution thereof; and all luch Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, and all luch Alterations thereof (hall be reduced into Writing, ; nd fubferibed by the Proprietor or Proprietors of the faid Harbour for the Time being, and Copies thereof, in legible Cha-rafters, (hall be printed and affixed on fome confpicuous Places or Buildings, in or adjoining the faid Harbour, Wet Docks, Bafons or Quays, for the Infpeftion and Information of all Perfons interefted therein, and all fuch Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations (hall thenceforth be binding upon, obferved, and obeyed by all Perfons whomfoever, tiling or in any Way concerned in the laid Harbour, or in any ot the Works to be made, erefted, or maintained by virtue of this Aft, and {hall be Efficient in any Court of Law or Equity to juftify all Perfons who (hall act under or in purfuance of the fame j provided that fuch Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, be not repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, or to any of the Claufes, Provifions, and Direftions in this Aft contained; and all fuch Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, (hall be fubjeft to Appeal in Manner herein direfted.

XXI.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe any Gunpowder, Tar, Pitch, Hemp, Flax, Wood, Spirituous Liquors, Turpentine, Hay, Straw, Tallow, or any other combuftible Things or Goods whatfoever, (hall be ' landed on any fuch Pier, Quay, or Wharf, or (hall be lying on the Deck

847

48* GEORGII III, Cap. 47,

of any Ship or other Veflel in the faid Harbour, Wet Docks, Bafons, of any of i hem, then and in every fuch Cafe fuch Gunpowder, Tar, Pitch* Hemp,Flax, Wood, Splriruous Liquors, Turpentine, Hay, Straw, Tallow, and other combuftible Goods and Things, {hall be removed and taken away within the Space of Twelve Hours, to be computed from the Time that Luch Ship or Veflel {hall come within rhe faid Harbour, Wet Docks, Bafons, or any of them ; and in Default thereof, the Mafter or Owner ot every fuch Ship or Veflel fhall forfeit and pay unto the Proprietor or Proprietors of the faid Harbour for the Time being. Ten Shillings per'Yon of fuch Gunpowder, Tar, Pitch, Hemp, Flax, Wood, Spirituous Liquors, Turpentine, Hay, Straw, Tallow, or other combuftibie Goods or Things, over and above the fevtral Rates and Duties to be paid by virtue of this Adi, lor every fucceeding Twelve Hours that the fame, or any of them, {hall fo remain, and fo in Proportjon for any greater or lefs Quantity than a Ton, fuch Sum and Sums of Money to be paid by the reipedive Owners or Perfons having Charge of fuch Gunpowder, Tar, Pitch, Hemp, Flax, Wood, Spirituous Liquors, Turpentine, Hay, Scraw, Tallow, or other fuch comhuliiblc Goods, or Things, and fuch Sum and Sums of Money fhall and may be letied and recovered by fuch Ways and Means as the feveral other Rates and Duties granted by this Ad can or may be levied or recovered,; and if any fuch Gunpowder, Tar, Pitch, Hemp, Flax, Wood, Spirituous Liquors, Turpentine, Hay, Straw, Tallow, or other fuch com-buftible Goods or '1Tings, cannot ba removed and taken away as afore-faid, before Suiifet, then and in every fuch Cafe the Owner or Owners, or Perfuns having Charge of fuch combuttible Goods and Things, {hall be obliged to let and maintain, at his or their own Exper.ce, a fufficient Number of careful fober Perfons to guard and watch over the fame fuch and fo many Hours, according to the Seafon of the Year, as the Proprietor or Proprietors of the faid Harbour for the Time being {hall order and dired ; and in cafe the Owner or 0*ners, or Perfons having Charge of fuch com-buflible Goods and Tilings, or the Mailer or Matters of any Ship or other Veflel, fhall make Default therein, every fuch Owner or Owners, Matter or Matters, or other Perfon or Perfons, {hall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence, Negled, or Refufal, any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and in addition thereto {hall alfo pay all Damages occafioned bjr fuch his or their Default.

XXII.	And be it further enadeJ, That if any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Commodities, or other Matters or Things whatfoever, fhall lie or remain upon any Whaif or Wharfs, Quay or Quays, Warehoufe or Warehoufes, belonging to the fa:d Harbour, for above the Space of Twenty-four Hours, then and in fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Proprietor or Proprietors-of the faid Harbour for the Time being, or fuch Perfon cr Perfons as he, {he, or they fhall appoint, to demand and take fuch reafonablc Rates or Allowances, over and above the Rates and Duties herein-before authorized to be taken, as fhall be agreed upon between fuch Proprietor or Proprietors, or other Perfon or Perfuns as afortfaid, and the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Things.

XXIII.	And be it further enabled. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Proprietor or Proprietors of the laid Harbour for the Time b.ing, to lower or reduce all or any of the laid Rates and Duties, and

again

Fulther Allowances for Goods remaining upon Wharfs beyond a cei ta n Time.

Rites may be alleied.

848

Power t# regulate Vefftlt lying within the Harbour.

ShiM in Diftrefi M hare a Preference.

To prereat

throwing

Ballalt into the Haibour.

48” GEORG 11 III. Cap. 47-

again to ralfe the fame, to fuch Sum or Sums of Money as he, (he, or they lhall think proper, not exceeding the Sums before-mentioned, as often as it (hall be deemed necefi'ary for the Intereft of the faid Undertaking.

XXIV.	And, for the more orderly Government of the faid Harbour, Wet Docks, and Bafons, and for the better preferving the fame, and the Works to be made there by virtue of this Aft, from Prejudice or Damage, as well as for the Accommodation of Ships or Veffels coming into or going out of the laid Harbour, Wet Docks, or Bafons ; be it further enafted. That it lhall and may be lawful to and for the Proprietor or Proprietors of the faid Harbour, for the Time being, and he, Ihe, and they is and are hereby authorized and empowered to nominate and appoint fuch Perfon as he, lhe, or they (hall think proper, to be a Harbour Mailer, with fuch Annual Allowance or Salary, payable as he, lhe. or they lhall think fit; and fuch Harbour Mailer (hall from Time to Time order and require all and every Perfon having the Rule or Command of any Ship or other Veffel entering into, lying, being, or abiding within the faid Harbour, Wet Docks, Bafons, or any of them, to lie, anchor, moor, and ballalt fuch Ship or Vefiel, in fuch proper Place or Places within the fame as fuch Harbour Mafler lhall affign or direft for thofe Purpofes (having due Regard that to the belt of his Skill and Knowledge, fuch Ship or other Velfel lhall be ordered to lie, anchor, moor, or ballad in a Place of Safety) ; and in cafe the Perfon or Perfons having the Rule or Command of any fuch Ship or other Velfel (hall refufe or negleft to obey the Orders fo given, every Perfon fo offending, for every fuch Re-fufal or Negleft, (nail forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXV.	And be it further enafted, That if any Ship or Veffel lhall come into the faid Harbour or Wet Docks, Bafons, or any of them, in Didrefs or meet with any Misfortune in the faid Harbour or Wet Docks, Bafons, or any of them, then and in every fuch Cafe it lhall and may be lawlul to and for the Proprietor or Proprietors of the faid Harbour for the Time being, or fuch Harbour Mader, upon Application made to him, her, or them by the Mader, Commander, or Owner of fuch Ship or Veffel, to give a Preference to fuch Ship or Veffel being in fuch Didrefs as afore-faid, both as to the Birth at the Piers or Quays, and as to the Courfe of difcharging, to any other Ship or Veffel in the faid Harbour, Wet Docks, or Bafons; and that if any Mader or Commander of any Ship or Veffel lying in the faid Harbour, Wet Docks, or Bafons, or any of them, who mall refufe or negleft to remove his or their Ship or Veffel from its Birth, on being thereunto required by the Proprietor or Proprietors of the faid Harbour for the Time being, or fuch Harbour Mailer, in favour of fuch Ship or Veffel in Didrefs as aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe every fuch Mader or Commander fo refufing or neglefting lhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted. That if any Perfon or Perfons diall throw or empty any Ballad, Dud, Allies, or Rubbilh, Shingle, Stones, or other Things, into the faid Harbour or into the Entrance thereto, or the faid Docks or Bafons, or the Entrances thereto, or lhall dig or take away or remove any Ballad, Shingle, Stones, or other Things therefrom,

7	to

849

48'GEORGII III. Cap. 47. .

to toe Hurt and Prejudice of the faid Harbour, Wet Docks, or Batons, or of any of the Works connected therewith, then and in every fuch Cafe every fuch Perlon fo offending fhall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, over and above all the Cofts, Charges, and Expences of raking up and removing all fuch Ballad, Dud, Allies, Rubbifh, Shingle, Stones, and other Things, and of repairing the Damage occafioned by the digging or taking awiy or removing fuch Ballad, Shingle, Stones, or other Things ; and fuch Cods and Charges fliall and may be recovered and levied by luch Ways and Means as any Penalty or Forfeiture can or may be recovered and levied by virtue oi this A6t.

XXVil. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall have Occalion to throw or cad out any Ballad from or out of any Ship or other Veffel upon any Quay, Pier, or Bread, in or belonging to the/aid Harliour, Wet Docks, or Batons, and fhall not immediately cart and carry away, or caufe the fame to be carted and carried away to fuch Place or Places as the Proprietor or Proprietors of the laid Harbour for the Time being, or Perfon or Perfons acting by or under his, her, or their Authority, fhall provide and appoint for the depofiting fuc.h Ballad, then and in every luch Cafe every fuch Perfon fo offending fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, ovrr and above all the Cods, Charges, and Expences of removing and carrying away fuch Ballad ; and all fuch Cods, Charges, and Expences, fhall and may be recovered by fuch Ways and Means as any Penalty or Forfeiture can or may be recovered or levied by virtue of this A£t.

XXVIII. And be it further enadted. That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall pack or caufe to be packed upon any of the Piers, Quavs, or Breads of the faid Harbour, Docks, or Batons, any Herrings or other Fi(h, fuch Perfon or Perfons fo offending fhall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every fuch Offence.

XXIX.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons fhall wilfully or malicioufly cur, break, or in any Manner dedroy any Rope or other Thing by which any Ship, Boat, or other Veffel, lying in the faid Harbour, Docks, or Batons, fhall be moored orfadened, luch Perfon or Perfons fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, befides paying the Damages thereby occafioned.

XXX.	And be it further enafled. That all and every Perfon and Perfons whomfoever, who lhall at any Time or Times hereafter wilfully or defignedly demolilb, break down, dellroy, or let on Fire the faid Wet Docks Piers, Quays, Wharfs, or any of them, or any the Works which fhall be conib utted in, or which fhall belong to the faid Harbour, or fhall wilfully do anv Damage to any of the Shipping or Goods within the lame, or dull w lfully or defignedly extinguilh or put Out any of the Lights uied in or belonging to the faid Harbour, for the Safety or Pro-tetlion or the Ships or other Veffels reforting to .the fame, fhall be deemed guilty of Felony, and the CoufJ^by and before whom fuch Perfon or Perfons fhali be tried and convicted, lhail have Power and Authority to caufe fuch Perfon or Perfonseto be tranfported for the Term

[Loc. y Per.~\	1 of"	of

Ballad to be removed f. om off the Quay*.

To pi event Filh from being packed on the C^uayi

Penalty for dettroying Ropes of Vends,

Perfons deploying the Works, to be deemed guilty of Felony.

nSo	4.80	GEORGII III. Cap.47.

of Seven Years, or in Mitigation of Punifhment may award Sentence of Fine or Imprisonment, at the Difcretion of the Jud^e or Judges before whom fuch Offender or Offenders fhall be tried and ccn-Vifted.

cuunfabU^or XXXI. And be it further enabled. That the Mafter or Owner of, or Oa.nages	the Per on or Perfons having the Charge or Command of every Boat,

Banner	^arKe’ Ship, or VelTtl, lying or being within the faid Harbour, fhall

’	‘	be, and he, fhe, and they is and are hereby made anfwerable for any

Trefpafs, Damage, Spoil, or Mifchief. that fhall be done by fuch Boar, Barge, Ship, or other Velfel, or by any of the Boatmen, Bargemen, Watermen, or Seamen, or other Perfon or Perfons belonging to or employed in or about the fame refpeftively, to any of the Wharfs, Piers, or ether Works, maintained or repaired by virtue of this Aft, either by the loading or unloading of any Boat, Barge, Sh’p, or other Vefftl, or by any other Means whatfoever ; and the Mafter or Owner of every fuch Boar, Barge, Ship, or other Veffel, fhall for every fuch Trefpafs, Damage, Spoil, or Mifchief, upon Conviftion of any fuch his, her, or their Boatman, Bargeman, Waterman, Seaman, or other Perfon or Perfons, before any Juftice of the Peace for the faid County of Ayr, on the Oath of any credible W'itnefs or Witneffes (which Oath fuch Juftfie is hereby authorized and required to adminifter) or on the Confeffion of the Party or Parties offending, forfeit and pay to the Party or Parties injured, fuch Damages, Satisfaction, and Compenfatiin, as fhail be afeertained, fixed, and determined by fuch Juflice, provided that no fuch Damages, Satisfaction, or Compenfation, fhall exceed the Sum of 1 en Pounds, and fhall alfo forfeit and pay to the Informer or Informers any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be fettled and determined by fuch Juftice ; but in cate fuch Damages fhall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds, then and in fuch Cafe the faid Mafter or Owner of fuch Boat, Barge, Ship, or other Veffel, may be fued and profecuted for futh Damages, Satisfaftion, and Compenfation. in the Court of Seflion, if the Defendant fhall refide in Scotland, or in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at IVeJlminJler if the Defendant fhall refide in England-, and if a Verdift or Judgment fhall be given againft him or her, either on Proof made, or by Default, or upon Demurrer, the Piaintift' in every fuch Cafe fhail recover the Damages thereby iuitained, with full Colts of Suit.

M'Iters to	XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That fuch Boatmen,

»oitmenr m Bargemen, Watermen, Seamen, and other Perfon or Perfons, and each and every of them, fhall be liable to repay fuch Damages, Satisfaftion, and Compenfation and Penalty, fo alcertained, fixfcd, and determined by fuch Juftice, with the Cofts of levying and recovering thereof, to luch Mafter or Matters, Owner or Owners ; and in cafe of Non-payment thereof upon Demand, and Oath made by fuch Mafter or Mailers, Owner or Owners, of the Payment made by him, her, or them, of fuch Damages, Satisfaction, and Compenfation or Penalty, and that the fame, and the Cofts thereof, have or hath not been repaid to him, her, or them by fuch Bargemen, Boatmen, Watermen, or Seamen, or any of them, although demanded (fuch Oath to be made before any one of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace) the Amount thereof fhall be recovered in like Manner as any Penalty is hereby direfted to be levied and 5	recovered.

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.	851

recovered, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Juflice or Jultices.

XXXIII.	And be it further enafted, That all Fines, Penalties, and r n?«an<t, Forfeitures, impofed or inflifted by this Aft, or which fhall be impofed ^ or inflicted by any Rule, Order, or Bye Law, to be made in purfuance r< ov.itd and thereof (the manner of levying and Recovery whereof is noc particularly app'-ed-herein directed) (hall, in cafe of Nonpayment thereof, on Conviction of the Offender or Offenders refpectively, be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the G iods and Chattels of the Ofender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand of any Juflice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place wherein the Offence fhall be committed, or the Offender fhall be or refide, which Warrant furh Juflice is hereby empowered and required to iffue, upon the Confefli.m of the Party or Parties, or upon the Evidence of credible Witneffes upon Oath (which Oath luch Juflice is hereby empowered and required to adminifler) or upon fuch Proof as fliall be competent by the Law of Scotland, and all Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties (the Application whereof is not herein particularly directed, fhall be paid, one Moietv thereof to the Propr etor or Proprietors of the faid Harbour for the Time being, and the other Moiety thereof to the Inlormer or Informers who fhall fue for and recover the fame; and the Overplus of the Money (if any) arifing by fuch Diftrefs and Sale, after deducting fuch Fines,

Penalties, and Forfritu es, and the Fxpences of fuch Difir. fs and Sale, fhall be rendered to 'he Owner of the Goods and Chattels fo diflrained ; and for Want of fufficient Difbefs, and in cafe the Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture fliall not be forthwith paid, it fhall be lawful for fuch Juflice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit fuch Offender to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correction, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unlefs fuch F ne. Penalty, and Forfeiture, and all reafonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, fhall be fooner paid and fatisfied.

XXXIV.	And be it further enafted. That in all Cafes where any Formof Conviction fhall be had for liny Offence or Offences committed againfl Conviction this Aft, or againfl any Bye L.aw, Rule, Order, or Regulation, made in purfuance of this Act, the Form of Conviftion fhall be in the Words, or to theEffcft following ; (that is to fay),

Day of Reign of

T?E it remembered, That on this in the	Year	of	the

A. B. is convifted before	of His Majefly’s

Juftices of the Peace for the	o' having

[fpeefyir^ the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where c-mmitied, n the Caje Jhall be~] contrary to an Aft of Parliament, paffed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled,

[hire Jet ffrth the Title of the Apf\ and I [or, we] the faid Juflice [or,

Jufliees] do a..judge him, [her, or, themj to forfeit and pay tor the fame the Sum ot	Given under my

Hand [or, our Hands] the Day and Year aforefaid.’

XXXV.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe any Difpute, Suit, or _ s mj Ligitation, fhall arife touching or in anywile relating to the faid Rates glv-c"li™*y

qj Ucncc*

85 2

Diftr?f> not to >e deemed unlawful for want of Form.

Perfons giving talfe Evidence, m > be in* dieted for Perjury.

Proceeding* not to be quafhed for want of Form.

Appeal.

48° GEORGII III. Cap.47.

or Duties?, or any of them, no Perfon or Perfons acting by or.under the Authority of the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Paid Harbour for the Time being, in collecting the laid Ra’es and Duties or any of them, fhall be difqualified from giving Evidence in any fuch Dil'pute, Suit, or Litigation. by reafon of his, her, or their being appointed to collect fuch Rates or Duties.

XXXVI.	And be it further enacted, That where any Diftrefs fhall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Aft the Diftrefs itl'elf fhall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the lame be deemed a Tefpafler or Trefpaflers, on account of any DefeCt in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Diftrefs, or other Warrant or Proceedings relating thereto, nor fhall the Party or Parties dif-training be deemed a Trefpafter or Treipaffers, ab initio, on account of any Irregu arity by him or them done or committed after fuch Diftrefs made or taken, but the Perfon or Perfons aggrieved by luch Irregularity fhall and may reeover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action or Suit brought for that Purpofe.

XXXVII.	And be it further enaCted, That if any Perfon or Perfons fliall on his, her, or their Examination on Oath before any Juflice or Jultices, wilfully and corruptly .give falfe Evidence, fuch Perfon and Per fons fo offending, and being thereof duly convicted, fhall be and is and are hereby declared to be fubjeCt and liable to fuch Pains a* d Penalties as by any Law in force and effcCt Perfons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are fubjeCt and liable to.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enaCted, That no Order, VerdiCt. Judgment, or other Proceeding, touching or concerning any of the Matters aforefaid, or touching or concerning the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders againft this ACt, Hull be qualhed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed or removeable by Advocation, Sufpenfion, or by any other Proccfs whatfoever, to the Court of Seffion ; any Law or Statute thereof to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXIX.	Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall think himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved by any Order or Judgment made or given in purfuance of any Rule, Order, or Bye Law made in purfuance of this ACt, or by any other Matter or Thing done in purfuance of this ACt, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch Perfon or Peifons to appeal to the Jultices of the Peace at any General Quarter Seftions of the Peace to be holden for the County or Place where the Caufe of Complaint fliall have arifen, within Six Calendar Months next after fuch Caufe of Complaint (hall have arifen, fuch Appellant or Appellants firft giving or caufing to be given Thirty Days Notice at the leaft in Writing, of his, her, or their Intention to bring fuch Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, unto the Perlon or Perfons appealed againft, aind within Ten Days after fuch Notice entering into a Recognizance or Bond of Caution before fome Juftice of the Peace for the faid County, with two fufficient Sureties conditioned to try fuch Appeal at, and abide the Order of, and to pay fuch Colls, as fhall be awarded by the Jultices at fuch Seftions; and upon due Proof of fuch Notice being given as aforefaid, and of the entering into luch Recognizance or

Bond

48® GEORGII III. Cup.ifl,	853

Bond, (hall hear and determine the Caufe and Matter of loch Appeal, and may order any Money ro be returned as may have been levied in pursuance of any fuch Rule, Order, or Bye Law, and award fuch Colts to the Party appealing or appealed againft:, and may alfo award fucfv further .Sathfaftion to the Party injured, as they (hall think proper ; and the Determination of the Juftices at fuch Quarter Seflions (hall be final, binding, and eonclu-five to all Parties.	1	n

- ^	'•	1	■•'9	-iii	..	■	yd	v

XL. And be it further enafted, That no Action or Suit (hall be Limitation of commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing done by virtue Action., or in purfuance of this Aft, until Thirty Days Notice in Writing of an Intention to commence fuch Aftion, fpecifying the Caufe thereof, (hall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, or his or their known Agent, nor after a fufficient Satisfaftion or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Three Calendar Months next after the Faci committed; and every fuch Aftion to be had in England, (hall be brought in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlm'mjler, and (hall be laid in the County of Middlefex, and not elfewhere ; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Aftion or Suit (ball and may plead the General Iffue, and give this Aft and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial fo had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the Authority of this Aft; and if the fame (hall appear fo to be done, or if fuch Aftion or Suit (hall be brought after the Time herein-before limited for bringing the fame, or (hall be brought without Thirty Days Notice thereof, or (hall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforefaid, or after a fufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe the Jury (hall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and in all Cafes where a VerciiCt (hall be found for the Defendant or Defendants in any fuch Action orSuit,or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall be nonlhited, or fuller a Dilcontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Action^, Suit or Suits, or if upon Demurrer Judgement (hall be given againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every fuch Cafe the Defendant or Defe dants (hall have Treble Cofts, and (hall have fuch Remedy for recovering the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Cofts of Suit in any other Cafes of Law; and ev ery fuch Action to be had in Scotland (hall be brought before the Court of Seffion in Scotland, and the Defender or Defenders in fuch Action or Suit ffrall and may deny the Libel, and plead that the lame w ms done in purfuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the fame (hall appear fo to be done, or if fuch Action and Suit fhJl be brought after the Time herein-before limited for bringing the fame, or (hall be brought without ! hirty Days Noticethere-of, or after a fufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforefaid, in every fuch Cafe the Defenderor Defenders (hall be affoilzied; or if the Action (hall be found irrelevant, or otherwife difmiffed, or the Purfuer (hall not profecute the Action, or fuffer the fame to fall afleep, or if Judgement (hall be given againft the Purfuer or Purfuers, the Defender or Defenders (hall have Treble Cofts, and (hall have fuch Remedy for recovering the fame as any Defender or Defenders hath or have for Cofts of Suit in any other Cafes of Law.

(tiff

XLI. Saving always, and referving to all and every Perfon and Saving Rights Perfons whomfoever, all fuch Right, Title, Eftate, and Intereft whatfoever, as they and every or any of them had and enjoyed before the palling of this Aft, of, in, to, or out of any of the [Lee. & Per.J	xoG	Lands

$54

Public Act.]

4-8* GEORGII III. Cap.47.

Lands and Grounds within the Limits of the faid Harbour, which they or any of therti could or might have had or enjoyed in cafe this Aft had not been made ; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XLII. And be it further enafted, That this Aft fliall be deemed and taken to be a Public Aft, and lhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

I'

SCHEDULE

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 47;

SCHEDULE to which this ACT refers.

A SCHEDULE or TABLE of RATES.

For every Boll of Wheat, Rye, Barley, Bear, or Bigg, Malt, Oats, Peafe, Beans, Tares, and Rye Grafs Seeds For every Ton of Wheat Flour -	-	-

For every Boll of Oatmeal, weighing 140 Pounds Avoirdupois .......	.

For every Boll of Bear or Barley Meal, weighing 156 Pounds Avoirdupois -	--	--	...

For every Hundred Weight of Pot or Pearl Barley For every Hundred Weight of Split Peafe ... For every Hundied Weight of Rice

For every Hundred Weight of Bifcuit .... For every Barrel of Salted Beef, Pork, or other Provifions For every Half Barrel of Ditto -	-

For every Pipe, Puncheon, or Piece of Wine or Spirits And fo in Proportion for every larger or fmaller Calk of Ditto

For every Hoglhead of Ale, Beer, or Porter

And fo in Proportion for every larger or fmaller Calk of Ditto.

For every folid Hoglhead of Raw Sugar ... For every Hoglhead or Package of Loaf or Lump Sugar, per Hundred Weight -For every Barrel wet or dry -	-	-	-	-

For every Half Barrel wet or dry -For every fmaller Barrel (of whatever Denomination) wet or dry ...	....

For every Vac packed with Goods -----

For every Sugar Hoglhead packed with Goods

For every fmaller Calk packed with Ditto ...

Tallow, per Hundred Weight -

For every Bale or Trufs of Goods, per Banel Bulk

For every Pack of Wool, Yarn or Cotton, per Hundred

Weight.................................................

For every Matt or Bale of dreffed Flax, per Hundred Weight	-	- -	....

For every Matt or Bale of undreffed Flax, per Hundred Weight	-

For every Matt or Bale of Tow, per Ditto ...

9

s.

d.

©	1

2 o

o o^.

o o| o 2 o 2 o 3 o 4

Q 4 O 2’r 2 O

o 8

I 4

o 4 o 4

O 2±

0	2

1	8

i 6

o 8

0 3

o i-i

s 6

o 9

0 3

o 4

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

For every Hundred Weight of Iron wrought For every Hundred Weight of Iron unwrought Linen Yarn, per Hundred Weight Shells ol Filh, per Barrel	...

Coach or Cart Wheels, per Pair	-	-

Live Cattle, for each Horfe, Cow, or Ox For every Hundred Weight of Copper and Brafs wrought For every Hundred Weight of Ditto unwrought For every Hundred Weight of Pewter wrought For every Hundred Weight of Lead For every Hundred Weight of Old Pewter For every Ton of Scots Coals	...

For every Ton of Englilh Coals For every Ton of Duty paid Salt For every Ton of Salt for the Filhery, Duty free For every Hundred Weight of dried Cod, Ling, or Hake For every Barrel of wet Cod	...

For every Half Barrel of Ditto	...

For every Barrel of White or Red Herrings For every Half Barrel of Ditto ...

And fo for fmaller Calks in Proportion.

For every Batrel of Lime Shells, the Barrel containing 32 Gallons Englilh Wine Meafure For every Boll of flacked Lime, Ditto Meafure For every Barrel of Salmon	...

For every Half Barrel of Ditto	-

For every Kitt of Ditto	-

For every One Hundred Balks or Fir Quarters (of 120) Five Inches Square, and under Eight Inches Square, or of 24 Feet in length or upwards ...

For every One Hundred Ditto under Five Inches Square, under Twenty-four Feet, and not under Fifteen Feet in length	....	-

For every One Hundred ditto under Fifteen Feet in length -For everyOne Hundred Battens Eight Feet in length, and not exceeding Twenty Feet in length For every One Hundred Ditto exceeding Twenty Feet in length	-	-

For every One Hundred Batten Ends under Eight Feet in length	-	-

For every Load of hard Wood containing 50 Solid Feet For every Hundred Deals exceeding Twenty Feet in length, and exceeding Four Inches in thicknefs For every Hundred Ditto, not exceeding Four Inches in thicknefs	-	.	-

For every Hundred Ditto beifi^ Eight Feet, and not exceeding 20 Feet in length, and exceeding Three Inches One Quarter in thicknels	-

s.	d
0	2
0	1
0	9
0	ol
0	6
0	6
I	0
0	4
0	4
0	2
0	2
0	4
6	6
1	8
0	5
0	1
<s	2
0	H
0	2
0	
0	1
0	°i
0	6
0	4
0	1
>5	O
7	6
5	0
2	0
3	0
1	0
1	6
4	6
3	6
2	0

48* GEO&GII III. Cap.47.

*57

For every Hundred Ditto not exceeding Three Inches One Quarter in thieknefs, and above Two Inches For every Hundred Deals tlot exceeding Two Inches in thick-nefs	....

For everyHundred Deal Finds being under 8 Feet, and exceeding 3 Inches One Quarter in thieknefs For every Hundred Ditto, Ditto, not exceeding 3 Inches One Quarter in thieknefs	-	-

For every Load of Fifty Cubic Feet of Fir Timber, Eight Inches Square and upwards	-	-

For every Hundred TIandfpikes under Seven Feet in length For every Hundred Ditto Seven Feet in length dr upwards For every Hundred Oak Knees under Five Inches Square -For every Hundred Ditto Five Inches Square, and under Eight Inches Square	-	-	-

For every Fathom of Lathwoqd	-	-

For every Mall Six inches in Diameter, add under Eight Inches -	-	-	-	-

For every Mall Eight Inches in Diameter, and under Twelve Inches -	-	-

For every Mad Twelve Inches in Diameter or upwards For eVery Load containing Fifty Cubic Feet of Oak Plank, Two Inches thick or upwards	-	-	-

For fcVery Load of Oak Timber Eight Inches Square or upwards ...	.	-

For every Hundred Oars	...

For every Hundred Spars under Twenty-two Feet in length, and under Four Inches in Diameter Dor every Hundred Ditto Twenty-two Feet in length, or upWards, and under Four Inches in Diapieter Fbr every Hundred Spars Four Inches in Diameter, and under SiX Inches	-	-	-	-	_

For eVtry Hundred Spars Six Inches in Diameter or upwards For every Hundred Spokes fot Wheels nbt exceeding Two Feet in length	-	-	-

For every Hundred Ditto exceeding Two Feet in length For every Hundred Birch Bails	...

For 6very Hundred Fir Crops	...

For fevery Hundred Staves not exceeding Three Feet in length, nor above Three Inches in thieknefs -F6r every Hundred Ditto above Three Feet, and not exceeding Fifty Inches in length	-	-

F6r every Hundred Ditto above Fifty Inches, and not exceeding Sixty Inches in length	-	-

For every Hundred Ditto above Sixty Inches, and not exceeding Seventy-two Inches in length	-

For every Hundred Ditto above Seventy-two Inches in length, and not above Three Inches in thieknefs £Z4r. & Per.7]	to H

X.	J.
1	8
I	0
2	0
I	6
I	0
O	8
I	0
O	8
I	0
I	0
O	9
I	0
1	6
2	0
I	8
X	3
I	6
2	0
2	6
3	6
0	2
0	3
2	6
1	6
0	Ir
0	2
0	4
0	6
0	9

858

48° GEOR.GII III. Cap. 47.

For every Load of Wainfcot Log, Eight Inches Square or upwards	-	-

For every Ton of Oak, Birch, or other Bark For every Bundle of Wood Hoops, containing One Hundred and Twenty	-	-

And fo in Proportion.

For every Miin Stone	•	-	-

For every Grindftone	-	-

For every Thoufand Bricks

For every Thoufand Tiles	-	-	-

For every Thoufand Sl.tes	-	*

For every One Hundred Feet of drefTtd Freeftone fuperfkial Meafure	*

For every Ton of Rough Freeftone For every Ton of Marble	-

For every Ton of Whin or Ruble Stone	-	-

For every One Hundred Feet of Flat Paving Stones or Flags, fuperfkial Meafure	....

For every Trunk, Cheft, or Box, a Barrel Bulk For every Small Bundle or Parcel	-	-

For every Bag of Hops	-	-

For every Pocket of Hops	-

For every Hundred Weight of Butter '

For every Hundred Weight of Cheefe For every Barrel of Train or FifhOil

And fo in Proportion for every greater or fnialler Calk of Ditto.

For every Barrel of Pitch or Tar	-	.

For every Bulhel of Apples or Pears

For every Bufhel of Onions	...

For every Cheft of Lemons or Oranges

For every Boll of Potatoes	-	-	.

For every Hundred Weight of Hemp drefTed For every Hundred Weight Ditto undreffed For every Hundred Weight of Cordage For every Ton of Kelp-_	-

Fcr every Hundred Weight of Pot, Pearl, or Wood Allies -For every Ox, Cow, or Horfe Hide, raw For Ditto tanned, per Barrel	-

For Goat, Calf, Sheep, or Lamb Skins, per Barrel Bulk For every Ton of Plaifter Hair	-

For every Thoufand Nolt Horns -	-

For every Bag of Feathersof Fifty-fix Pounds And fo in Proportion.

For every Crate of Glal's Ware, per Barrel Bulk

For every Crate of Earthenware, large

For -	-	Ditto - fmall -	-

For every Range or Grate, large	-

For - Ditto -	-	fmall

/.	d.
2	0
I	t>
O	1
2	6
O	1
1	0
I	6
O	8
I	6
O	3
4	0
0	1
0	6
0	6
0	1
1	0
0	8
0	4
0	3
0	4
	
0	4
0	I
0	1
0	6
0	1
0	4
0	2
0	4
I	0
0	2
0	°r
0	4
0	4
1	0
1	0
0	6
0	4
0	6
0	3
0	6
0	3

4S9 G E O R G11 III. Cap. 47.

859

Barrel Bulk

■% :	'.it ufit Sudan1	■ ' -	'

For every Cheft of Drawers, double "1 For every - Ditto - Angle j ’

For every Mahogany or other Chair For every* Dining Table, per Barrel Bulk For every Billiard Table For every Card or Pembroke Table")

For every other Table -	-|

For every Bedltead -	•	-I

For every Sopha -	-	-	(^

For every Harpfichord -	-	|

For every Spinet or Pianoforte	- J

For every Grofs of empty Bottles, in Bulk

For Wine in Bottles, per dozen	-	-

For every empty Hoglhead ------

For every empty Barrel -------

And fo in Proportion for every larger or fmaller Calk.

For Lumber, and every other Article not before fpecified in this Table, at the Rate of One Penny Halfpenny for every Shilling Freight, and in that Proportion.





1 to'>] *

6

1

1

,1 ,, n'l 1:1

LONDON: Printed by George Etre and Andrew Strakan, Printers to the King’s moll Excellent Majefty. 1808.

o

tr-t*





, U .	■	•	v	"	■	A

>

-	A	-

■

Lifci	vV-	--	..	f	iJ ’-%

,«"T va\, va yTf<. /,.•■■:	.	,	' s:

in .	voiqr.	I	?->,

lo	tsv	\	«.	-,;n

j P j^^v'-Aiv 1) ^ }

V '

rlj ifw ,nsT utt -jj(- £u.JP

■

■

: ......

,

0»	•	"	'	.	,.	...	...	.	J

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

***»**»»*#■•**■*****•*■♦*■ •**«-**■♦*******•*■*« *#»***#***» *•*■**•*

Cap. 48.

An Adt for making a Navigable Cut from the Eaft Side of the River Tees, near Stockton, into the faid River near Portrack, in the County of Durham; and making various other Improvements in the Navigation of the faid River between the Town of Stockton and the Sea.	[27	th May 1808.]

WHEREAS the Borough or Town of Stockton, in the County of Durham, is ft u ue upon the River Tees, which River is capable of being rendered much more commodious than at prefent for the Pufpofes of Trade, both foreign and domeftic, by making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal acrofs a certain Iflhmus or Neck of Land, fituate in the Parifh or and within fhe't).fiance of Five Furlongs from the Town of Stockton aforefaid, by Means whereof the Coutle of the faid River will be confidcrably’fhirtentd, and a certain Bend or Winding in the pr< f nt Channel of the faid River, lying between Stockton aft'relaid and Portrack in the faid County, ancr extending Two Miles and a Half in Length or thereabouts, and of very difficult and dangerous Navigation, will be cur off and rtndered unneccfT.iry far Ships or VcfTels trading to and from the Port of Stockton aforefaid ; and the fatd River i- alf) ctpable if much further Improvement by fedurmg, cleaning, deepening, and otherwife improving fuch Part Or Parts thereof as herein-aftrr mentioned, and eftablilhing certain nectffary Regulations [Lw. &Per.~\	10	/	concerning

4.8* GEORG 11 III. Cap. 48.

concerning the Trade and Navigation thereof, all which Me.ris will conduce to the Benefit and Advantage of the Port and Town of Stvkton aforefaid, and >9 the Extenfion and Increafc of the Trade, Navigation, and Commerce of the United Kingdom; and forafmuch as a very con-fiderablc Expence will be incurred in making and maintaining the faid Navigable Cot or Canal, and in deepening, widening, clean frig, or otherwife improving fuch Part or Parts of the laid River Tees as hertin-after mentioned, and in preftrving the fame when fo improved, and in carrj ing into Execution the feveral Powers or Authorities neceffary for completely effc&uating the faid propafed Alterations and Improvements or connected therewith ; and as great Inconvenience, Delay, and Damage which Ships and Veflels now navigating the faid River are expofed to for Want of fuch Alterations and Improvements will be thereby removed ; it is realonable that the Sums neceffary to defray fuch Expence Ih mid be paid by the Owners and Mailers of Ships and Vcffels trading to and from the faid River Tees : And whereas the feveral Purpofcs aforefaid cannot beeff cled with ut the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it therefore pleafe your M .jpfly, That it may be ena&ed ; and be it enadled by the King's mull Excellent Majelly, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament alfembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That Wat fan Alcock, James Alkin'on, John Atkinfon, Jonathan Backhcufe, Thomas Binks, Robert Bote her by, John Barker, the Executors of Anthony Bofomworth deceafed, James Crowe, Robert Chrijlopher, Matthew Crowe, John Christopher,‘Thenas Christopher, George Coates, Ann Eeles, Thomas Farmer, Thomas FII, Christopher Fowler, Benjamin Flounders, Thomas Fawell, George Gib-Jon, William Gent, Mary Gregory, Thomas Hubback, Thomas yennett, John Janfan the younger, James Johnfon, John Lodge, Harrington Lee, Thomas Meynell, Richard Miles, Jhn Pr after, Meflieurs Pro ft or and Bentham, Michael Peafe, Edward Peafe, Franch Richardfon R.chmond, Jojhua Reeve, Sir Martin Stapylton Baronet, Henry Stapy/ton, George Snowdon, John Stagg, William Sharpe, IJiiqc Step/jcnfon,' William Stamper, Richard Stonchoufe, Cuthbert Sharpe, Timothy Sparke, Edward TcJbunter, James Taylor, Bright Wajs, William JVetherell, Matthew Wadefon, and the feveral and refpedlive Executors, Adminiftrators and Aifigns of the Perfon and Perfons herein-before named, and all'o fuch other Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, as fbail at any Time hereafter be pofieffed of One or more Share or Shares in the faid Navigation and Undertaking, and the feveral and refpe&ive Executors, Adminiftrators, Succefforj, and Affigns of fuch Perfon or Perfons, Body orBodiesPolitic, Corporate or Collegiate, (hall be and they are hereby united into a Company for the carrying on, making and completing, and maintaining the faid intended Navigable Cut or Canal, paffable for Ships and other Veffels, and the other Works, Undertakings, and Improvements hereby authorized or directed to be made according to the Rules, Orders, and Directions hereinafter expreffed, and (hall for that P-urpofe be One Body Politic and Corpora^, by the Name and Stile of The Tees Navigation Company, and by that Name (hall have perpetual Succcflion, and Ihall hare a Common Seal, and by that Name (hall and may fue and be fued; and that the faid Company of Proprietors and their Succefiors Ihall and may have Power and Authority to pur-chafe or take in Exchange Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to them and their Succefiors and Afligns, for the Ufe of the fame Naviga-6	tton

863

4$*GEORGli HJ. 48,

tion and Undertaking, without incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain ; and that it fhali be lawful'for the faid Company of Proprietors and their Succeflbrs, and they are hereby empowered from and after the palling of this Aft,, by themfelves, their Deputies, Agents, Officers, Workmen, Servants, or Affiftants} to fhorten, facilitate, improve, and fuppott the Navigation of the laid River Tees, trom the Bridge acrofs the laid River at Stccklon aforefaid to the Junftion of the faid River with the Sea ; and for that Purpofe to make, complcat, maintain, and keep Navigable and paffable for Ships and other Veffels trading to and from the Port ot Stockton aforefaid a Cut or C^naf communicating at both Ends with the River Teet between Stockton antj Portrack aforefaid, and to be cut and made through or acrofs a certain Ifthmus or Neck of Land belonging to or reputed to belong to IVilliam Todd, of Pickbill, in the County of Denbigh, Gentleman, and being Parr of certain Clofes, Pieces, or Parcels of Ground, fituate in the Parilh oif Stockton aforefaid, and called or known by the Name of The Holmes (and which faid Ifthmus cr Neck of Land is bounded on both Sides by the Lid River Tees, and extends in Breadth Two hundred Yards or thereabouts) in the Lines or Direftions exprefled in the Map or Plan hereinafter men-^ tioned, and to caufe the faid intended Cut or Canal to become and ever after the fame (hall be made to continue the Channel of the laid River, the old Channel of the faid River being r.everiliclcfs deemed to be a Creek or Inlet appertaining to the faid River; and the faid Company of Proprietors and their Succeflbis are hereby fully empowered by them-felves, their Deputies, Agentf, Workmen, or Servants, tocleanfe, fcour, cut, dig, open, deepen, ftraiten, or oiherwife improve any Part or Parts of the River Tees, wiih its Creeks and Inlets lying in or within or bar* dering or adjoining upon the leveral Townships or Fariffics of Stockioh B'.llingham, Coopen, Bewley, Greatham, Seaton, Carew, and Stranton, in the faid County of Durham ; and Thornaby, Stajrjby, Stdinton, Adorn, Lin* thorpe, MHdleJbrough, Qrmr/by, Normanby, Efton, Lackenby, Laze a by, fVH-ton, KirkleatbaviylVeft Coaibam, and Eajl Coat bam, in the County of York, ot any of them, or elfewhere between the faid Bridge at Stockton afor.faid and the Junftion of the faid River with the Sea, which they (hall think proper and capable of being rendered more commodious for the Purpofcs of Navigation; and alfo the feveral Cuts, Brooks, or Streams communicating with any Part of the faid River Tees, between its Jqpftion with the Sea and the faid Bridge at Stockton aforefaid, or lying contiguous thereto, and capable of being made to communicate; therewith ; ahd Fd'r that Purpofe to dig, cut through, blsft, or otherwise to ripiove and de-ftroy all or any of the Rocks, Shoals, Shallows, Mud and Sand Banksd and other Ooftruftions which now arc or fhali or may be af any Time or Times hereafter fituate, lying, or being at or near the Bar or Mouth of the faid River Tees, or in any Part or Parts of the Channel or Bed of the lame River, and hindering or obftrufting. the Entrance faf any Ship or Vefiel into the faid River from the Sea, or the Progrefs and Navigition of any Ship or Veftcl in any Part or Parts ot the faid River between KsJunction with the Sea and the laid Bridge at Stockton aforefaid, which the laid Company ofProprietorsor theirSuctellbrs fhali think capableof being removed or deftroyed as aforefaid, and the Removal or Dcih uftion whereof lhall be thought expedient for the Improvement of the Navigation of the faid River Tees j and for the better cffcfttiating the Purpolcs aforefaid, the faid Company of Proprietors and their Succelfors, Agents, Officers

Workmen,

powerto make Cut, &c.

4.86GE0RGI1 111. Cap. 48.

Workmen,’and Servants, are hereby empowered to go, enter, and pifs in* upon, over, under or through the Lands and Grounds, Brooks, Streams, Waters, Highways, Roads, Paflages, Street', Commons, and all other Lands or Hates of or belonging to the King’s Moft excellent Majcfty, His He'-s or Succeflors, or any other Perfon or Pei Ions, Bodies Politic, Corporate or C"llegiate, whatfoevrr, and to let out and afeertam fuch Part or Parts thereof as they the faid Comp.mv of Proprietors or their Succeflors fhall think proper, neerflary or convenient for making, com-pleating, maintaining, ufing, and improving the laid Cut or Canal, and other Works and Conveniences, or for more eafily carrying intoE&i.ft any of the Purpofes of this Aft, and to bore, die, tur, trench, and ftiugr, and to remove and lay upon any of the adjoinining Grounds, the Earth, Ciav, Stone, Rubbifh, Trees, Roots < f i rees, Gravel or Sand, or any other Matters or Things which may be dug or gotten in the making of the find Cut or Canal, or which may prevent or obftruft the making, corrplcat-ing, maintaining, ufmg, or improving the lame, or which may be dug or gotten in the cleanfing, fcouring, opening, deepen ng, or oih-rwife improving foch Part or Parts of the faid River Tees as fhall or may be fcoured, cleaned, opened, dee[eneJ, or otherwife improved as afurelaid, or in carrying into Execution any other of the Purpofes of this Act ; and alfo to make all fuch other Works and Dr vices as and wherever the faid Company of Proprietors or their Succeflors fhall think requifre tor the feverai Purpofes of this Aft; and alfo from Time to Time to divert, alter, repair, widen, enlarge, and amend or difeondnue the lam-, and to make and maintain any Carriage, Horfe, or other Road or Reads, Way or Ways, Path or Prths, to and from the faid Cut or Canal, and any other Works or Conveniences of or belonging to the faid Cut or Canal, and other Works refpeftively, as fhall Item neceflary or proper for the making, erefting, finilhing, altering or repairing, maintaining, and tifing the faid Cut or Canal, and other Works tor the Improvement of the faid Naviga-lion, and for carrying Goods and other Aiticles and Things to and from the faid Cut or Canal, and alfo to place, lay, woik, and manufafture any Materials where found, or adjoining to the Place or Places where the faid Works or any of ihem are intended to be made, erefted, repaired, or done ; and alfo to dig, take, and carry away for the Ufe of the faid Company of Proprietors or their Succeflors, any Soil, Clay, Gravel, Rubble, or any other Stone which may be proper or convenient for making a^J ftrengthening the faid Cut or Canal and other Wotks, and alfo for repairing, fupporcmg, maintaining, ufing, and improving the lame, and for effcftuating any other of the Purpoles of this Aft, in or from the Grounds of any Perfon or Petfons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, adjuin-ing or lying contiguous or convenient thereto, or in or from any other Lands or Grounds fituate, lying, or being within the feverai Townfhips or Parifhes of Stockton, Bill't ogham, Coopen, B.wley, Greathnm, Seaton, Carew, Stranton, Tbomaby, Staiojby, Stainton, Acklam, Lintborpe, Middle trough, Ormejby, Normanby, E/ton, Laekenby, Lazenby, [Tilton, Kitklca-tham, Wejl Coatbam, and Eajl Coo!bam, atorefaid, or any of them, and to conftruft, ereft, alter, and repair any fuch Jetties, Dams, Mounds, or other Works or Contrivances in any Part or Parts cf the faid Cut or Canal, or in any Part or Parts of the faid River Tees, between the (aid Bridge at Stockton aforefaid, and the Junftion of the fiid River with the Sea, as they the faid Company of Proprietors or their Succeflors fhall think neceflary or proper for the Purpofr of ftraightening and confining the Current or

Stream

48s* GEORGII III. Cap. 48.	865

Stream of the faid River, or for tire Purpofe of diverting the fame 6r the Water thereof from any Parc of its prel'ent Channel or Bed, fuuate, lying, or being between the upper and lower Outlet of the faid intended Cut or Canal, and conducting or caufing the fame to run through the fa;d intended Cut or Canal, or for carrying into Effeft any other of the Purpofes of this Aft 5 and alio to conftruft and ereft, do and perform, all and all Manner of other Matters and Things whatloever, which fhali be deemed neceflary or convenient by the faid Company of Proprietors or their Succeffors for the malting, compleating, ufing, preferving, and improving the faid Cut or Canal and the Works connected therewith, and for cleanfing, fcouring, deepening, (tightening, and otherwife improving the Navigation of fuch Part or Parts of the faid River Tees as hereinbefore mentioned, or for carrying into EfFeft any other of the Purpofes of this Aft in purfuanceand within the true Intent and Meaning thereof, they the faid Company of Proprietors and their SuCcclTors, Agents, Deputies*

Officers, Workmen, and Servants doing as little Damage as may be in the Execution of the feveral Powers to them hereby granted, and making Satisfaction in Manner herein-after mentioned for all fuch Damages as lhall be fuftained by the Owners or Occupiers of and other Perfons in-ttrefted in the Lands and Hereditaments, Waters and Watercourfes, which lhall be taken or ufed on Behalf of the faid Company of Proprietors and their Succeffors, or which lhall be prejudiced, damaged, injured, or affVfted by the Execution of any of the Powers of this Aft; and this Aft lhall be fufficient to indemnify the faid Company of Proprietors and their Succeffors, and their and every of their Deputies, Servants, Workmen, and all other Perfons, for what they or any of them lhall do by virtue of the Powers hereby granted, or any of them.

II.	And whereas a Survey has been taken to afeertain the Practicability ^ooiTo" ^ of making the faid Cut or Canal, and a Map or Plan deferibing the Line Reference to of the faid Cut or Canal, and the Lancs through which the fame is intended rem!^n witl’ to be made, together with a Book of Reference containing a Lift of the EhePe'ce,° Names of the Owner or reputed Owner and Occupier of fuch Lands, have fuhject to been depolited at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the (aid County lnfPectlon* of Durham-, be it therefore enafted, That fuch Map or Plan and Book of Reference (ball remain in the Ctiftody of the Clerk of the Peace for the

faid County of Durham, and that ail Perfons (hall at any feafonable Times have Liberty to inijpeft and perufe the fame, or make Copies of the fame, as Occalion lhall require, at their Will and Pleafure, paying to the Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for each fuch Examination, and the Sum of Sixpence lor every fuch Copy.

III.	And be it further enafted. That the faid Company of Proprietors Plan»"»»to be or their Succeff.rs in making the laid intended Cut or Canal, (hall not w/hout the"" deviate more than Fifty Yards from the Courfe or Ditcftion de- Content of lineated in the faid Map or Plan and fet forth in the faid Book of Land/* °f Reference.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That fuch Embankments as (hall be ComI'nn7 made by the laid Company of Proprietors for (lopping the prelent Courfe muntrinEm* of chefaid River Tees, lhall be for ever maintained, repaired, anti upheld, at the foie Cofts rnd Ch rges of the laid Company of Proprietors and Exutnoc? their Succeffors.

[Lee. fc? Per.]

10 K

V. And

866

Bodies Politic, &c. empowered to fell.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

V.	And be it further enacted. That after any Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fhall be fo fet out and alcertained as afore-faid for making the faid Cut or Canal, or any Part thereof, and for providing and conftrufting the other Works and Conveniences herein mentioned, or any of them, or for any other of the Purpofes of this Aft, it fhall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations, Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Tail, Ilufbands, Guardians, Feoffees in Truft, Truflees for charitable Purpofes, Committees, Executors, Adminiftrators, Attornies, and all other Truflees or Perfons whomfoever, not only for and on Behalf of themfelves and their Heirs and Succeffors, but alfo for and on Behalf of their Cejluique Trulls, whether Infants, Iffue unborn. Lunatics, Idiots, Feme Covens, Perfons beyond the Seas, or other Pcrfon or Perfons incapable of afting for themfelves, and to and for all Feme Coverts who are or fli*11 be feized, poffeffed, or intertfled in their own Right, or intitled to Dower or other Intereft therein, and for every other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, who is or are or fhall be feized, poffcffed of, or interefted in any Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments, which lliall be fo fet out and alcertained for the Purpofes of this Aft, to contraft: for, fell, or convey the fame, and every Part thereof, unto the faid Company of Proprietors or their Succeffors, or to agree with the faid Company of Proprietors Or their Succeffors, for any Recompence to be made for the Lands, Tenement';, or Hereditaments, to be taken or ufed for the Purpofes of this Aft, or for the Compenfation and Satisfaftion for Damage which maybe done to any fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by the Execution of any of the Powers of this Aft ; and if it fhall happen that by making the laid Cot or Canal, or the Roads, Works, or other Con* veniences and Improvements hereby authorized to be made, the Property of any Land Owner or Land Owners fhall be feparated or divided fo as to fepara’.e any Meffuage, Dwelling Houfe, or Farm Houfe, Stables, Sheds, or other Conveniences, from any Part of the Farm Lands or Hereditaments held therewith, or otherwife to render the Occupation thereof inconvenient, it fhall be lawful lor all fuch Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, or other Peifon or Perfons as atorefad, if they fhall think proper fo to do, to contraft for, fell, and difpoie of all or any Part of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fo feparated and divided either to the faid Company of Proprietors or to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, for fuch Price or Prices in Money or other Equivalent as to fuch Perfon or Perfons fo contracting to fell the fame fhall feem reafonable, provided neverthelefs that no fuch Sale as fhall be made under or by virtue of this Power to any Perfon ct Perfons whomfoever (lave and except the faid Company of Proprietors or their Succeffors) fhall be made without the Confent and Approbation of the Commiffioners hereby appointed, or any Five or more of them, to be teftified in Writing under their Hands, either at any Meeting of the faid Commiffioners to be held by virtue of this Ac, or otherwife howfoever; and all fuch Sales, Conveyances, and Affurances fhall be valid and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purpofes whatllevor, any Law, Statute, Ufage or Cuffom, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwiihltanding, and all Pcrlor.s, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, whomfoever, fo conveying, are hereby indemt.iSgd lor or in refpeft of any fuch Sale which he, fhe, or they, or any of than, fhall refpeftively make by virtue or in purfuance of this Act, and all luch'

8	-	CbntAfts,

48° GEORGH :m' Cap.48.	S67

Contrafts, Agreements, Sales, Conveyances, and Affurance?, as (hall be made to the faid Company of Proprietors, or their SuccefTo s, udder or by virtue of any of the Powers Or Authorities of this , .ft, (hall be made at the Expence of the faid Company of Proprietors, or thqir Succeffors,^and according to the following form, or as near thereto as may be, videlicet:

*	J A.B. of • in Confiderrtion of the Sum of	to me

‘ paid by the Tecs Navigation Company, the Receipt whereof is hue- company of

* by acknowledged, or in Confideration of the Annual Rent of	Proprietors.

*	to	me to be hereafter yielded and paid by Yearly or H.ilf-

*	yearly Payments (as may be agreed upon) by the Tees Navigation Coty-‘ pany, for certain Lands and Hereditaments fituate in

*	conveyed to me by the Tees Navigation Company, by Writing under

*	their Hands and Seals, bearing even Date herewith, do hereby, grant and

*	releafe to the faid Company and their Succeffors, all ['defending the Ptf-

*	tni/es] to be conveyed] to hold to the faid Company and their Succeffors

*	and Afligns for ever, by viitue of and according to the true Intent

*	and Meaning of a certain Aft of Parliament puffed in the Forty-eighth

*	Year of the Reign of His Mnjefty King George the Third, intituled,

*	[i' fert the Title of this Adi] In Witnefs whereof I have hereto fet my

*	Hand and Seal the	Day	of	in the Year of

*	our Lord

And if the Premifes are Lrafehold for Years, they fhall be affigned by a Form anfwerable to the above, only fubftituting the Words applicable to the Aflignment of a Chattel ; which faid Conveyances, Alignments and Affurances, fo made to the faid Company < f Proprietors as aforefaid, fhall be kept by the Clerk or Clerks to the laid Company of Proprietors, who fhall from Time to Time when reqtiefted, deliver attefted Copies thereof to any Perfon or Perfons requefttng the fame, and (bail have and receive Sixpence for everyOne Hundred Words of each fuch attelfecl Copy, and fo in Proportion for any lefs Number of Words; and every fuclr Conveyance as aforefaid which fhall Ire made to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, other than and except the faid Company of Proprietors or their Succeffors, fhall be according to the following Fotm :

*	I A.B. of	do	hereby,	by	virtue	and	in	purfuar.ee of a Form of Con-'

*	^ certain Aft of Parliament palled in the Forty-eighth Year of che ve'’an«-

*	Reign of His Majefty King George the Third,I’ntituled, [injert the Title 01 Kl ‘ 1 °‘,s'

*	cf this Act], and by and with the Confent and Approbation of Five or

*	more of the Comtr.iffioners appointed under or by virtue of the laid Aft,

*	trftified by their Signatures hereto, and in Con fide rat.on of the Sum

*	of	to mein Hand paid by C. D.	at	or

*	before the Sealing and Delivery or thefe Prcfijncs, the Receipt whereof

*	I do hereby acknowledge, grant and rdeafe to the IVui C.D.

*	all \dsfcribe the Premifes] to hold to the laid C. D.

‘	his Heirs and Affign, lor ever. As Witnefs my Hand and Seal

, this	Day of

And if the Prtmifes are I.eafehold for Years, they Ihall be affigned by a Form anlwerable to the above, o;,;y fubftituting the W. rds applicable to the AUigrirrent of a Chattel*

VI. Provided

868

Sower to

Company of Proprietor! to fell Lanili, &c. not wanted.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

VI.	Provided always, and be it farther enafted, That al! Contrafts, Agreements, Bargains, and Sales, of or concerning any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which (hall be Copyhold or Cuftomary, or of the Nature of Copyhold, lhall be executed and complercd by Surrender thereof in the Court of the Manor of which the fame ate holden or Parcel, according to the Cuftom of fuch Manor, and fuch Lands. Tenements, or Hereditaments (hall continue fubjeft to the fame Fines, Rents, and Services as arc due and payable and of Right accuftomed in the fame manner as if this Act had not been made, unlels the Lord or Lords, Lady, or Ladies of the Manor for the Time being fliall be defirous of enfran-chifing the fame, in which Cafe fuch Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies notwithftanding Coverture and whether foie or married, is and are hereby empowered fo to do notwithftanding he, fhe, or they lhall be feized of or entitled to the fame Manor for a ,efs Intereft than an Eltate of Inheritance in Fee Simple ; but in as much as the vefting and continuing of fuch Copyhold or Cuftomarv Premifes in the faid Company as a Body Corporate would prevent fuch Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies from receiving fuch Benefit of Fines, Heriots, and other Services due upon Death, Defcent, or Alienation rn like manner as he, (lie, or they would have done in cafe luch Copyhold or Cuftomary Premifes had continued to be the Property1} of Pcrlons in their natural Capacities; and in cafe the faid Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the fa id Manor lhall decline to enfranchife the refpeftive Parcels of Copyhold or Cuftomary Land held or Parcel of the faid Manor which fnall be purchafed by or veiled in the faidCompany for the Purpofes aforefaid, he or they lhall be entitled to and lhall be paid by the faid Company a readable Recompence and Satisf-ftion for the Lofs that will arife to him or them in refptft to fuch Fines, Heriots, and other Services, the Enjoyment of which (hall be diminilhed or loft by the vefting and continuing of luch Copyhold or Cuftomary Premifes in a Body Corporate, which Recompence and Satisfaftion and alio the Appointment or} Apportionment of the certain Copyhold or Cuftomary Rents ifluing out of fuch Copyhold or Cuftomary Tenements of which a Part only lhall be taken for any of the Purpofes of this Aft, if not fettled by Agreement between the Parties, (hall be afeertained and fettled by the Commiftioners hereby appointed in fuch Manner and fubjtft tu luch Verdift of a Jury if requited as is herein-after dirtfted.

VII.	And whereas, in order to carry into effeft the Purpofes of this Aft and to avoid Dilputes with the Owners of Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments which may be thereby injured or affefted, the faid Company of Proprietors may purchafe Lands, Buildings, or Hereditaments not neccf-fary to be made ul'e of for the Purpofes of this Aft ; be it therefore further enafted, That it fliall be lawful for the faid Company of Proprietors to left and difpofe of and by Indenture under their common Seal abfolutely to grant and convey fuch Part or Parts of the Lands or Hereditaments which lh .11 be fo purchafed by and conveyed to the faid Company of Proprietors as aforefaid, and as (hall not be wanted for the Puipofes of this Aft, and alio to lay out and appropriate any Part of the faid Lands and Premifes as and for a Way and Ways, Avenue or Avenues, Pafiage or Paflagcs, and that all luch Conveyances from the faid Company of Proprietors lhall be valid and tffeftual, any Law, Statute, or Cuftom to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding ; and upon Payment of the Money which (hall arife by the Sale or Sales of fuch Lands, Rents,

or

4B9 GEORGII ill. Cap. 48.	8^9

or Premifes, or any Part or Parcels thereof, it lhall be lawful for the Treafurer or Trealurers for the Time being to the faid Company of Proprietors to fign and give Receipts for the Money for which the fame (hall be fold, which Receipts fball be fufficient Difcharges to any Pcrfon or Perfons for the Purchafe Money for which fuch Lands, Rents, or Premifes fball be fold* or for fo tnuch thereof refpeftively as in fuch Receipts fhalI be exprefftd to be received, and fuch Ptrfon or Perfons fhall not be anfwerable for any Loflcs, Mifapplication, or Nonapplication of fuch Purchafe or other Money or any Part thereof : Provided always, that the fucii lands to faid Company of Proprietors before they fhall fell or difpofe of fuch Lands and Hereditaments, (ball firft offer to refell the fame to the Per- ther* ifon$ (on or Perfons from whom they fhall have purchafed the fame, and in cafe fuch Pcrfon or Perfons fhall not then and thereupon agree, or fhall refufe to repurchafe the fame, any Affidavit to be made and fworn before a Mafler Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before one of His Maielty’s Juftices of the Peace for the County where fuch Lands or Hereditaments (hall lie, by fome Perfon orPerfons no way interefted in the faid Lands or Hereditaments, Rating that fuch Offer was made by or on Behalf of the faid Company of Proprietors, and was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refufed by the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame wis fo made, fhall be fufficient Evidence and Proof that fuch Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was refufed by the Perfon or Perfons to whom it was made, as the Cafe may be.

VIII.	And be it further enafled. That in all Conveyances to be mtde by the laid Company of Proprietors under or by virtue or in putfuance of the f veral Powers and Authorities to them hereby given, the Word Grant fhall amount to and be confirmed and adjudged in all C iurts of Judicature to be exprefs Covenants to the Grantee or other Purchafer>, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Adminirtrators, or Alfigns, from the faid Company of Proprietors for themfclves and their Succeffars, thac they the faid Company of Proprietors, notwithftanding any Aft done by them, were at the Time of the Execution of fuch Conveyance feifed of the Hereditaments and Premifes thereby granted of an indefeafible Efl ue of Inheritance in Fee Simple, free from all Incumbrances for quiet Enjoyment thereof againft the faid Company of Proprietors, their Succtfiors and Affigns, and all claiming under them indemnified and fai^d hatm-lefs by the faid Company of Proprietors and their Succrffors from all Incumbrances committed by the faid Company, and alfo for farther Af-furance of fuch Hereditaments and Premifes thereby granted to be made by the faid Company of Proprietors, their Succeffors and Affigm, and all claiming under them, unlefs the fame fhall be reftrained and limited by exprefs particular Words contained in fuch Conveyances, or any of the.n, and that luch Purchafers or Grantees, and his, her, and their feveral Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators and Affigns fefpedtively, fhall and may in any Action or Aftions to be brought, allign a Breach or Breaches thereupon, as they might do in cafe fuch Covenants were exprefsly inferted in fudi Conveyances refpe&ivcly.

The wor\

Cirant, in Co iveyit ce« from theCom-pa y of lJro-pri tors to au d int to ce:ian Covenants.

IX.	And be it further enaffed, That all and every Sum and Sums of Appix-tlon Money which fball be had, received, and taken by the faid Company of lh,fc Proprietor as the Confideratior. of any fuchSalc as aforefaid, fhall be paid, it vCu by'the applied, and difpoled of in fuch and the like Manner as the Rates and c°'nPai>y. [Loc. iP Per.J	xo L	Duties

87°

Directing Works to be made for fecuring the Dar.ds of Tho.n s Huftlcr, Ef'j. ffi'm Dumrige by the New Cut.

In cafe ‘he Co panyfliall iiegl-ct to make the Works, Mr. Haiti*' may make hem at the Exp-lice of the Company.

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap.-48.

Duties on Tonnage charged or imposed by this prcfcnt ACl are hereby directed to be paid, applied, and difpofcd of.

X.	And be it further enaCted, That the laid Company of Proprietors and their Smceflors do and lhall, and tliev are hereby directed und required, at their own C >fts and Charges, immediately after the faid Cut or Canal (hall have been made and the Water admitted through the fame, and before the Firft Day Ot OJIobir in the Year in which the faid Cut or ; Canal (hall be made, to raiftr, erect, and make, or caufe to be raifed, ceded, and made in and upon certain Lands commonly called or known by the Ntmeof rhe Holmes, belonging to Thomas Huftl.r of /Itklam, in the fai.i County of York, Efquire, opp dite to the Eflt End or'the faid intended Cut or Canal, fuch Jetties, Embankments, Dam', Mounds, and other Works, as in the Judgement and Opinion of Two fufficienc Engineers, One to be ehofen by the laid Company of Propiietors or their Succe/Tors, and the other by the faid Thcmas Hujl er, his Heirs or Afligns, or the Owner or Owneisf-r the Time being of the faid Lands called the Holmes, fhall be fuffi ient for the Purpose of proted ng and defending the laid Lands called the Himes, from be ng at any Time overflowed, flooded, penetrated, worn awav, or damaged in any Manner whatfoever by the Stream or Current of Water flowing or rc flowing through the faid intended Cut or Canal ; and alfo all luch other Dams and Works as fhall effeduul-1; pi event the other Lands and Groundsttf the faid Thomas Hujller, now adjoining the River Tees, and lying to the South of the faid Lands called the Holmes, from being overfl wed, flooded, worn away, or damaged by the Flux and Reflux of the Tide in the prefent Channel of the faid River, fo far as fuch Damage fhall be derivable from the Alteration intended to be made in the CourTe of the faid River; and that the f.id Company of Proprietors and their Socceflors do and (half, at their own Cods and Charges from Time to Time as olten as Occafion lhall require, and more efpecially after Notice given 10 the Clerk for the Time being of the faid Company by the faid Thomas Hujller, his Heirs or Afligns, or the Owner or Owners fgr the Time being of any of h s faid Lands aud Grounds, or his or their Tenant or Tenants, that the faid Works made for the Protection and Defence of the faid Lands of the faid Thomas Hujller, or any of them or any Part thereof, have been broken down or damaged, or are in want of Re-par don, immediately and without Delay well and effectually reftore, repair, amend, uphold, fuppo»t, and maintain the fame Works, fo as to make and continue the fame adequate for the Protection an 1 Defense of the Lands and Grounds of the laid Thomas Hu/lUr from every Damage and Injury as herein-before mentioned.

XL And be it further enaCted, That if the faid Company of Proprietors fhall refule or negleCt well and effectually to reftore, repair, amend, uphold, fupport, and maintain the faid Works in Manner alorefaid, for the Space of One Week next after fuch Notice given as aferefaid, then and in fuch Cafe it (hall be lawful for the faid Thomas Hujller, his Heirs and Afligns, or fuch Owner or Owners for the Time being as afo e-faul, to reftore, repair, amend, uphold, hipporr, and maintain the laid Works, fo as to make them a lequate for the Protection and Defence of fuch Lands and Grounds from the Damage and Injury herein-before mentioned ; and that the faid Company (hall pay and reimburfe to the faid Thomas Hujller, his Heirs or Afligns, or fuch Owner or Owners as

aforelaid.

47G£ORGII III. Cap, 48.	871

aforefaid, the Expences by them or any of them incurred in and about die rcftoring, repairing, amending, upholding, fupporting, and maintaining the laid Works in Manner aforefaid, on Demand for that Purpose made in Wdting, and delivered to the Clerk for the Time being of the faid Company.

XII.	And be it further enaffed, That if the faid Company (hall negleft Pow?r to or r- fufc to pay and reimburfe to the Did Thomas Hujiler, his Heirs or

AlTigns, or fuch Owner or Owners as aforefaid, for the Space of One cur "el by Mr. Calendar M >nth nexc after fuch Demand made and delivered as afore- Hulllcr-faid, all fitch Expences fo by him or them incurred as aforefaid, then and in fuch Cafe it (hall be lawful for the faid Thomas Hujiler, his Hems or AITigris, or fuch Owner or Owners as aforefaid, to appoint a Receiver of the Tonnage Rates or Duties arifing by virtue of ths Aft, and to take and receive fuch Tonnage Rates or Duties for his or rheir own Ufe, until he or they fhall hive received full-Satisfaction for the laid Expences fo by them or anv of them incurred as aforefaid, with Imereft for the fame at and after the Rate of Five per Cent, per Annum; or other-wife to raife by Morrgage of the laid Tonnage Rates and Duties, (fuch Mortgage bring made by Deed under the Hand and Seal of the laid Thomas Hujiler, his Heirs or Afligns, or fuch Owner or Owners as aforefaid) a Sum or Sums of Money equal to the Expences fo by him or them incurred in or about the Premifes, together with the Intereft as aforefaid then due for the fame; and further, that fuch Receiver fo appointed as aforefaid, or fuih Mortgagee of the Tonnage	Rates or Duties, or

his Afligns, fhall be entitled to receive the faid	Tonnage Rates and

Duties, ur.til complete Satisfaftion of fuch Expences or Payment of fuch Sums of Money fo raifed bv Mortgage of the faid Tonnage Rates and Duties as aforefaid; and the Powers of the Receiver or Collector, to be appointed by the faid Company fhall during fuch Time be fufpended.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That the Right Comr*nf3tion

Honourable Lord Harewood, Baron of Harewocd in the County cf York, ^r* Har'-1** bis Heirs or Afligns, and his or their Tenant	or Tenants, or the *w>od	ami

Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of, or	other Perfon or Per*	'f^pr'u

fons who fhall or may be interefted in a certain Wind Corn Mill, peny maybe Granaiy, Storehoufe, and other Buildings and Premifes fituate, lying,	[’hye

or being at or near a certain Place called Mandate in the Parilh of Cat, & Stainton aforefaid, and near to or adjoining upon the faid River Tees,

in ca.e fuch Mill, Granary, Storehouf*, and other Buildings and Premifes fhall, by carrying into Effeft any of the Purpofes of this Aft be injured, damaged, diminifhed in Value or otherwise affeCted, and alfo the faid Thomas Hujiler, or the Perfon or Perfons who for the Time being fh ill be the Owner or Owners of or entitled to the faid Lands or Gr >ur.ds now of the faid Thomas Hujiler and his or their Tenant and Tenants, and all a.id every the Perfon or Perlons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Sole or Aggregate, whofe Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (hall be uled or taken for making the laid intended Cut or Canal,

Roads, Ways, and other Works and Improvements, hereby direfted or	*

authorized to be made, or whofe Lands, Tenements, Rights of Pithing,

Mills, Forges, or other Hereditaments, lhall by carrying into Effect any of the Purpofc-s of this Aft be injured, damaged, or affefted, and the Oc-i„	cupier

&12	4-8° GEORG II III. Cop.

cupicr or (Occupiers thereof,or other Perfon or Perform, intercfted therein rTpeftively, flull and may accept and receive Compenfation and Sa-tbfafton for the V.due of fuch Land*, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, which (hall be ufed or employed for the Purpofes of this Act, aud tor the Injury, Lois and Damage, which fhall or may be fuftained by their or any of their Lands and Grounds, Granaries, Storehoufes, Free Filh-eries. Rights of Filhang, Mills, Forges, or other Woiks and Hereditaments, by carrying into Effcft any of the Purpofes of this Aft, either in Grol's Sums or by Annual Rents, (except in the Cafe of Spiritual Pctfons to whom all fuch Compenlations are directed to be made by an Annual Rent in Manner herein-after mentioned) as (hall be agreed upon by and between the Owners and Occupiers refpeftively, or any Company'ami ot	and *alc* Company of Proprietors or their SuccefTors ; and

p.rtits rm..ot tn cafe the faid Company of Proprietors and the faid Patties intercfted DcnmiinVo *n	Lands	and Grounds or other Hereditaments, cannot agree as

be f re.i by to the Amount or Valued fuch Satisfaction, the fame (hall be afeertained c iiimiflion- ancj fettled by the Commiflioners herein-ifter appointed, in fuch Manner and fubjett to fuch Verdift of a Jury, if icquired, as is herein-after directed ; and all fuch Yeaily Rents or Sums as fhall be agreed on between the Yearly Sums Lid Company of Proprietors and the Lid Parties intcrefted in fuch on Rites31*"*1' Lands and Grounds or other Hereditaments, or as (hall be fo afeertained and fettled as aforefaid, (hall be charged on the Tonnage Rates arifing by virtue of this Aft, and fhall be paid by the laid Company of Proprietors either Yearly or Half-yearly, as the fame (haft be agreed to In rife the become due and payable •, and in cafe the fame (hall not be paid lame ben t within Thirty Days after the lame (hall fo become due and payable, Th'l * d',v»,	^ ffiall be lawful	for	the faid Commiflioners,	or	any Five or more

Commiffion-	i f them, although	not	afiembled at any Meeting	to	be held by virtue

poim/coi-	°h tLis Aft, and	they	are hereby required by	an	Order under their

lecror, or h»	Hands to appoint one or more Perfon or PerTons	to receive the Tonnage

moverertb* ^ates hereby granted and made payable, and to pay the fame to fuch Action or J Perfon or Pcrlons to whom fuch Yearly Rents or Sums fhall be due Biftieu. an(j unpaid as aforefaid, the faid Commiflioners taking fuch Security fiom every fuch Colicftor for the due and faithful Execution of his Office as they fh-dl judge proper and fufficient, and every Perfon fo appointed fhall be deemed a Colleftor of the fame Rates, and (hall have the fame Power and Authority for collecting the fame, and fhall receive and retain thereout a teafonable Satisfaction for his Trouble therein, in like Manner as if he had been appointed a Colleftor of the fame Rates by the faid Company of Proprietors, until fuch Yearly Rents or Sums, with the Cofts and Charges of recovering and receiving the lame, fhall be to him, her, or them fully fatitfied and paid; or it (ball be lawful for fuch Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Truftees, or other Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Yearly Rents or Sums (hall be due and owing as aforefaid, to fue for and recover the fame with Cofts of Suit by Aftion of Debt in any of His Majcfty’s Courts cf Record, or otherwife to feize and diftrain any Goods or Effefts of the faid Company of Proprietors which (hall be found upon the faid Cut or Canal, or the faid River Tees, or upon the Wharfs, Quays, Warehoufes, or other Works thereto belonging (Information of (uch Diftrefs being immediately given to the faid Company of Pioprietors by Notice in Writing delivered to their Clerk, cr to any Colleftor of the Tonnage Rates hereby granted, or other known Officers) and to detain the fame until Payment of fuch Yearly Rents

*7	or

$73

48° GEORGII III. Cap.48.

or Sums then due and owing together with reafonable Charges attending fuch Diftrels, and if fuch Di/trefs fhali not be redeemed within Ten Days next after making the fame, and Notice thereof given in Writing as aforefaid, then fuch Goods or Effefts fo diltrained /hail and may be lold ot difpoled of in fuch Manner as the Law direfts in cafe of a Diltrefs for Rent.

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That John Arden, Chrijlopher Anjley commiffion-Clerk, Rowland Bur don, George Brown, Charles Baillie Clrrk, John Bell, ui Panics. Robert Bell, William Braitbwaitc, John Brcw/ler Clerk, Edward Brown,

George Barrington Clerk, War cop Confett, Robert Chaloner, Robert Crowe,

‘Thomas Crathorne, John Carr, Alderfon Hartley Colling, Robert Colling ot Hurworth, Robert Colling ot Barmpton, Robert Clarke, James O'Callogan,

William Cbaytor, Lawrence Dundas, Hcneage Dundas, William Dent,

Richard Dickfort, Thomas Davi/on, Sir John Eden Baron r, Robert Eden, William Eden, Benjamin Evans Clerk, Thomas Ewbafik Clerk,

David Burton Fowler, R chardfon Ferrand, George Stanley Faber Clerk,

Thomas Robinfon Grey, John Grey, Wiliam Grey, Sir Robert D’Arcy Hildyard Baronet, Henry Hildyard Clerk, Thomas Hujller, John H gg,

Thomas Eller by Hixon, John Hixm, Nathanial Lewis HoHingswoi th,

William Ward Jackfon, George Meyr.ell, George Markham Cle;k, Dean ofYotk, John Doutbwaite Nejlsam, Richard William Chrijlopher Peirfe,

Charles Plumtree Clerk. John Peacock, Matthew Rujfell, John Rujfell Rowntree, Leonard Raijbeck, George Sutton, William Sleigh, George Sayer Clerk, Marjha I Stonehcuje, Chrijlopher Smith, Samuel Smith, Gordon Shelly, Sir Charles Turner Bironet, St Henry Vane Ttmpejl Baronet,

John Trotter, Rowland Webjler, Rowland Webjhr the younger, Robert,

Wilkinfon, Thomas Wilkinfon of Newbus Grange, James Walker,

William Wilfon, John Waldy, John Wharton, Chrijlopher White, and their Succeffors, to be eletted in manner herein-after mentioned, /hall be and are hereby appointed Commiffioners for fettling, determining, and adjufting all Matter1, Queflions, and Differences which /hall or may aiife between the faid Company of Proprietors and the fcveral Proprietors of and Petfons incerelted in any Lands, Grounds, Tenements, Mills,

Mines, Waters, Hereditaments, or Premifes which fhali or may betaken, ufed, affefted, cr prejudiced by the Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted, and for continuing a Aifficient Number of Commiffion-ers for putting this Aft in Execution ; be it further enafied, That when any of the Commi/Iioners hereby appointed or to be elected in Manner ers tL chute* herein mentioned /hall die or refufe to aft, or (hall eeafe to re/ide in j;'1 ”£ the faid County of Durham or the North Riding of the County of York, 1,1"c the furviving or remaining Commiffiontrs (hall and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time, at fame Meeting to be held for that Purpofe, by Writing under their Hands to deft and appoint another Perion in the Place of cvciy Commiffioner fo dying or refuting to aft, or ceafing to reftde in the faid County of Durham or the North Riding of the faid County of York, and all fuch Commiflioners fo to be appointed Ihall from the Time of their refptftive Appointment? have the like Authority in all Things relating to the Execution of this Act, as if they had been exprelVly named Commi/Iioners in and by this Aft.

XV.	And be it further ensfted, That in cafe it /hall happen that the In their Ac. iurviving or remaining Commi/Iioners /hall at any Time negledt or refule ^Qwn«St*r,

[_Loc. Perjj	10	M	upon

874

fionsmay ap. point them.

Commiflioneri may a6l as J uftices cf the fcace.

Commtffionert not to aft in certain Cafes.

Quali%ation.

Oath to be taken by Ccmmiflion. er».

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

opon any Vacancy to nominate or appoint a new Commiffioner, or that for Want of a proper Number of Commiffioners in the Neighbourhood it (hall be difficult to procure a Meeting or Meetings for executing the Powers of this Aft, or in cafe the Commiffioners nominated in this Aft or hereafter to beelefted under and by virtue thereof (hall be reduced to a lefs Number than Ten, then and in any of the faid Cafes it (hall be lawful for the faid Company from Time to Time to make Complaint thereof to the Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Durham aftem-bled at any Quarter Seflions of the Peace holden for the faid County, who are hereby authorized to receive and hear the faid Complaint, and upon due Proof thereof being made to them to nominare and appoint fuch fit and proper Peifons as they in their Difcretion (hall think fit to be Commiffioners for the Purpofes of this Aft, and the faid Commif-fioners fo nominated and appointed (hall from thenceforth have the like Powers and Authorities as if they had been named in this Aft.

XVI.	And be it further enafted, That any of the faid Commiffioners who (hall be Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Durham and the North Riding of the faid County of York, or either or them, may, not-withflanding their being Commiffioners, aft as J uftices of the Peace in the Execution of this Aft.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That no Perfonffiall aft as Commiffioncr in any Cafe in the Execution of this Aft dur.ng the Time of his holding any Place of Profit arifing out of the Rates to be collefted by virtue of this Aft, or during the Time of his being a Proprietor of the faid Undertaking or concerned or interefted in any Contract or Bargain made or to be made for the Purpofes o( this Aft, or in any Cafe when he (hall be in anywife interefted or concerned in the Matter in Queftion, nor unlefs he (hall refide in the faid Counry of Durham or the North Riding of the faid County of York, and (hall be fuzed in his own Right or in the Right of his Wife, and not as a Mortgagee at the Time of fuch his afting, of an Eftate of Freehold or Copyhold or Cuftomary, or both in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear Yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, or unlefs he (hall be poffeffed of a Perfonal Eftate or a Real and Perfonal Eftate together, of the clear Value of Three thoufand Pounds, nor (hall any Perfon aft as a Commiffioner in the Execution of this Aft (otherwife than giving Notice of the Firft Meeting of the Commiffioners, and adminiftering an Oath or Affirmation in the Words following to the other Commiftioners) until he (hall have taken fuch Oath or Affirmation before any One cr more of the faid Commiffioners who is or are hereby authorized and empowered to acimi-nifter the fame; (that is to fay),

1 T A.B. do fwear [ar, being one of the People called Quakers, do fo-

* -*■ lemnly affirm] That I will without Favour or Afi'cdtion, truly and ‘ impartially, according to the beft of my Skill and Knowledge, execute

*	and perform the Powers and Authorities veiled in me as a Commif-

*	fioner, by an Aft made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His J Majefty King George the Third, intituled, [infer! the Title cf this AtY\

‘ So help me God.’

And

875

48°GEORGII HI. Cap. 48.

And no Perfon (hall aft as a Commiflioner at any Meeting of Commif-fioners (except at the Firft Meeting to be held by virtue of this Aft, and at anv Adjournment thereof to be held within One Calendar Month of fuch Firft Meeting) unltfs he fliall have taken the faid Oath at Come other Meeting One Calendar Month at lead previoufly to the Timt of his claiming to aft as a Commiflioner 5 and if any Perfon not being qualified as herein-before is mentioned or hereby made incapable to aft as a Commif-fioner fliall neverthelefs prefume to aft as fuch in the Execution of the Powers hereby given or any of them, every fuch Perfon (hall for every Pc„;i)tv, ror fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds to the laid Company of commiffienm Propreitors, to be recovered with fullCofts of Suit by Action of Debt aflingwithout in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Weftminjler or in the	7

Court of Pleas at Durham, in which Aftion no Effoign, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance fliall be allowed } and fuch Perfon fo fued or profecuted (hall prove thac he is qualified as aforefaid, or otherwife fliall pay the faid Penalty without any other Proof or Evidence being required on the Part of the Plaintiff than thac luch Perfon hath afted as a Commiflioner in the Execution of the Powers granted by this Aft: Provided always, that all Awards, Orders, Aa$off.>c!i and other Afts and Proceedings of any Perfon as a Commiflioner in the Cammiffion-Execution of this Aft, previoufly to his being convifted of the faid Of- neveaheUfs. fence, (hall be valid and effectual, as if fuch Perfon had taken the Oath herein-before preferibed and had been otherwife duly qualified according to the Directions of this Aft.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted. That upon Application to be made in Fir!) Meeting Writing by and on the Behalf of the faid Company of Proprietors, or of any Owner or Occupier of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be affefted by the faid Canal, Roads, or other Works, or by the Execution of any of the Powers granted by this Aft unto any Three or more Pcrfons qualified to aft as Commiflloners for the Purpofes of this Aft, re-quefting them to appoint a general Meeting or the faid Commiflloners, the * Commiffioners fo applied to fliall and they are hereby required within Seven Days after fuch Requeft to give Notice of a General Meeting to be held at fuch Time and Place as (hall be expreffed in fuch Notice, fuch Time not being lefs than Fourteen nor more than Twenty-one Days from the Day on which fuch Requeft (hall be made j and the faid Commiffion- clerk to comers fliall and they are hereby required at fuch their Firft Meeting to appoint mdT|™tcj£l° out of Three Pei Ions to be nominated by the faid Company of Proprietors uce ca fuch One of them as the faid Commiflion-rs (hall think proper to be their Clerk, and the faid Commiflloners may if they fliall think proper from Time to Time at any of their fubfequent Meetings, remove any luch Clerk and appoint another in his Stead out of Three Perfons to be nominated by the faid Company of Proprietors; and every luch Clerk fliall be paid for his Time, Care, and Trouble in the Execution of his Office by the faid Company of Proprietors; and all the Orders and Proceedings of the faid Proceedmgsto Commiffioners, as well at their faid Firft Meeting as at any other fubfequent	ina

Meeting, (hall be regularly entered by their Clerk in a Book to be kept "" for that Purpofe, and to be provided from Time to Time by the faid Company of Proprietors; and fuch Entries being figned by fuch Number of Bookro be Commiffioners refpeftively as are empowered by this Aft to make luch Evde,,ce> Orders or carry on fuch Proceedings, or by their Clerk by the Orders and

Directions



876

Fourteen DaysNctice to be given of adjourned Meetings, NoOrder valid except made at a punlic Meeting,

Meeting to be Called on Application of the Company or the Proprietors of

Fever to adjourn Meeting.

48s GEORG 11 III. Cap.48.

Direftions of fuch Number of Commiflioners as aforefaid who fhall be afiembled at any luch Meeting or Meetings fhall be deemed Originals, and fhall be admitted as Evidence in all Courts of Law or Equity, but no fuch firft or other Meeting whatfoever of the faid Commiflioners, except fuch adjourned Meetings as herein-after mentioned, {hall be had at any Time for putting into Execution any of the Powers or Authorities vefted in the faid Commiflioners by this Adi, unlcfs Fourteen Days previous Notice at leaf! of every fuch intended Meeting fhall be given in Two or more Newf-papers ufuaily circulating in the Counties of Turk and Durham, or either of them; and every Meeting of the faid Commiflior.ers by virtue of this Aft (hall be publick, and no Order, Direftion, or Determination of the faid Commiflioners or any of them touching any of the Matters and Things herein contained (except in fuch Cafes as are hereby otherwife dirtfted) (hall be valid and effeftual, unlcfs the fame (hall be made or done at a Meeting to be held in purfuance of this Aft, and that all the Powers and Authc* rides by this Aft given to or vefted in the faid Commiflioners (excepting fuch as may be executed without their being afiembled at any Meeting or Meetings) (hall and may from Time to Time be exercifed by the Majority of the Commiflioners prefent at every fuch Meetings the whole Number prefent at any fuch Meeting not being lefs than Five, and that at every fuch Meeting One of the find Commiflioners prefent (hall be ap-pointed Chairman, who in cafe of an equal Divifion of Voices lhall have tiic cafting Vote.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That from Time to Time upon any Application to be made in Writing by or on the Behalf of the faid Company of Proprietors, or by any Owner or Occupier of any Lands or Hereditaments to be affected by the making of the faid Canal or Works, or by carrying into Effect any of the Purpofes of this Act, to the Clerk cf the faid Commiflioners, requefting him to appoint a fpe-cial Meeting of the faid Commiflioners, the faid Clerk (hail and he is hereby authorized and required within Fourteen Days next after fuch Requefl or Application made to give Publick Notice in manner aforefaid of luch Meeting to be held at fuch Time and Place as (hall be fpecified in fuch Notice, fuch Time not being lefs than Fourteen nor more than Twenty-one Days from the Day on which fuch Requefl or Application fhall be made to him as aforefaid, and the faid Commiflioners are hereby empowered and required notwithftanding any previous or intervening Adjournment of their Meetings to aflemble at the Time and Place fo to be appointed in order to put into Execution the Powers and Authorities hereby given to and vefted in them, refpefting any Matter for which fuch fpecial Meeting fhall be required, and in cafe the Bufinefs to be tranf-afted at any general or fpecial Meeting of the faid Commiflioners to be held in purfuance of this Aft (hall not be finifhed on or within the Day appointed for fuch Meeting, or if a fuflkienc Number of Commiflioners fhall not attend for that Purpole, then and in fuch Cale any One or more of the Commiflioners who may be then prefent fhall adjourn fuch Meeting to fuch Time and Place or Times and Places as luch One Commiflioner or the major Parc of fuch Commiflioners if there (hall be more than One prefent at any fuch Meeting or Meetings fhall think proper and convenient, but no fuch Adjournment fhall be made for a longer Time than Two Calendar Months, and if it fhall happen that there fhall not appear at any Meeting to be held under the Powers of this Aft any Commiflioner

6	or

48* GEORGn III. Cap. 48.	877

or Corotnifliomrs to adjourn, or if they fhall omit to make an Adjourn* mem, then and in fuch Cafe and as often as the fame (hall happen the Clerk to the Li I Commiflioners (h ill and may by public N Tice to be given in Manner aforefaid appoint the Commiflioners to meet at the Houfr r Place where the lad Mvefng of the laid Comm flioners was appointed to be held or was holden, within Twenty one Days next after the Day on which fuch former Meeting was to have been held or was holden, or any Three or moTe of the faid Comm (Tuners may at env Time or Times revive or continue the Meetings of the Lid Commiflioners by calling another Meeting to be hoiden at fuch Time or Times as any fuch Three Commiflioners (hall appoinr, and at any Place within Fifteen Miles of the faid Cut or Canal or other Works, public Notice being given in ' manner aforefaid by the fame Commiflioners of all fuch Revivals and Continuations of the Lid Meetings ; provided always, that every fpecial Meeting of the faid Commiflioners to be held upon fuch Requeft or Application as aforefaid for hearingor determining any particular Complaint, Controverfy, Difpute, or Difference between the laid Company of Proprietors and any other Ptrfon or Petfons fhall be held at fome Place within Two Miles of the Place where fuch Complaint or Difpute (hall arife.

XX.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiflioners (hall ^°™™j.(r,oner' be and they are hereby authorized and required ac any of their Meetings Power'oex-to examine Wirneffes on Oath to be adminiftered by them, touching amine wit every Matrer which may in purfuance of this Aft be fubmitted to the "ndVcajjaft* Cor.fideration of the faid Commiflioners, and they ate hereby empow- Purchafe ered by Writing under their Hands and Seals to determine and adjuft co^nfation, from Time to Time what Sum or Sums of Money (hall be paid by the *c.

fain Company of Proprietors (either in Grofs or by Annual Rent or Payment) for the abfolute Purchafe of or as a Recompence for the Ufe of the Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments which (hall be fet out and afeertained as afortLid for making the faid Cut or Canal or any Part thereof and for other the Purpofts herein mentioned, and alfo to adjuft and determine the Compensation to be made by the faid Company of Proprietors for any Damages which may or (hall be at any Time or Times hereafter fuftahud by any Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or by any Perfon or Perfons refpeftively being Owners of or inteiefted in any Lands, Grounds, Tenements, Mills, Mines, or other Hereditaments for or by reafon of the fevering or dividing the fame, or by reafon of the making, ufing, repaying, or maintaining the faid Cot or Canal and the Roads, Ways, Puffages, or other Works or Conveniences about the fame, or by the flowing, leaking, or oozing of Water over or through the Banks of the laid Cut or Canal or by diverting the fa d River into the fame, or by the Reafon or Means of the Execution of any of the Powers herein contained.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That if the faid Com- J*rvro ** pany of Proprietors or their Committee for the Time being, or any fuch

Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or any Tiuftee or Truftees, or other Perlon or Perfons fc interefted or entitled as aforelaid, (hall be diffa-tisfied with any fuch Judgment or Determination, and (lull give Notice thereof in Writing to the Clerk to the faid Commiflioners within Twenty-one Days next after the Lme (hall have been made, or (hall refufe or neo-[Loc. Ss* Per.~\	10N	lf&

878	48°GEORGII	III.	Cap.48.

Ie& to fubmit any fuch Matter to the Determination of the fa'd Commif-fioners, or if an) luch Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Truftce or Truftees, or other Perfon or Perfons {hall refufeto receive upon due Tender thereof made fuch Purchafe Money or the firft Payment of fuch Annual Rent or fuch ltecompence as (hall be fo determined to be paid, or (hall upon Notice in Writing given to the principal Officer of any fuch Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to fuch Truftee or Trullees, Perfon or Perlons refpedtively, or Lft at the lad or ufual Place or Places of his, her, or their Abode, or with the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands or other Hereditaments to be made ufe of or affe&ed by virtue of this Acl, for the* Space of Twenty-one Days after fuch Notice, NegleS, or Refufal to treat or (hall not agrte with the faid Company of Proprietors, or by reafon of Abfence or otherwife (hall be prevented from or (hall be incapable of treating as aforefaid, or (hall not within the before mentioned Space of Twenty-one Days produce and fully difclofe the State of the Title to the Premifes which they are or (hall be in Poffeffion of and to the Intereft which they claim therein, then and in every fuch Cafe the faid Commiflioners (hall and they are hereby empowered and required to i(Tue a Warrant under their Hands and Seal? to the Sheriff of the County in which the Matter inQueftion (hall arifr; and in cafe any fuch Sheriff of the County in which the Matter in Qucftion lhr.ll arid or his Under Sheriff (hall be One of the faid Company of Proprietors or enjoy any Office of Piofit orTruft under them, or (hall be otherwife interelled in the Matter in Queftion, then to any One of the Coroners of fuch County who (hall not be fo interelled as aforefaid ; and in cafe all the faid Coroners of fuch Manner of County (hall be fo interefled, then to the lad Perlon who filled the Office jummoning, 0f Sheriff of fuch County and who (hall not be interelled as aforefaid, commanding fuch Sheriff, Coroner, or other Perfon to impannel, fummon, and return a Jury, and the faid Sheriff, Coroner, or other Perfon is hereby required accordingly to impannel, fummon, and return a Jury of Twelve fufficient and indifferent Men qualified according to the Laws of this Realm to be returned for Trials or Iffues in His Majefty’s Courts at Wejlminfter, to appear before the faid Commiflioners at luch Time and Place as in luch Warrant lhall be appointed, fuch Time not being lefs than Eight nor more than Four een Days after fuch Warrant (hall be ferved upon the faid Sheriff, Coroner, or other Perfon; and in cafe a fufficient Number of Jurymen (hall not appear at the Time and Place fo to be appointed as afore, faid, the faid Sheriff, Coroner, or other Perfon fhall return other honed and indifferent Men of the Standers-by or that can (peedily be procured >to attend that Service (being fo qualified as aforefaid) to make up the Lid Jury to the Number of Twelve, and every fuch Jury or Juryman (hall be liable and fubjeft to the fame Regulations and to the fame Pains and Penalties for Default as if he and they had been returned for the Trial of any Iffue joined in any of His Majefty’s Courts at Wcjl-minjicr, and all Parties concerned may have their lawful Challenges againft Power of any of the faid Jurymen, but (hall not challenge the Array ; and the faid Commiflioners are hereby empowered and required by a Summons or Notice Witneft. to be figned by any Three or more of the faid Commiflioners, ei'her previous to or at the Time of any fuch Meeting or Meeting?, to fummon and call before them all and every Perfon or Perfons who lhall be thought ne-ceffary to be examined as a Witnefs or Witneffes touching the Matters in Qudlion, and to hear and examine fuch Witnefs or Witneffes upon Oath, and the faid Commiflioners may order and authorize the faid Jury or any , $jx or more of them to view the Place or Places, or Matter or-Mat.

ters

48° GEORG!I III. Cap.48.

ters in Queftion ; which Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths as well as the Oaths to fuch Perlon or Perfons as fhall be called upon to give Evidence, the faid Commiflioners are hereby empowered to adminifter) fhall enquire of, affefs, and afeertain the Sum of Money or Annual Rent to be paid for thcPurchale or Ufe of fuch Lands or other Hereditaments or the Reco.npence to be made for the Damages that fhall or may be luftained as aforefaid, and fhall alTefs feparate Damages for the fame, and the faid Commiflioners fhall give Judgment for fuch Purchafe Monies, Rent, or Recompence fo to be affeffed by fuch Jury, which laid Verdidt and the Judgment thereupon pronounced as aforefaid fhall be figned by the faid Commiflioners, and fhall be binding and conclufive to all Intents and Purpofes againfl all Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, and all other Perfons, and fhall not be removed by Certiorari or other Procefs into any of His Majefty’s Courts of RecoVd at IVeJhninJier or any other Court, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXII.	And be it further enadteJ, That if the Sheriff or other Perfon fo dire&ed to fummon and return a Jury as aforefaid, or his Deputy or Agent, fhall make Default in the Premifes, he fhall for every (uch Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds; and if any Perfon fo fummoned and returned as aforefaid upon fuch Jury fhall not appear, or appearing fhall refufe to be fworn or to give his Verdict, cr in any other Manner wilfully negleft his Duty contrary to the true Intent of this Adi, or if any Perfon fo lummontd to give Evidence fhall not appear, or appearing fhall refufe to be fworn or examined or to give Evidence, every Perfon fo offending having no reafonable Excufe to be allowed by the faid Commiflioners fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, which feveral and refpedlive Penalties fhall and may be levied by virtue of any Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the faid Commif-fioners by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon fo offending, rendering to him the Overplus after fuch Penalty and the Charges of Diftrefs and Sale fhall be deduced ; and every fuch Penalty which fhall be paid by or recovered from any Perfon who fhall have been fummoned to give Evidence as aforefaid fhall go and be paid to the Pcrfoa or Perfons who fhall appear to the faid Commiflioners to be injured by the Default of fuch Perfon, and all other Penalties as aforefaid fhall be applied in fuch Manner as the faid Commiflioners (hall diredt and appoint.

XXIII.	And be it further enabled. That all and every Perfon and Perfons who in any Examination to be taken by virtue of this Ad fhall wilfully give falfe Evidence before the faid Commiflioners, or before any fuch Jury, or before any Juftice of the Peace ading as fuch in the Execution of this Ad, fhall and may be profecuted for the fame, and upon Convidion thereof fliall be liable to the fame Pains and Penalties as Perfons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are by the Laws in being fubjed and liable to.

XXIV.	And be it further enaded. That whenfoevera Jury is or (hall be called by the Commiflioners as aforefaid, or any Witncfs or Witneffes is, are, or (hall be examined by and before the faid Commiflioners alone, or by and before the faid Commiflioners and Jury jointly as htrein-before direded, the faid Commiflioners fliall and they are hereby required according to their Difcretion to give and award to each of the faid Juror* and ■Witneffes in every fuch Cafe fuch feveral and refpedlive Sum and Sums

879

Jury to affe s Purchafe Monies, Damage, Sec.

Ver<li£t to be final.

Penalties on Sheritfs and Perfons making Default.

Perfons giving falfe Evidence may be profecuted for Peijury

Recompence

to Jury and Witneffes.

$8o	4S"GE0RGI1	III.	Cap,46,

of Money as (hall be a reafonable Recompcnce for the Expences and By wham to b* trouble °f their Journey and Attendance; and in each and every Cafe paid,	where a Verdift (hall be given tor more Money or for a greater Annual

Rent as a Recompcnce or Satisfaction for the abfolute Sale of any Lands or Hereditaments of any Perfon or!>Perfons whomsoever, or as a Compenfa-tion for any Damages done or to be done to fuch Lands or other Hereditaments or Property than had been previoufly offered by or on Behalf of the faid Company of Proprietors before die Meeting of the faid Com-miflioners, or than had been by them determined and affeffed as aforefaid, or where any VerdiCt (hall be found for any Damages where the Difputc is for Damages only and where no Compeniaiion had been previoufly offered or tendered in refpeft thereof by or on Behalf of the faid Company of Proprietors, or where by Reafon of Ablence or other Impediment or Difability, there (hall not be found any Perfon or Perlons at hand who may be legally by virtue of the Powers of this A6t or otherwise capacitated to enter into a Contract with and make Conveyances to and receive Com-penfation from the faid Company of Proprietors as herein-befure mentioned, then and in all fuch Cafes all the Expences of calling (uch Com-miflioners, fummoning fuch Jury, and taking fuch VerdiCt, (ball be fettled by the faid Commifiioners and be defrayed by the faid Company of Proprietors, but if any VerdiCt (hall be given for the fame Sum or Rent that had been previoufly offered by or on Behalf of the Company of Proprietors, or had been Co determined or affeffed by the faid Commifiioners, or for a lets Sum than had been fo previoufly offered, determined, or affeffed, or in cafe no Damges (hail be given by the VerdiCt where the Difpute is for Damages only, or in cafe of fuch Relu'.al to enter into Treaty with or make Conveyances to or receive Compenfation from the faid Company of Proprietors, by any Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or by any Perfon or Perlons whomfoever who is or are by the Proviuons of this A& or other-wife legally capacitated to treat and convey or receive fuch Compenfations as aforefaid, then and in all fuch Cafes (except when by reafon of Ablence or otherwife any Perfon (hall have been prevented from treating and agreeing as aforefaid), the Cods and Expences of calling a Meeting of fuch Commifiioners, fummoning fuch Juty, and taking fuch Verdiit (hall be fettled in like Manner by the (aid Commifiioners, and be borne and paid by the Perfon or Perlons with whom the faid Company of Proprietors (hall have had fuch Concerns, Controverfies, or Difputes, which faid Cofts and Expences having been fo fettled (hall and may be deduded out of the Monies fo affeffed and adjudged as fo much Money advanced to and for the Ufe of luch Perfon or Perfons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of fuch Sum or Sums of Money (hall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purpofes to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums fo affeffed and adjudged, in cafe fuch Cofis and Expences (hall not exceed the Amount of the Sum or Sums fo affeffed and adjudged •, but if it (hall happen to exceed the fame, then the Balance may be recovered by the (aid Company of Ptoprietors sgainfl: the Perfon or Peifons with whom they lliall have had fuch Concern, Controverfy, or Ditpu e i y anAffion of Debt or on the Cafe in any of Kis [Vjajefty’i Courts of Record at WeUminJler, or in the Court ot Pleas at Durham.

Peifons re- XXV. And be it further ena&ed, T hat all and every Perfon or Perfons > f to6enter makmg Complaint and requefting a Jury to be iummoned (hall before into a Bond,	9	the



88t

48* GEORG 11 III. Cap. 48.

the faid Commifiioners (hall iffue oat their Warrant for that Purpofe, enter into a Bond with Two fufficient Sureties to the Treal'urer to the faid Company of Proprietors in a Penalty of One hundred Pounds with Condition to prolecute his, her, or their faid Complainr, and to bear and pay the Coifs and Expencesof fummoning fuch Jury and taking fuch Verdift in cafe the fame (hall be given for no greater or for a lefs Sum or Rent than had been offl-red by or on Behalf of the faid Company of Proprietors, or than had been affffed by the Commifiioners before the fummoning and returning the faid Jury or Juries for the Purchafe of or as a Recompence for any Lands or Hereditaments, or as a Compenfation for any Damages, or in cafe no VerdiCi fhall be found for Damages where the whole Difpute was whether any Damage was or was not done as aforefaid.

XXVI.	And be it further enaffed. That the faid Commiilioners lhall not nor lhall any of them be obliged or allowed by virtue of this A£t to receive or take Notice of any Complaint or Complaints to be made by any Perlon or Perfons whomsoever for any Injury or Damage by him, her, or them fuitained or foppofed to be fultained by virtue or in confequence of this ACt, unlefs Application lhall have been made in relation thereto by or on Behalf of fuch Pcrfon cr Perfons to the faid Company of Proprietors, or to their Treal'urer cr Clerk, or to their known Agent or Agents Fourteen Days at the lead before fuch Complainr. lhall be made to the faid Commifiioners, and within the Space of Three Calendar Months next after the Time that fuch fuppofed Injury or Damages (hall have been fuftained, or the doing or committing thereof lhall have ceafed.

XXVII.	And be it further enabled, That full Recompence and Satisfaction lhall be made by the faid Company of Proprietors for all the Tythcs both Great and Small of the Lands which fhall or may betaken cr made ufc of by the faid Company for the Purpofes and in purfuance of the Powers of this Act, to the refpedtive Perfons entitled or who would have been entitled to luch Tvthes in cafe fuch Lands had not been fo taken or made ufe of according to their refpcCfive Intereft therein, fuch Tythes to be eftimated at the average Value of Four Years, commencing at Michaelmas One thouiand eighc hundred and four, fuch average Value to be afeertained (in cafe of any Difference concerning the fame) in like Manner as the Value of any Lands or other Hereditaments is herein-before direCfed to be afeertained j provided always, that the Recorn* pence and Satisfaction to be given by virtue of this Ad for all the Glebe Lands and Tythes belonging :o fpiritual Perfons fhall be made to fuch Perfons by an Annual Kent.

XXVIII.	And be it further cnaded. That the faid Chmmiffioners and Juries rcfpiCtively fhall award ail Determinations, Judgements, and Verdids which they lhall rcfpedivcly make and give in the Execution of the Powers hereby veiled in them concerning the Value of Lands and other Heieditamcnts, fepatately and diftinCtly from the Confideration of any other Damages fultained or to be fufiained by any Perlon or Perfons in confequence of the Execution of any of the Powers of this ACt, and fhall citlinguilh the Value fit upon the Lands and other Hereditaments, and the Money affiled or adjudged for luch Damages as aforelaid, feparatdy and apart from each orher.

\_Lu. & Per.']	10	0

Complaint to be made with, in a certain Time.

Compenfation to be made for Tythes.

Value of Land andConfideia-

tion for Damages to be a» arrted teparately.

XXIX. And

88a

Power for the Company to enter onLanilj and onTender, t/c. of Pur-clufe Money.

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 48.

XXIX.	And in order that the faid Company of Proprietors may not be impeded in the Profccuiion of thtir faid Undertaking, by Means of any fuch Proceeding before the faid Commiffioners or Jury, be it further ena&ed, That either upon Payment or legal Tender of fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or giving fuch Security as the faid CommifTiontrs lhall approve for Payment of any fuch Annual Rent as fhall have been contradict! or agreed for between the Parties, or adjufted and determined by the faid Commiffioners, or affefled by fuch Juries in Manner refpedtivcly as afo efaid, for the Purchafc of any fuch Lands, Tythes, or other Hereditaments, or as a Recompence for the Yearly Produce or Profits thereof, or as a Compenfation for Damages as herein-before mentioned to the Proprietor or Proprietors of fuch Lands and Prcmifes, or to fuch other Perfon or Perfons as fhall be interefted therein or entitled to receive fuch Money, Rent, or Compenfation rtfpedtively, at any Time after the fame fhall have been adtually fo agreed for, determined, or affefled, or upon the faid Company’s previoufly giving fuch Secuiity as the faid Com-miflioners fhall approve for the future Payment of fuch Sum of Money, or for duly fecuring fuch Annual Rent when the Amount thereof fhall be fixed by the faid Commiffioners or Jury as aforefaid •, or if the Perfon or Ptrfons interefted in the faid Lands or Hereditaments fhall not be able to make a good Title thereto, to the Satisfaction cf the faid Company, cr fhall refufe to receive the Sum or Sums awarded to him, her, or them by the faid Commiffioners or Jury, or to execute a Conveyance, or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons ro whom fuch Sum or Sums fhall be fo awarded as aforefaid cannot be found, cr if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands or Hereditaments be noc known or difeovtred, then and in any of thefe Cafes upon Payment of the laiJ Sum cr Sums of Money into the Bank of England, cr upon the faid Company's giving previoufly fuch Security as the faid Commiffioners lhall approve for the future Payment of fuch Monty as fhall be fixed by the Card Copimiflioners or Jury as aforefaid, then and in all or any of the Lid Cales as often as the fame fhall happen, it fhall be lawful for the faid Company of Proprietors and their Agents, Wo kmen, and Servants, immediately to enter upon the Lands, Tenement , and other Hereditaments reflectively (or before fuch Payment or Tender, or Securiry given by Leave of the Owners and Occupiers thereof) and then and thereupon fuch Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, togetner with the Yearly Profits thereof, and all the Eftate, Ufe, 1 ruft, and Intereft of any Perlon or Perfons therein, fhall from thenceforth be vefted in and become the foie Property of the faid Company of Proprietors and their Succeffors to and for the Purpofes of this Aft for ever; and fuch Tender, Payment, Invcft-ntent, or Depofit, or the giving of fuch Security for the fame as aforefaid, fhall not only bar all Right, Title, Claim, Intereft, and Demand of the Perfon 01 Perfons to whom the fame fhall or ought to have been madr, but alfo fhall extend to and be deemed and conftrued to bar the Dower of the Wife of every fuch Perfon and all Eftates Tail and other Eftates in Reverfion and Remainder of his, her, or their Iffue, and of every other Petfon whomfoever therein; provided ntverthelcfs, that befote fuch Payment, Tender, Inveftmenr, Depofit, or Security as a'orefaid, it fhall not be lawful for the faid Company of Proprietors or any Perfon atting under their Authority to dig or cut the Lands or Grounds of the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Payment or Security, for the Purpoles of making the faid Canal, Roads, Ways, or Works, without the Conltnt cf fuch Ptrfun or Perfons relpetlively.

XXX. And

4S° GEORG1I III. Cap. 48.

XXX.	And be it further ena&ed, That all the Determinations of the Did Commiflioners which (hall be fubmitted to and acquielced in by the Parties concerned, and alfo the faid Judgments and Vetdi&s (hall be tranf* mitted to and be kept by the refpe&ive Clerks of * he Peace or other Per-fons having the Cuftody of the Records of the Quarter Scflions for fuch County or Riding refpeftively wherein the Matter in Queftion (hall happen, and (hall be deemed to be Records of fuch Quarter SefTions to all Intents and Purpofes ; and the fame or true Copies thereof (hall be allowed to be good Evidence in all Courts whatfoever, and all Perfons fhall have Liberty to inlpeft the fame, paying for fuch Infpedtion the Sum of One Shilling, and to have Copies thereof, paying for every Copy the Sum of Sixpence for every Hundred Words, and fo in proportion for any lefs Number of Words.

XXXI.	And be it further enaSfd, That all Sums of Money which fhall be agreed or awarded, affeffed 01 adjudged to be paid to any Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to any Feoffees in Truft, Hufbands, Guar-diars, Committees, or other Ttuftees, or Perfons afting as Guardians, Committees, or Truftees for or on Behalf of any Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Ceftuique Trufts, or to any Perfon or Perfons whofe Lands or Eftates are limited in ftrift or other Settlement, or to any Perfon under any other Dilability for the Purchafe or Recompence of or the Damage to be done to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments by virtue of the Powers herein contained, fhall be paid and applied in Manner following (that is to fay) in cafe the fame fhall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, the fame fhall with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Tees Navigation Company, together with the Name or Names of fuch Perfon or Perfons as Three of the Commiflioners for ex* ecuting this Aft fhall by Writing under their Hands direft or appoint, although they may not be aflrmbled at any Meeting to be held by virtue of this Aft, to the Intent that fuch Money fhall be paid under the Direction and with the Approbation of the faid Court (to oe figmfied by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a lummary Way by the Perfon or Prfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid L>nds, Tenements, or Hereditaments) in the Purchafe or Redemption of the Land TjX or Dtfcharge cf any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrance cr Part thereof as the faid Court fhall authorize to be paid afFcfling the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affefting other i.ands. Tenements, or Hereditaments, (binding fettled to the fame or the like Ules, Intents, or Purpofes, or where fuch Money fhall not be fo applied, then the fame fhall be laid out and invefted under the Direction and Approbation of the faid Court in the Purchafe cf other Mefiuages, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which fhall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trufts, Intents, and Pu pofes, and in the fame Manner as the Pretnifcs which fhall be fo purchafed, taken, ufed, ot damaged as aforefaid flood limited or fettled, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyances and Settlement fhall be exifting undetermined and capable of taking Etfcft ; and in the mean Time and until fuch Purcha'e fhall be made, the faid Money fhall by the Order of the Courc of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the faid Accountant General in his Name in the Pur-chale of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated Bank Annuities, or Three

Pounds

883

Determination of Com-miflionert and Judgment, Verdiits, See. to be transmitted to and kept with the Clerk of the Peace.

Application of Moniet awarded to Bodies Politic, etc.

83*



Pur'chafe Money to be p»iit into the Bank of # tug!and in cej tain C\fcf.



48’ GEORGII III. Cap.4$.

Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities-, and in the mean Time and until the faid Bank Annuities (hall be ordered by the faid Courc to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and Annual Proceeds of the faidConfoli* dated or Reduced Bank Annuities (hall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the faid Court to the Perfon or Pcrfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits ot che faid Lands, Tene-ments, or Hereditaments fo hereby dire&ed to be purchafed in cafe fuch Purchale or Settlement were made; but in cafe any Monies fo agreed, awarded, affcfled, or adjudged to be paid for or in refpeft of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments belonging to any Corporation or to any fuch other Perfon orPerfonsas laft herein-belore mentioned, and which Monies would by virtue of this Adt in cafe the fame amounted to Two hundred Pounds or upwards be payable into the Bank of England, as aforefaid, lhall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and (hall be equal to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame (hail, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents andProfis of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in refpecl whereof the fame (hall be paid, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, Truftee or Truftees, or other Perfon or Perfons ading as fuch as aforefaid, to be figned in Writing under their refpedtive Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwife the lame (hall be paid at the like Option to Two Truftees to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option and approved of by Three or more of the faid Commiflioners for executing this Act, though they may not be affembled at any Meeting of the faid CommilFioners (Tucli Nomination and Approbation to be figned in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that fuch Principal Money and the Dividends arifing thereon may be applied in any Manner herein before directed fo far as the Cafe (hall be applicable without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery ; but in cafe fuch Money fo agreed, awarded, affcfled, or adjudged to be paid as laft herein-before mentioned, (hall not be equal to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame (hall be applied to the Ule of the Perfon or Perfons, who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in refped whereof the fame (hall be paid, in fuch Manner as the faid Commiflioners or any Five or more of them whether affembled at a general Meeting or not (hall think fit, or to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, Truftee or Truftees, or other Perfon or Perfons ading as fuch, to and for the Ufe of fuch Kr-fon or Perfons fo entitled relpedively ; and the Receipt or Receipts of the Perfon of Perfons to whom the faid Commiflioners, or any Five of them as aforefaid, (nail diredt ihe lame to be paid lhall be fufficient Dif-charges for the fame.

XXXII.	And be it further cnafh-d, That in cafe the Perfon or Per. fons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money (hall be awarded, afiefi'ed, or adjudgi-d for the Purchale of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafid by virtue of this A ft, (hall refule to accept the fame or (hall not be able to make a good Title to the Pienntes to the Satisfaftion

3	of



48° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.	885

of the (aid Company of Proprietors, or in cafe Rich Prrfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money fhall be fo awarded, afleffed, or adjudged as afurefaid cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or difeovered, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Company of Proprietors, to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded as aforefaid to be paid into the Bank ot England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the laid Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditament' [deferibing them] fubjeft to the Order, Con-troul, and Difpofttion of the laid Court of Chancery, which laid Court on the Applicat on of any Pcrfon or Petfons making Claim to luch Sum or Sums of Money or any Part or Parts thereof by Motion or Petition,

(hall be and is hereby empowered in a fummary Way of Proceeding or otherwife as to the lame Court (hall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Diflribution thereof or Payment of the Dividends thereof according to the refpeftive Eftate or Eftates, Title or Intereft, of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch Order in the Premiles as to the faid Court (hall leem juft and rcafonable; and the Calhier or Cafliiers of the Bank of England who (hall receive luch Sum or Sums of Money is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums ot Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are receive *, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as lhall pay any Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aferefaid.

XXXIII.	ProvideJ always, and be it further enafted, That where any Perron in Qjefticn lhall aril'e touching the Title of any Perfon or Perfons to any bed«m"d° Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Pri- well entitled vity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in purfuance of “"itniry'be this Aft, for the Purchafe of or as a Recompence for any Lands, Tene- flievm. ments, or Hereditaments, or of any Eftate, Right, or Intereft in any Lands, Ttnmients, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed or taken, in purfuance of this Aft, or as a Recompence or Sutisfaftion tor any Damages to be done by virtue of the Powers heiein contained, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money or the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perldns who fhall have been in Pcf-feflian of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in refpeft whereof fuch Money lhall have been fo paid at the Time of palling this Aft ; and all Peifuns claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons or under the PolTcflion of luch Peifon or Perfons fhall be deemed and taktn to have been law-lully entitled to luch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments according to fuch Pofleilion, unril the contrary lhall be Ihewn to ihe Satisfaction of the laid Cou.t of Chancery ; and the Dividends or Intereft ot the Bank Annuities to be putchaled with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, fhall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it fhall t>e made appear to the hid Couic that luch Pofieflion was a wrongful Pofli (lion, and (hat fome other Peifon or Perfons was or were lawfully ent tied to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to lomc Eftate or Intereft therein.

XXXIV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That where by reafon of any Dif.bility or Incapacity of ihe Perfon or Peifons, or Corporation jLoc. Es* Per.]	to P	entitled

£xpeiicei of Purchafe. to lie paid by the Company of Proprietor*,

886

Provtfion as to Reco'r pence for Damages or Injury not hi fore provided for.

48* GEORG 11 III. Cap. 48.

entitled to any fuch Lands, Tenements, or Ile'editaments, the Purchafe Money whereof lhall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be fettled to the like Ufcs in puifuanre of this Aft, it lhall be lawful for the faid Court of Chancery to order the Expence* of all Purchafes from Time to Time to be made in purluance of this Aft, or fo much of fuch Expences as to the faid Court lhall leeni reafonable, to be paid by the faid Company of Proprietors out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Aft, who lhall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the Lid Court lhall diteft.

XXXV.	And be it further tnsfted, That if any Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, at any Time after the faid Company of Proprietors or any Perfon or Perfons employed or authorized by them lhali have begun to carry this Aft into Execution (hall happen to foftain any Damage or Injury in his, her, or their Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatfoevtr by any Aft, Negieft, or Default of the laid Company of Proprietors or their Agents, Workmen, or Servants, or by rea-ion of any Alteration which lhall be made by them or any of them in the Works to be done by virtue of this Aft, for which fuch Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, (hail have had no Recompence or Satisfaftion, or for which no Recompence or Satisfaction is hereby otherwife provided, then and in every fuch Cafe if the faid Company of Proprietors or their SuccelTors, or their Agent or Agents, and the Party or Parties by whom fucli Damages (hall be fuftained lhall not agree touching fuch Damages, the laid Company of Proprietors or their Agent or Agents and alio eveiy fuch Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate who lhall I'ultain fuch Damages or Injury fhall and may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to enquire of and ascertain fnch Damages by a Jury to be impannelled and returned in Manner aforefaid, and who lhall give Judgment for the Parry or Parties aggrieved and record the fame refpeftively, in the fame Manner and Form as the Damages and Recompence are hereby appointed to be aflefled and adjudged lor any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which lhall any ways be made ufe of, cut, or damaged in the Execution of any of the Powers of this Aft, and in cafe the faid Company of Proprietors or their Agent or Agents lhall not, being thereunto required, fatisfy and recompence luch Damages or Injury as lhall be fo aflefled and fettled as aforefaid within Twenty-one Days after fuch Requelt made as aforefaid, it (hall be lawful for tile Perfon or Perfons aggrieved to appoint One or more Perfon or Pcrlons to receive the Rates and Duties on Tonnage to abfe by virtue of this Aft and thereout to pay all fuch Damages fo to be all'clTed and fettled as aforefaid, and the Money to be received by fuch Receiver or Receivers lhall and is hereby declartd to be as fo much Money received to the Ufe of luch Perfon or Perfons receiving Damage or Injury as aforefaid in Older and Coutfe fucceflively as fuch Determination lhall be in priority of l ime, and after luch Damages fo fettled and all'clTed as aforefaid lhall be paid and fatisfied, the Power and Authority of luch Receiver or Receivers for the Purpofcs lift mentioned lhall ceafe and determine, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. And



4.SaGE0RGII III. Cap. 48.

XXXVI And be it further enacted. That every Tenant at Will or Leffee fora Year or any ether Pcrion or Perlons in Poffeffion of any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments or any Parc thereof wtiich (hall be taken or ufed for the Purpofes of this Act, and who (hall have no greater Interelt in thePranifes than as Tenant at Will or Leffee for a Year or from Year to Year, (hall deliver up the Poffefiion of fuch Premifes to the (aid Company of PruprietO's or to fuch Pei Ion or Pci ions as they (hall appoinc to take Puffdlion of the fame upon having Two Calendar Months Notice to quit luch Poflcflion frem the faid Company or from the Pcrion or Per-fons fo authorized by them ; and luch Perlon or Perfons in Poffelhon (hall at the End of the laid Two Calendar Months, whether fuch Notice be given with Reference to the 1 ime or Times of fuch Tenants holding of no', cr fo foon after as he, (he, or they (hall 'be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the PoflefTion of the faid Piemifes to the laid Company or the Pcrfori or Perfons authorized by them to uke Pufl'cflion thereof; and in cafe any fuch Perfon or Pcifans fo in Poflcflion as aforefaid (ball refulc to give fuch Pofftflion as aforefaid, it (hall be lawful for the faid Company to iflfue their Piecept or Precepts to the Sheriff of the County in whuh the Premifes (bail be iituate, to deliver Pofltflion of the faid Piemifes to (uch Perfon or Perfons as (hall in fuch Prectpt or Precepcs be nominated to receive the fame, and the faid Sheriff is hereby required to deliver PolT (fi >n of the faid Premifes accordingly, and to levy luch Cofts as (hall accrue tiom the iffuing and Execution of fuch Precept or Precepts on the Perfon or Perfons fo refufmg to give Poflcflion as aforefaid, by Dfllrcfs and Sale ot his, her, or their Good-,

XXXVII,	And be it fu tber enacted, That all and every Perfon and Perfons who (hall have any Mortgage cr Mortgages on fuch Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments not bemg in Poffellion thereof by virtue of fuch Mortgage or Mortgages (hall on the Tender of the principal Money and Intercft due thereon, together with the Amount of Six Calendar Months Iutercft on the faid Principal by the faid Company or by fuch Perfon or Perfons as they Goaf] appoint immediately convey, aflign,and transfer Rich Moitg.ige or Mortgages to the laid Company or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they Thai 1 appoint, or in cafe fuch Moitgagee or Mortgagees fhall have Notice in Writing from the faid Company or from fuch Pei fon or Perfons as they (hall appoint, that they will pay off and dfeharge the principal Mcney and Intercft which fhall be due on the faid Mortgage or Mortgages at the End or Expiration of Six Calendar Months to be computed from the Day of giving fuch Notice, that then at the End of the faid Six Calendar Months on Payment of the Principal and Intercft fo due, fuch Mortgagee or Mortgagees (hall convey, aflign, and transfer his, her, or their Intend in the Premifes to the la d Company or to fuch Perlon or Perfons as (hall be appointed in Truft for them, and in cafe fuch Mortgagee or Mortgagees (ball refulc to convey and aflign as aforefaid on fuch Tender or Payment, that then all Intereft on every fuch Mortgage (hall from thenceforth cealc and determine: Provided always, that in cafe the Sum due upon any fuch Mortgage or Mortgages with all Intercft due thereon fhall amount to more than the real Value of the Premifes to be afeertained as diredbed by this A£f, then the faid Company of Proprietors fhall not be liable to pay to the Mortgagee or Mortgagees more than fuch real Value of fuch Premifes fo alcertained as aforefaid; provided alfo; that in cafe any fuch Mortgagee or Mortgagees (hall nrgitft orrefufe to convey or aflign

as

887

Tenants at Will or tor Years to quit Lands, etc. after Notice,

Mortpag- - 1 convey after 'lender.

888

Commiffioners to apportion Fui chafe Monies and Compenfation tor Damages-

Capital to be railed-

Application

thereof-

Nun ber of Shaies to be held by One Pcrlon.

48° GEORGII III. Cap.48.

as aforefaid, then upon Payment of the principal Money andlntereft due on any Moitgage as aforefaid into the Bank of England at the End of Six Calendar Months from the Day of giving fuch Notice as afortfiid for the Ufe of the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, the C fhier or Calhiers of the Bank lhali give a Receipt or Receipts for the laid Money in like Manner as is herein-before directed in Cafes of other Payments into the Bank, and thereupon all the Elfate, Righr, Title, Intereft, Ufe, Tiulf, Property, Claim, and Demand of the faid Mortgagee or Mortgagees and of all and every Pcrfon and Perfons in Truft for him, her, or them lhali veil in the faid Company, and they lhali be deemed to be in the aftual PolfelTion of the Premifes comprifed in fuch Mortgage or Mortgages to all Intents and Purpofes w hatfuever.

XXXVIII,	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiflioners (hall be and are hereby empowered to fettle what Shares and Proportions of the Purchafe Money or Compenfation for Damages which (hall be fo agreed for, detei mined, and adjufled, or adcllcd in Manner refpeftively as aforefaid, (hall be allowed for any Tenant or other Perfon or Pcrlons having a particular Ellate, Term, or Inured in the Premifes for his, her, or their refpeftive Intered therein.

XXXIX.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Company of Proprietors to raile and contribute amongd themlelves in fuch Proportions as they lhali think proper a Sum of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Seven ihouland Pounds, (except as heiein-after mentioned) which faid Sum of Money (hall be laid out and applied in the fird Place in difeharging the Expences ot obtaining and palling this Aft and of the Surveys, Plans, and Edirr.ates, and other incidental Expences relating thereto, and then for and towards the making, compleat-ing, and maintaining the faid Cut or Canal, and improving fuch Part or Parts of the Navigation of the faid River Tees as herein-befere mentioned, and othtrwife for putting this Aft in Execution, and that the faid Sum of Seven thoufand Pjunds fhall be divided into Shares of Fifty Pounds each, and that no Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or Perfons fubferibing thereto or becoming a Proprietor in the faid Undertaking do become a Proprietor of lels than One Share, or in any Event more than Seven Shates, either in his or her own Name or in the Name or N ones of any other Pcrlon or Pet funs in Trud for him or her (unlefs the fame (hall come to him, her, or them, by Will, Bequeft, Defcent, Right of Adminidration, Didribution, Settlement, or Marriage) upon pain of forfeiting to the laid Company of Proprietors all fuch Shares exceeding Seven Shares, and that the faid Shares (hall be and are hereby veded in the feveral Perfons and Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, fo raifmg and contributing the fame, and their leveral and refpeftive Executors, Arlminidrators, SuccelFors, and Afligns to their and every of their proper Ufe and Benefit pioporticnably to the Sums they (hall feverally raile and contribute ; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, and all Perfons, their feveral and refpeftive Succelfors, Executors, Ad-minidrators, and Alhgns, who (hall levcrally lubl'cribc for one or more Share or Share', (hall be entitled to and receive after the faid Cut or Canal and other Woiks immediately connrfted therewith (hall be com-pleated after tl e Rate of Ten per Centum per Annum upon the Capital tr Sums aftually advanced and paid by them refpeftively for the Pur-

48® GEORG 11 III. Cap. 48.	889

pofes of this Aft to be computed from the Time or Times of advancing and paying the fame, and to be paid yearly by and out of the Piofits and Advantages that (hall and may arife and accrue by the Tonnage, Rates, and other Sums of Money, to be railed, recovered, or received by the laid Compiny of Proprietors by the Authority of this Aft, and every Body Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, and Peifons having fuch Property in the laid Undertaking as afoiefaid, (ball bear and pay a proportionable Sum towards cariying on the fame in Manner herein direded and appointed.

XL. And be it further enafted, That all and every the Shares and	be

Proportions of all Budies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, and all Eitates. other Perfon or Perfons of and in the laid Undertaking or the Joint Stock or Fund of the faid Company of Proprietors ihall be deemed Per-fonal Eflate and tranfniiiTible as fuch, and not of the Nature of Real Property.

XLI. And be it further enafted, That every B idy Politic, Corporate Right of v»t-and Collegiate, and every Perfon who lhall by virtue of this Aft have ^tou* fublcribed or undertaken for one or more Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking, his, her, or their refptftive Succeffors, Executors, Admi-niftiators, and AlTigns, fhal! have a Vote tor every luch Share, but noc exceeding Three Votes in the whole, (although poiTcfled of more than Three Shares) in the ftated and fptcal general AiTemblics to be held as herein appointed fur carrying on the Undertaking, which Vote or Votes fhal! and may be given by them, him, or her in Perfon only, and not by any Proxies or Proxy appointed by them, him, or her, and every Quet-tion. Matter or Thing which lhall be propofed, difcuffed, or confidered in any ftated or fpecial general AfTembly of the laid Company of Proprietors (hail be determined by the Majority of Votes then prefent, computing One Vote to every Share, provided nevtrthelefs, that no Petfon !hall voce for more than Three Shares as-aforefaid; and at every ftated or Chairman to fpecial gentral AfTembly of the Company of Proprietors, One of the Pro- bc aPP°‘n‘c'1-prietors prefent fhall be appointed Chairman, anJ lhall not only vote as a Proprietor, but in cafe of an Equality of Votes lhall have the decifive or carting Vote.

XLII. And be it further enafted. That in cafe the Money hercin-be- p0w?r to raife fore authorized to be raifed lhall be found infufficient for the making, com-pleating, and maintaining of the laid Cut or Canal and other the Works and Improvements hereby authorized to be made and ail nectflary Charges and Expenses relating thereto, then and in fuch Cafe it lhall be lawful tor the faid Company of Propru tors to raife and contribute amongft themlelves in Manner and Form aforefaidand in fuch Shares and Proportion as to them lhall feem meet, or to raife by the Admiffion of new Subfcribers, any further or other Sum of Money for compleating and perfefting the faid Undertaking, noc exceeding the Sum of Five thottfand Pounds, and every Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Perfon being a Subfcriber towards raifing fuch further or other Sum of Money fhall be a Proprietor in the faid .Undertaking, and lhall have a like Vote by themlelves, himfelf, or herfelf in refpeft of his, her, or their Share or Shares, and fhall alio be liable to fuch Forfeitures and [Lee. b5 Per.] *	io	{land.

89°

Power to rii.e Money on Mortgage.

Form •{ /fiignmrnt.

Memorial to be regtftered

AfTefTments to be transferable.

48'* GEORG 11 III. Cap. 48. .

ftand interefted in all the Profits of the Paid Undertaking in proportion to his, her, or their Share or Shares, as generally and rxrenfively to all Intents and Purpofes as if fuch further cr other Sum hereby allowed to be fubfcribed lor and raifed had originally been Part of the laid Sum of Seven thoufand Pounds : Provided always, that in cafe the laid Com-pany of Proprietors or the Committee to be appointed by virtue of this Adi fhall he defirous of railing the (aid Sum of Five tnoufand Pounds or any Part ihereof by Mortgage of the laid Undertaking, it fhall be law-ful for the faid Company of Proprietors or their Commirtee to bor;ow and take up at Interell all or any Part of the faid Sum of Five thoufand Pounds on the Credit of the faid Undertaking, and to aflign the Property of the fame Undertakng, and the Tonnage Kates arifingor to arfe to the faid Company of Proprietor by virtue of this Adi or any Part thereof (the Cods and Charges of afligning the fame to be paid out of futh Rates) as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money lb to be borro wed with Intcred to fuch Pcrfon or Perlon?, or to his, her, or their Trudee or Truftees who fhall advance the feme, all which laid Aflignments (hall be made under the Common Seal of the faiJ Company of Proprietors, in the Form and Effeft following ; (that is to fay),

*	virtue	of	an	Aft	made	in	the	Forty-eighth Year of the Reign cf

*	■*“* K'ng George the Third, intituled, \infirt the Title cf this A£i\ We,

*	the Tees Navigation Company incorporated by and under the fain Act,

*	in Ccnlideration of the Sum of	to	us	in	Hand

‘ paid by A. B.	of	do	hereby	bargain,	fell,

*	and aflign unto the faid A. B.	Ex-cutors,	Adminidrators,

c and Afligns, the Lid Cut cr Canal and all the Works thereto belonging, ‘ and all and Angular the Tonnage Rates arifing and payable to us by

*	virtue of the laid Aft, and all our Edate, Right, Title, and Iiuerell

*	of, in, and to the fame, to hold unto the faid A. B.	his

*	Executors, Adminidrators, and Afligns, until the faid Sum of

*	with	Intered	for	the	fame after the Ra e of

‘ per Centum per Annum fhall be fully paid and fatufied. Given under our

*	Common Seal this	Day of

And all Perfons to whom fuch Afilgnments (hall be made fhall be equally

entitled one with the other to their Proportion of the faid Rates and Pre-mifes according to the refpeftive Sums in fuch Adignmenis mentioned to be advanced, withouc any Preference by reafon of the Priority of any fuch Alignment ; and a Memorial of every fuch Affignment containing the Date, Name or Names, Addition or Additions of the Pcrfon or Perfons to whom made, the Sum of Money borrowed and Ra'e of Intered, lhali within Thirty Days from the Date of every fuch Affignment to be entered in One or more Book or Books to be kept by the Clerk to the faid Company of Proprietors, which Book or Books fhall and may be peruicd at all reafonable Times by any of the Proprietors or Creditors of the faid Undertaking and any other Pei Tons interefted therein without Fee or Reward; and the Perfon or Perfons to whom any fuch Affignment fhall be made as aforefaid, or wito fhall be either by any Transfer thereof or otherwife entitled to the Money due thereon, and hi?, her, or their refpeftive Executors, Adminidrators or Afligns fhall and may from Time to Time, as often as Occafion fhall tequire, transfer his, her, or their Right or Intered therein to any Perlon or Perfons

by

Sgi

Form of Transfer.

48° GEORGII III. Cap.48.

by Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to lay),

4 T A. B. t f	in Confidetatior! of die Sum of

4 A paid by C. D. of	do	hereby	transfer	a certain Mort-

4 gage male by the Tees Navigation Company to	bearing	'

4 Date the	Day of	for fecuring the Sum of

4	and	all Int-reft now due and to become due thereon, ard

4 all my Right and Property therein, to the faid C. D.	Executors,

4 Admtntftiators, and Affigrss. Dated th s	Day	of

And every fuch Transfer (hall within Thirty Days after the Date	be

thereof be produce! by the Clerk to the (aid Company of Proprietors ‘t*1 'le

who (hall caufe a Memorial to be made thereof in I ke Manner as if the

original Mortgage or Aliignment, for whicn the faid Clerk (hail be paid fuch

Sum as the faid Company of Proprietors (hall appoint not exceeding

Two Shillings and Sixpence ; and every (uch Mortgage or Security

may be again afligned and transferred and fo from Time to Time

as often as Cccafioo (liail require; and every fuch Eniry made of

iuch Transfer (hill liom themcionh entitle luch Adigr.ee or AiTignees,

his, her, or their Executors, A.lmini(ba.orf, and Affigns to the full Benefit

of the original Morrgage, and it fh_ll not be in the Power of any other

than the Pcrlon or Ferfons to whom the fame (hall be laft alfigned as

aforcf.iid, his, lier, or their refpedive Executors or Adminiftrators to

make void, icleafe, or difeharge the original Mortgage or any Money

th-reby fecured or any Part thereof; and the Ioterrft of the Money which Interefttobe

(hill be borrowed or tailed by Mongage as aforelaid .(ball be provided U* l',Halt

for and paid Half Yearly to the levcral Pcrfons entitled thereto, in pre- ’

ference to any Imerrft or Dividends due and payable by virtue of this

Aft to the laid C nnpany of Proprietors or to any of them.

XL.III. Provided always, and be it enacted. That no Sum or Sums of Mortgage not Money fo lent and advanced on Mortgage /hill be paid off and difeharged IfinTout (lave and except with the Confent or Confents of the Pcrfon or Pcrlons Notes, io lending or advancing fuch Sum or Sums of Monty) unlefs Six Calendar Months previous Notice under the Common Seal of the faid Company of Proprietors (hall have been given to the Peribn or Pcrlons lending or advancing fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or left at his, her, or their laft or ufual Place or Places of Abode of fuch their Intention to pay off and difeharge the lame.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it enafted, That no Sum or Sums of Nor called m Money I'oh ntand advance 1 on Mortgage (hall be required to be paid off w.nj,01uNo-[pnd dtfeharged unlefs Three Calendar Months previous Noti. e under the Hand or Hands of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time beinst entitled to fuch Sum or Sums of Money fnall have been given to the faid Company of. Pioprittors or to their i'real'urer or Cl-rk or known Agent or Agents, or left at the ideal Place or Places of Abode of fuch Treafurer or Clerk or known Agent or Agents, of the Intention of fuch Pcrfon or Perfons to rcqune the Repayment of inch Sum or Sums of Money.

XLV. Provided always. That if the faid Company of Pioprietorj Powwto.-aire Hull think it ruoft expedient to borrow the faid Sum of Five thouland	'

6	Pounds	Notes.

892

Kates to be a Security for the Money borrowed on Optional Notes.

Perf ns lend-ling Money not to he der'm d Proprietors.

Firft GeneralJ Meeting ot Propiictori.

48° GE 0 RG11 III. Cty.48.

Pounds or any Parr or Farrs thereof by Promiffory Notes under the Com-mon Seal of the faid Company it Ihall and may be lawful for them fo to do, and that fuch Notes (hall be made payable in fuch Manner and ac fuch T. ime or Times and with fuch legal or lefs Rate of Intrrtft as the faid Company (hail think proper, and either with or without Power or the Holders of fuch Notes to have fuch Option of being admitted to hold a Share or Shares in lieu of the Princ p d Money thereby to be Secured, or lo much or fuch Part or Parts thereof as the faid Company of Proprietors or their general Committee for the Time being and the Pcr-fon or Perfoi'.s advancing fuch Money on the Security of the (aid Notes (hail juntly ag ee upon, fo nevertheless, that no Peifon he in any Calc admitted to hold a Share in lieu of a lefs principal Sum of Money than Fifty Pounds advanced on the Security of fuch Notes, the Particulars of fuch Options being at all Times txpreffed in the faid Notes.

XLVI. Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enafted, That all and fingolar the Rates and Duties on dunnage authorized to be taken by virtue of this Aft (hall be a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money fo to be borrowed upon Promiffory Note or Notes as aforcLid, with Intcrell to the Peifon or Perf ns who (hall from Time to Time be entitled to fuch Securities, and the principal Money and Intend thereby fecured, and all Perfors to whom any fuch Secuiities as afertfaid (hall be given (hall be equally entirled to a Claim or Lien to or upon a Proportion of the laid Rates or Duties on Tonnage according to the rtlprftive Sums mentioned thereby to be fecured and advanced as if the fame were advanced upon Mortgages or Alignments of the lame Rates in purfuance or by virtue of this Aft, and without any Preference by reafon of the Piiority of Date cf any fuch Securities or on any o.her Account whatfoever.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it enafted, That no Peifon to whom any fuch Moitgage or Alignment (hall be made or transferred as hereinbefore mentioned, or who (hall be entitled to any Claim or Lien to or upon a Proportion of the Rates and Duties on Tonnage to be raifed by virtue of this Aft for Securing any Sum or Sums of Money which he, (he, or they (hall have advanced or lent to the laid Company of Proprietors upon Prcmiffory Note cr Notes under the Seal of the faid Company by virtue of the Power for that Purpofe herein-before contained, or the Executors, Administrators, or Afligns of fuch Perfon orPerfons Shall be deemed or confidered a Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share er Shaies or be capable of afting or voting by virtue of fuch Mortgage, Alignment, or Lien at any Affernbly or Meeting of the laid Company of Proprietors, for or on Account of fuch Perfon or Perfons having advanced any Money on the Credit of (itch Alignment or for or on Account of any luch Lien or Claim as aforefaid.

XLV11I. And be it further er.afted, That the firfl general Affernbly of the faid Company of Proprietors, for putting this Aft m Execution, fhali be held at the Town Houle in Stockton, aforclaid, within One Calendar Month next after the paffmg of this Aft, and all f uture general Affcmblias of the laid Company, except fuch Special gener.d Affemblies as hrrein-after mentioned, (hall be held on the Fit ft Tuefday in the Month of May ir. every Year, at the Hour of Eleven in the Forenoon, at fuch Place dr Places as the fa:d Company of Proprietors at their preceding

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 48.	893

ing general Affynblies iliall from Time to Time direft and appoint of which general Affemblics Ten Days previous Notice at the lead (ball be given by public Ailvertifemem in feme Two or more Newspapers ulualiy circulating in the County of Durham or the North Riding of the County of Tork, or in fuc i other Manner as the faid Company of Proprietors at their refpeftive general AlTemblies (hall di- Committee t» reft ; and the faid Company of Proprietors, at their refpeftive general be tle;lcd-Alfemblies, (hall choofe and eleft out of the faid Proprietors a Committee to manage the Affairs of the faid Company of Proprietors as he:ein directed, the laid Committee to confift of Nine or more Perfons ; and the faid Company of Proprietors (hall have Power and Authority at any re°*"e com< fuch general Afiembly to remove and difplace any Perfon or Perfons mittecan-i who fliall have been chofen a Member or Members of fuch Committee, 0tficer,‘ or any Officer or Officers under them, and to revoke, alter, amend, or change any of the Rules and Dire&ions which may have been preferibed and laid down by viitue of this Aft wirh regard to their Proceedings amongft themfelves as they (hall think proper (the Method of calling general or fpreial AflVmbiies and their Time and Place of Meeting and voting and appointing Commifiioners only excepted) and (hall have a Power to order and difpofe of the Cuftody of the Common Seal of the faid Company of Propiiciors and the Ufe and Application thereof; and alfo to make fuch new Rules, Bye Laws, Orders, and Regulations for	B)re

the good Government of the faid Company and the faid Committee, and ’ alfo the Sub-committee and their fcveral Engineers, Agents, Servants* and Workmen, and for the whole compleat and total Superintendance of the faid intended Cut and Navigation, and of the other Works, Undertakings, and Improvements hereby authorized or direfted to be made or any of them, and alfo for ordering and fecuring and fafely and conveniently Rationing or placing of the Ships or Vcff-ls coming into or lying within the faid River Tees, between its Junction with the Sea and the faid Bridge at Stockton afore (aid, and for loading and unloading, mooring and unmooring ^hereof, and for the Safety and Prefervation of the Goods and Merchandize landed or landing, (hipping or intended to be (hipped thee. and of the Works to be made or done in purfuance or by virtue of this Aft, and for the Appointment, Regulation, Direftion, and well con-* dufting of Ships or Veflels into or out of or whilit within fuch Part of the (aid River as aforeiaid, and of the Ufe of Fires and the melting of combuftible Mat ers on board any fuch Ship or Veffel, and for regulating all Boats, Wherries, Lighters, and other fmall Craft kept or ufed for Hire in fuch Parts.of the laid River and the Rates anti Fares to be taken by the Owners ther>o'f; and alfo for regulating all Corn Meters*

Pilots, Watermen, and Tidefmen, on the Lid River, and the Rates and Fares 10 be by them taken refpeftively ; anti for removing and preventing Nuifances or Encroachments within the Liberties of the faid River or any other Matter orTning not herein-before particularly fpecin-d as fliall from Time to Time appear neceffary and proper, and to alter, vary or repeal the fame as Occafion (hall require, and to unpole reafonable Fines arid Penalties for the Breach and Non-oblervance ot fuch Bye Laws, Rules,

Ordeis and Regulations, fo as no One Penalty fliall exceed Ten Pound1, which f ines and Penalties fliall’be recovered as and levied as Fines, Penalties and Forfcitu es by this Aft inflifted cr impofed are hereby directed to be recovered and levied ; and that *11 fuch Bye Laws, Rules,

Orde's and Regulations, Rates and Fates, and the Fines and Penalties for [Lot. FJ Per.]	10	R	the

H4	48‘GEORGII	m.	Cap. 48.

the Breach and Non-performance thereof (hail be obligatory and binding and {hall be lufficient in any Court or Law or Equity to juftify all Perfons who (hall aft under the fame, provided tliat the fame fhail from lime to Time as often as they fhail be made, altered, or va’ied, be reduced into Writing under the Common Seal of the faid Company of Proprietors and be put up either in Print or in Writing in a clear legible Hand in the Cuftom Houle at Stockton aforefaid, and in fuch other Place or Places as the faid general Affembly or Affcmblies may appoint, and at all Times to remain and be in the faid Places, and upon Application a Copy thereof fhail be delivered to any Captain or Owner of any Ship or VefTel requiring the Erne on Payment of the Sum of Sixpence : Provided always, that the laid Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, or any ot them, fhail not be contrary or repugnant to the Laws, Statutes, or Cufloms of that Part of the United Kingdom called England, or to the Provifions and Direftions in this Aft contained or any of them, nor prejudicial or derogatory to any Right, Authority, or Jurifdiftion belonging to the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or to thcf Lord Bifhop of Durham for the Time being, or the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgeffes of the Borough of Stockton aforefaid, or anv other Pcrfon or Perfons claiming under fuch Lord Bifhop, nor to any Claims for Anchorage or Gioundage or anv other Rights and Privileges of any Lord of a Manor or Manors or any Pcrfon or Perfons claiming under him, or of any Proprietor of Lands adjoining the faid River, further or ocherwife than is cxprelsly authorized by this Aft.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enaftcd, That no fuch Bye Law, Rule, Order, or Regulation fnall be varied or repealed unlefs I en Days previous Notice of fuch inttndeJ Alteration or Repeal fhail be fucd in Writing under the Hand or Hands of the Clerk or Clerks for the Time being of the faid Company of Proprietors upon the Town Hall, Market Crofs, and Cuftom Houle within the faid Town of Stockton, and fuch Notices to be advertifed Once in fome Two or more Papers ufually circulating in the Neighbourhood of Stockton aforefaid, r.or unlcls a greater Number of Proprietors than were prelcmat the making any fuch Bye Law', Rule, Order, or Regulation fhail be prefent and confenc thereto; and ^ w	every fuch general Affembly (hall have Power to call for, audit, and fettle

auditA:-	all Accounts of Money received, laid out, and diiburfcd on Account of

jhe faid Cut or Canal Navigation and other Works and Improvements by the Treafurer, Receivers, or Collectors of the Rates, and otncr Officers by them appointed, or by any other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever employed by or concerned for or under them in and; about the laid Undertaking and the Works thereto belonging, and the faid Company of Proprietors lhall have Power to adjourn themfclvcs from Time to Time to fuch Place or Places as (hall at fuch general Affcmblies be thought meet and convenient.

If Seven or L. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if at any fuch dated more Pro- general Affembly there lhall not be Seven or more Proprietors prefent Cerent"#"0* no Choice °* anY Committee, nor any Removal of any Pcrfon or Perfons general from any fuch Committee, nor any Election of any Perfon or Perfons in theCM«rin the ^oom fU£h of the Members of any fuch Committees who fhail die lobe ad."6 or decline to aft or be fo removed lhall be made at that Time, but in fuch Cafe there lhall be another general Affembly of the faid Company of Pro-7	.	h	prietots

48° GEORGII III. Cap.48.	695

prictors of the faid Navigation and Undertaking at the fame Place in the Week then next following and on the fame Day in that Week, and fo from Time to Time until there (hall be Seven or more Proprietors prefent at fuch Affembly, and fur h Choice, Removal, or new Appointment of any Member of any fuch Committee (hall then take place and not before-, and the Perfons then chofen to be of any fuch Committees (hall have the fame Powers which they would have had and (hall continue in fuch Offices until fuch Time as they would have done had they been chofen by any fuch general Affembly on the Day fift appointed ior holding the fame; and in cafe of Failure of the afilmbling of a fufficient Number of Proprie- Penalty on tors at fuch Firft Affembly, every Male Proprietor ufually refiding at »o°?^tenrfin£ Stockton or within Twenty Miles of that Place who (hall not attend fuch Meeting. Second Affembly (hall forfeit to the faid Company of Proprietors for every Share which he (hall poffeL in the faid Navigation or Undertaking the Sum of Five Shillings, to be deducted out of the nexc fuccceding Payment of Intereft or Dividends of the Profits of the faid Undertaking as the Cafe may happen; and in cafe no_ Intereft or Dividends (hall be payable to fuch Perfon or Perfcns fo making Default as aforefaid within Six Calendar Months next after the making fuch Default, then the Payment of fuch Forfeiture to be recovered by the Ways and Means hereinafter appointed for the recovering of any of the other Penalties or Forfeitures impofed by this Aft.

LI. And he it further enafted, That if it (hall at any Time appear that Po wer fo call for the more eftVftcal putting this Ad into Execution a fpecial general Af-femblv of the faid Company of Proprietors is nectffary to be held, it (hall 'gel.cy. '"t be lawful for any Five or more of them to caufe Fourteen Days Notice at leaft to be given thereof in any Two or more Newfpapers ufually circulating in the Neighbourhood of Stockton aforefaid or in fuch other Manner as the (aid Company of Proprietors (ball at any general Affembly direft or appoinr, fpecifying in fuch Notice the Reafon and Intention of requefting Inch fpecial Affembly and the Time when and Place where the fame (hall be held, which Place (hail be within Twenty Miles of the faid intended Cur, and the (aid Proprietors are hereby authorized to meet purfuanr to fuch Notice, and fuch of them as (hall be prefent (hall proceed to the Execution of the Powers by this Aft given to the faid Company of Proprietors with rclpeft to the Matters (o fpecified only, and all fuch Afts of the Proprietors or of the major Part of them met together at every fuch fpecial general Affembly (provided Seven Proprietor at the leaft (hall be prefent) lhall be as valid with relpeft to the Matter fpecified in fuch Notice as if the lame had been done at any dated general Affembly.

Llli And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Power reap-Company of Proprietors at any general Affembly and they are hereby authorized and required from Time to Time to nominate and appoint by Writing under their Hands or the Common Seal o( the faid Company a Treafurrr or Treafurers, and One or more Collector or Collectors of the faid Tonnage Rates, and alfo One or more Clerk or Clerks to the Did Company o( Pioprietors and to the Lid Committee and to the Subcommittee htrein-after mentioned, taking fuch Security from fuch Clerk,

CoiJeftor, or other Officer having the Care or Cuftociy of any Money to be railed or received by virtue of this Aft for the due Execution of their ^efpedivc Offices as the faid Company of Proprietors (hall think proper,

•	•	and

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

and fuch Clerk or Clerks (ball in a proper Book or Books to be provided by the faid Company of Proprietors for that Purpofe ent-r and keep a true and perfedl Account of the Names and Places of Abode of the feveral Proprietors of the faid Undertaking, and of the feveral Perfons who (hall from Time to Time become Owners and Proprietors of or entitled to any Share or Shares therein, and of all Ads, Proceedings, and Tranf-ac't.'ons of the faid Company of Proprietors, and of the General or Sub-committee by virtue of and under the Authority of this Ad, and each of the faid Proprietors of the faid Navigation and Undertaking fhall and may at all convenient Times have Recoiufe to and perufe and inlptd the fame and alfo the Book or Books to be kept by the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Commilfioncr* gratis, and may demand and have Copies thereof or of any Part thereof, paying for every One hundred Words fo to be copied the Sum of Sixpence •, and if any fuch Clerk or Clerks to the faid Company and the faid Committee or Sub-committee or to the Commtffioncrs fhall refufe to permit any Proprietor or Proprietors fo interefted as aforefaid to infped or perufe fuch Book or Books of Proceedings at all convenient Times and Scafons, or refufe to make any fuch Copy or Copies at the Rate or Price aforefaid, he fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Shillings-, and in cafe any luch Treafurer, Colleftor, or Cleik fhall die or quit the Service of the faid Proprietors cr of fuch Committee or Sab-committee as aforefaid, or by reafon of any Ncgligrncr, Mifconduft, or Inability it (had be requiftte to remove him or them, then and in every fuch Cafe it lhall be lawful for the Proprietors affembled at any fuch ftated or Ipecial general Affembly as aforefaid and for the faid Commiccee of the Did Proprietors to remove any fuch Treafurer, Collector, or Clerk, and in cafe any fuch Treafurer, Collector, or Cleik fhall die, be removed from, or quit the Service of the faid Company ofProprietors or of the faid Committee or Subcommittee, then it fhall be lawful for the faid Company of Pioprietors at their ftated or fpecial general AlTcmblies or for the Committee of the faid Proprietors to appoint any other fit Pcrfon or Perfons to execute fuch Office or Offices in the Place of the Pcrfon or Perions who fhall fo dir, be removed from, or quit the Service of the faid Proprietors or of the faid Committee or Sub-committer, but in cafe any fmh new Appointment be made by the faid Committee the lame lhall only continue until the next ftated or fpecial general Affembly of the laid Proprietors when the Appointment of fuch Perfon or Perfons to fuch relprdive Office or Offices fhall either be confirmed or fuch other fit Pei (on or Perfons appointed to fucceed to fuch Office or Offices as the Did Proprietors at fuch Itatcd or fpecial general Affembly may think proper; and all fuch Tieafurcrs Col-leftors, and Clerks, and all other Officers of the faid Company ofProprietors who may at any Time relign or be removed, and the refpettive Executors or Adminiftrators and each and every of them of any luch Officers who may die fhall, within Twenty Days after Notice given in Wiitmg to him, her, or them for that Purpofe, produce and dclrver up to the laid Committee for the Time being ail Books, Accounts, Papers, or Writings relative to the Execution of luch refpeefive Offices which fhall be in his, her, or their Cuftody or Power, and every fuch Officer and other Perfon as aforefaid negleding or refufing to deliver up fuch Books, Accounts, Papers, or Writings fnall for every fuch Neglect or Retufal ioifeit and pay to the faid Company of Proprietors any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds.

LIU. And

4&* GEO RG11 III.	Cap.,48.	897

LIII. And be it furiiier enaded, That no Refplution ffiall b? taken pr Bufinels clone except for thePorpofe ot Adjournment at any of the Meet- Confiftof itlgsof the laid Committee unlcis Three Perfpns of fuch Committee fhall Three Perfons. be. prefsm; and, that ali Orders for Payment of Money by the Treaffirer fhall be figned by a Majority of the Committee prefect at fuch Meeting, D.Jtyofthe anti all luch Orders fiiail be entered in the Company’s Books, and. the ^ommitiee Cleikihall be intruded with the Money from Time to Time by an Ord?r in Writing figned by a Majority of the laid Committee upon the Collector or Troalurei to enable luth Cleik to pay all Txpences incur,red by him in tin C'r.M'fc of his Office, and he fliall account for the fame to,the Committee who Ilia 1 regularly examine and fign the laid Accounts as often as they fhaif fee iitj. and the laid Collectors or Treafurets Accounts lb all be examined and compaied with the Books of the Paid Committee every Half Tear and fhall be made up and the Balance fettled and figned by the faid Committee or any Three or more of them; aad further, that no Member of the frid Committee (although he may be a Proprietor of more than One Share in the laid Navigation) fliafl have more than One Vote in any Committee except the Chairman, who dial) be chofen by. and out of cbe faid ’Committee, and who in cafe of an Equality of Votes upon any Quedioo agitated in the faid Committee fhall have the calling Vote afihough he may have given One Vote before ; and that all the Powers and Authorities hereby veiled in or directed to be exercifed by the (aid Committee may be done and exercifed by the major Part of them prefent at their refpedive Meetings, the whole Number prefent not being lefs than Three at fuch Committee, and every fuch Committee as afotefaid fhall from T me to Time make Reports of their Proceedings to the faid general A/fcmblies or if required to the faid fpecial general Affemblies of the Prop'te or?, and fhaJl obey their Orders and Diredions ; and the faid Commuter ih^ i (fubjtd neverthelefs at all Times to fuch Orders and 1) rectii i s as afccfaid) meet at fuch Times and Places and (hall from Time to Tme ac'jour.t themlelves to fuch other Time and Place as they ibail think fir, but no Perfon holding any Place, Office, or Employmeqt Under the laid Company (hall be capable of being chofen to ferve upon any Committee during tire 'i itac of his Continuance in fuch Piace, Office, or Employment; and in order to defray the Expences of their Meetings the iaid Committee fhall from Time to Time receive out of the laid Capital $tock of the laid Proprietors fuch Sum or Sums of Money as (hail be ditefted, adjufted, and fettled at fuch general Afiembhes, and the laid Committee (fubjtd nrverthelefs ac ail l imes to fuch Orders and Dirt (lions as aforeiaid) (Viali make Agreements and Bargains with the Workmen, Agents, Unckriakers, and other Perfons employed cr concerned in making and compleating the faid navigable Cut and all and every Other the Works, Undertakings, and Improvements hereby authorized to be made, and all and every Parr, and Parts thereof; and (hall by them-feives or their Clerk or Clerks as aforefaid keep a full and true Account of all Money difburled and Payments made by the faid Committee andhy all and every Perfon and Perfons employed by or under them, and of ali and every Sum and Sums of Money which they fhall receive on Behalf or in relptd of the faid Undertaking from any Colledor or Col'.cdors of the laid fon.nage Rates or other Officer or Officers, or from any other Perfon-or Peilpns whomfoever employed in or having any Concerns,

Dealings, or Tranfadions with the faid Undertaking, or in or with any Part or Parts thereof, and Hull regularly by themfclves cr their Clerk or Clerks as afordaid write, infert, and enter in a Book or \_Loc. Per.J	10	S'	Books

89$	480GEORGII	ill.	Cap.	48.

Books to be from Time to Time provided at the Expence of the Did Company of Proprietors for that Purpofe, Notes, Minutes, or Copies (as the Cafe (hall require) of every fuch Contract, Bargain, Receipt, and Difburfement, and of all other their Orders and Proceedings, which Book or Books (hall be depofited with and kept locked up under the Care and Direction of the faid Committee: Provided always, that every Proprietor upon every reafonable Defire (hall have free Accefs thereto as herein-before mentioned for his or her InfpeCtion •, and the faid Committee (hall have Power from Time to Time (fobjrCt neverthelefs to the Directions and Controul of any fuch general Affembly) whenever they (hall judge it expedient, by Writing under their Hands to appoint an Engineer or Engineers to infpeCt the Works of the faid Cut or Canal and other Improvements, and alfo a Land Surveyor or Land Surveyors for any Purpofe relating to the Execution of this ACt; and every fuch Engineer and Land Surveyor (hall be paid by the faid Company of Proprietors fuch Salary or Allowance as the faid Committee (hall direct or appoint, and any fuch Committee may remove any fuch Engineer and Land Surveyor whenever they (hall think proper; and the laid Committee (hall alfo have Power from Time to Time to make fuch Call or Calls of Money from the Subfcribers to and Proprietors of the faid Undertaking to defray the Expences of or to carry on the fame as they from Time to Time (hail find wanting and neceffary for thofe Purpofes, fo that no fuch Call (hall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds for every One hundred Pounds, and luch Call (hall not be made but at the Diltance of One Calendar Month at lead from each other, and Ten Days Notice at the lead Ihall be given ol all fuch Calls as aforefaidin fuch Manner as the (aid C >mpany of Pioprtetors ihall at any genttal Affembly jdireCt and appoint, and fuch Committee (hall (fubjcCt neverthelefs to the Orders and Directions of fuch general Affemblies as aforefaid) have full Power and Authority to direct and manage all and every the Affairs of the faid Company of Proprietors as well in contracting for and purcKafing Lands, Meffuages, Tenements, and other Hereditaments and Materials foi the Life of the faid Undertaking as in employing, crdering, and directing the Woiks and Workmen and in placing and difplacing Under-officets, Cletks, Servants, and Agents, and in making all Contracts and Bargains touching the faid Undertaking; and every Owner or Owners of any one or more Share or Shares in the fata Undertaking (hall pay h'S, her, or their rateable Proportions of the Monies to be called for as aforefaid to fuch Perfon or Per-fons and at fuch Time and Place as the faid Committee (hall from Time to Time appoint and diieCt; and if any Perfon or Rerfons (hail neglect or refufe to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable Part of the faid Money fo called for as aforefaid at the Time and Place appointed by fuch Committee, it thall be lawful for the faid Company of Proprietors to fue for and recover the fame with full Cofts of Suit in any of His Maiefty*s Courts of Record at IVcJlminJltr or in the Court of Pleas at Durham by Action of Debr.

Recovery of JJV. And be it further enaCted, That in Actions brought by the faid

fcriptionf. U " Company againft any Owner or Owners of any Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking to recover any Sum or Sums of Monty due and payable to the faid Company for or by reafun of any Call or Calls made by virtue of this ACt, ic (hall be fufficient for the faid Company to declare and alledge that the Defendant or Defendants being a Proprietor or Proprietors of fuch or fo many Share or Shares in the faid Navigation ■1	and

480GEORGII III. Cap.*.8.	899

and Undertaking is or are indebted to the faid Company in fuch Sum or Sums of Money as the Call or Calls in Arrear (hall amount unto, for fuch or fo many Call or Calls of fuch or fo many Sum or Sums of Money, upon fuch or fo many Share or Shares belonging to the (aid Defendant or Defendants (as the Cafe may happen to be) whereby an Aftion hath accrued to the faid Company by virtue of this Aft, without fetting forth the fpecial Matter, and on the Trial of fuch Aftion ic (hall only be neceflary to prove that the Defendant or Defendants at the Time of making fuch Call or Calls was or were a Proprietor or Propiietors of I'ome Share or Shares in the laid Undertaking, and that fuch Cali or Calls was or were in faft made and that fuch Notice thereof was given as is direfted by this Aft, without proving the Appointment of the Committee who made fuch Call or Calls or any other Matter whatfoever; and the faid Company (hall thereupon be entitled to recover what (hall appear due unlefs it ihall appear that any fuch Call exceeded the Sum of Ten Pounds for every Sum of One hundred Pounds, or was made within the Diftance of One Calendar Month from the laft preceding Call or without Notice given as aforefaid, and after Judgment (hall be given for ihe laid Company in any fuch Aftion, Execution (hall not be (fayed by reafon of any Writ of Error brought by the Defendant or Defendants therein, unirfs fuch Defendant or Defendants with Two fufficient Sureties (hall firft become bound to the faid Company by Recognizance to be acknowledged in the Court, in which fuch Judgment (hall be given in double the Sum adjudged to the faid Company by fuch Judgment to profecute the faid Writ of Error with Effeft •, and alio if the faid Judgment be affirmed or the faid Wiit of Error be nonproffed, to fatftfy and pay the Debts, Damages, and Cofts, adjudged by the faid Judgment, and all Curts and Damages to be awarded for Delay of Execution.

LV. And be it further enafted, That if any Owner or Owners, Propri- Power to re-etor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares of the faid Undertaking (hall for the Space of One Calendar Month after fuch Call or Calls ought to have not aufwetirig been paid as aforefaid rctufe or nrglrft to make good the fame and to pay Cail»; his, her, or their Share or Shares of the Money to be fo called for from Time to Time by virtue of this Aft, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Company ot Proprietors to flop and retain the Shares, Divi- aifotofeil the dends, and Profits of the faid Undertaking which (hall fiom Time to Shsrcl-Time become payable to fuch Owner or Owneis, Proprietor or Pro-prietors fo neglefting or refufing, and to apply the fame from Time to Time for and towards the Payment of the Monies fo called for and which ought to have been paid by fuch Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors fo neglefting or refufing, until fuch Money Ibail be fatisfied with Intereft after the Rate ot Five Pounds per Centum per Annum from the Time the lame was appointed or ought to have been paid, and that the Share or Shates of fuch Defaulter or Defaulters (hall be liable to anfwer and make good the fame Money io called for and which ought to have been paid and the Intereft thereof as aforefaid; and in ca'e fuch Money and Intereft (hall be unpaid for the Space of Two Calendar Months after fueik Call or Calls as aforefaid ought to have been paid, then and in every fuch Cafe it (hall and may, be lawful to and for the laid Company of Pioprieiors cr their Committee for the Time being and thty are hereby empowered to authorize and direft the Clerk for the Time being to the faid Company of Proprietors to fell by Public Auftion to the belt

Bidder

9.00

486 GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

Bidder at fuch Time and Place as the faid Company or their Comm ittee (hall direft (of which Sale Fourteen Days Notice at the lead (hall be given by publifhmg the fame in the London Gazette and in One or more Newfpapers at that Time ulually circulating in the County of Durham or the North Rid ng of the County o{York) and it (hall and may be lawful to and for the laid Committee or any Five or more of them to aflign and transfer the Share and Shares of fuch Defaulter or Defaulters unto fuch Perlon or Perforn as (hall become the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof, his, her, or their Executors, Adminiflrators, and Afligns, and to receive and give Receipts for the Monty which (hall be agreed to be paid or given for fuch Share and Shares, and thereout to pay ail fuch Monies and Intereft as may be due from fuch Defaulter or Defaulters in refpeft of fuch Call or Calls as aforefaid, and all reafonable Cofts and Charges attending every fuch Sale and Albgnmenr, and fuch Alignment and Transfer (hall be good, valid, and effectual againlt all Defaulters and all Perfons claiming under them: Provided always, that in cafe the whole Number of Calls authorized by this Aft (hall not at the Time of fuch Sale and Affignment be completed, it fhall be lawful for the faid Company of Proprietors or their Committee for the Time being, to receive and retain the Surplus Monies remaining in their Hands, after making good fuch former Cali or Calls and the Expences of fuch Sale and Alignments or fuch Part of the faid Surplus as (hall be necefiary for the Purpofes of paying all future Calls by virtue of this Aft upon the Proprietors fo making Default, and that in cafe any Surplus (hall finally remain ol the Monies raifed by virtue of fuch Sale and Alignment as aforefaid, the fame (hall be rendered and paid to fuch lad mentioned Proprietor or Proprietors upon Demand: Provided alfo, that in cafe the Monies produced by fuch Sale and Aflign-mer.t fhall be inadequate to Satisfy the whole Amount of the fcveral Calls upon fuch iaft mentioned Proprietor or Proprietors, their .Succeflors, Executors, Adminiflrators, or Afligns by virtue of this Aft, and fuch Charges and Exptnces as aforefaid attending che fame, the laid Proprietor or Pioprhtors (hall continue liable to make good the Deficiency therein, which D firiency (hall be recoverable at fuch Time or Times and by fuch Ways a: d Means as herein in that Behalf directed : Provided alio, that no fuch Sha e or Shares (hall be fold or advertifed for Sale until the Expiraa tion of Out Calendar Month next after fuch Notice in Writing (hall have been given by the Trealurer or Clerk of the laid Company of Proprietors to the Owner or Owners thereof, his, her, or their Executors or Ad-miniltrators, or left at his, her, or their Dwelling-hou'e or ulualor laft Place of Abode, in which Notice (hall be contained a Statement and exaft Account how much Money is due from fuch Perfon or Perfons for his, her, or their Call or Calls, in refpeft of his, her, or their Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking.

Power to ap- I,VI. And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the faid pome □ Sub- Committee to nominate and appoint out of their own Body One or more committee. Sub-ccmmittee or Sub-committees (every fuch Sub committee to confift of Three or more Perfons) who fhall have full Power and Authority to enter into and make any fuch Contrafts or Agreements on Behalf of the faid Company of Proprietors as aforefaid, and to hire and employ any Agents, Workmen, or Servants in and about the faid Undertaking, and to do, execute, and perform all other Matters and Things whatsoever in and about the laid Undertaking which the faid Committee are them-lelvcs herein-before authorized to do, or fuch of them as the faid Committee

9oi

4$* GEORG 11 III. Cap. 48.

mittee ffia 1 think proper to entruft to the Care and Management of any fuch Sub-commitcee or Sub- committees (lave and except neverthelefs the appointing ot Clerks, Colledlors, Engineers, Surveyors, and other prn-cipal Officers, and the auditing and fettling of the Accounts of the i'rea-lurer or Treafurers, Clerks, Colleft'rs, Engineer', Surveyors, and other principal Officers, and the making Calls for Money upon the Proprietors of the faid Undertaking) and that it ffiall be lawful for the laid Committee for the Time being to order and direft fuch Comprnfatiin or Re-compenceto be made to the faid Sub-committee or Sub-committees from Time to Time as they ffiall think rralonable ; and it ffiall alfo be lawful for the faid Committee by an Order or Refolution for that Purpofe to break up and difi'olve any luch Sub-ccmmitree or Sub-committees, or to remove or dilplace any Member or Members thereof and appoint fome o her or offiers in his or their place and (lead when and as otten as luch Committee ffiall think proper and expedient, and fuch Sub-committee ffiall have full Power and Authority to meec from Time to Time and adjourn from Place to Place as they ffiall think proper and as Occafion fh II require for effeduating the Purports aforefaid, and ali Powers and Authorities hereby verted or which (hail by the faid Committee be verted in fuel) Sub-committee orSub-committees within the Intent and Meaning of this Act ffiall ar.d maybe exeicifed by the major Part oftheMembers prclent at their refpedive Meetings, the whole Number prelent not being lefs than three, 3nd at all Meetings of fuch Sub-committees refpedively One of the Members prefenr ffiall be appointed Prcfident or Chairman, and all Qucftions ffiall be decided by the Majority ot Votes, and thePrefidcnt or Chairman ffiall have the carting Vote in cafeot an equal D.v.fton although he may have given One Vote btfote.

LVII. Provided aTo, and be it further enafted, That if any Owner or Previfionin Owners of any Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking ffiall happen t-o jair:bof die before fuch Call or Calls ffiall have been made for the tub Sum to twto'^suh-* be advanced on each Share which he, ffie, or they ffiall have been pol- fcription is feffed of or entitled to without having made Provifion by Will or other- ‘uliyraid-wife how or in what Manner fuch Share or Shares ffiall be difpoled of, and how or by what Means the future Calls in refptd thereof ffiall be paid to the laid Company of Proprietors for the Purpofe of the faid Undertaking, then and in luch Cafe the Executors or Adminiftrators of any fuch Owners fo dying, or theTrurtee or Truftees, Committee or Commi:tees,

Guardian or Guardians of any Lunatic or Lunatics, Infant or Infants, or of any other Perlon or Perfons entitled to the Eft-te and Effeds of fuch Owner deceafed, ffiall be incemnified againft all ami every fuch Infant or Infants and again!! all and every other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever for or on account of his, her, or their having paid any Sum or Sums of Money when called for as afortfaid to compleat every fuch Subfcription j and if fuch Owner or Owners deceafed ffiall not have left Affets fuffkienc or in cafe the Executors cr Adminiftrators, Trufti-e or Truftees, Committee or Committees, Guardian or Guardians, ffiall refute or negled to anlwer fuch Calls, the faid Company of Proprietors ffiall be and they are hereby authorized and required to admit any other Perfon or Perfons to be a Proprietor or Proprietors of the Share or Shares cf fuch Owner or Owners deceafed, on Condition that h?, ffie, or they fo admitted do and ffiall on or before fuch Admiftion -pay to the Executors or Adminiftrators ot fuch deceafed Owner or Owners, or to the Truftce or Truftees, Committee or Committees, Guardian or Guardians of any Lunatic or Lunatics,

\Loc. & Per.]	10	T	Infant

902

1

Power to Proprietors to fell Shares.

Form of Con-vejance.

48'* GEORG 11 111. Cap.48.

Infant or Infants, or to any other Ferfon or Perfons who may be entitled to his or her Effects, the full Sum and Sums of Money which fhall have been paid by fuch Owner or Owners in his, her, or their Life-time, by virtue of any Call or Calls or otherwife upon fuch Share or Shares or luch Other Sum or Sums of Money as the lame cm be fold for and in cafe no fuch Perfon or Perfons ihail be found who is or are willing co be admitted on fuch Condition as aforefaid, then and in fuch Cafe luch Share or Shares fhall be forfeited to and become veiled in the Reft of the Company of Proprietors of the faid Undertaking, in Truft for and for the Benefit of all the Reft of the faid Proprietors in Proportion to their re-Ipedtive Intcrefts in the faid Undertaking, or (hall at the Difcretion of the faid dated or fpecial general Afifemblies be publicly fold for ihe Ule of the Reft of the faid Proprietors whofe Shares and lncercits ihail not have b.-cu forfeited as aforefaid, provided that no Advantage Ihail be t km ot any Forfeiture of any Share or Shares until Notice (hall have been given to or left at the ufual or iaft Place or Places of A bode of the Owner or Owners of fuch Share or Shares refpedtively, provided fuch Place or Places of Abode fhall be known and fhall be within Ten Miles gt the laid Cut or Canal, or otherwife by Advertifement in feme Two or more Newfpapers ulually circulated in the Neighbourhood of Suckton aforefaid, nor until the fame Share or Shares fhall likewife have been declared to be torfeited ac fome dated or fpecial general Affembly of the Proprietors within Twelve Calendar Months next after fuch Forfeiture Ihail have been incutred.

LVIII. And be it further enaded, That it Ihail be lawful for the feveral Proprietors of the faid Undertaking, his, her, or their refpe&ivc Executors, Adminiftrators, or Affigns, to lell and dilpofe of any Share or Shares to which he, fhe, or they may be entitled therein, fubjed to the Rules and Conditions herein mentioned, the Conveyance of which Sbaie fhall be in the Form or to the Effed following :

I A. B. of	in Confideration of	paid to

me by C. D. of	do	hereby	bargain,	fell,

‘ affign, and transfer to the faid C. D.

* the Sum of	Capital	Stock	of	the	Tees	Navigation	Com-

‘ pany (bring No.	of the Shares of the faid Company) to hold to

* the faid C. D.	Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns (or Suc-

< ceffors and Affigns in cafe of any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate) « fubjed to the fame Rules, Orders, and Reftridions, and on the fame < Conditions that I held the fame immediately before the Execution < hereof; and I the faid C D.	do	hereby	agree	to	take and

< accept the faid Capital Stock or Share of	fubjed	to	the fame

< Rules, Orders, Reftridions, and Conditions. As Wicnefs our Hands , and Seals the	Day	of	.’

And on every fuch Sale the faid Deed of Conveyance (being executed by the Seller or Sellers and the Purchafer or Purchafers of luch Share or Shares) (hall be kepc by the laid Purchafer or Purchalers for his, her, or their Security alter the Clerk or Cleiks to the faid Company ot Proprietors fhall have entered in a proper Book or Books to be kept fur that Purpofe a Memorial of fuch Transfer and Sale for the Ufe of the faid Company, and have teftified or indorled the Entry ot fuch Memo ul on the faid Deed of Sale or Transfer, for which no more than Two Shillings and Sixpence fhall be paid, and the faid Clerk or Clerks is or are hertby required to make fuch Encry or Memorial accordingly and until fuch Memo-5	rial

48‘GEORGII III. Cap. 48.	903

rial Ihsrll have been made and entered as above direfted fuch Purchaser or Purchafers (hall have no Part or Share of the Profits of the faid Undertaking nor any Intereft for fuch Share or Shares paid unto him, her, or them, or any Vote in refpeft thereof as a Proprietor or Proprietors of the faid Undertaking.

LIX. And be it further enabled. That after any Cal! of fuch Morey (hall r n cafe a Call have been made by fuch Commitree as atorelaid no Perfon or Perfon* iTorTVans (hall (ell or transfer any Share or Shares which he, (he, or they (hall fer 10 fake poflefs in the faid Undertaking upon pain of forfeiting his, her, or their	c	„

refpedlive Share or Shares to the faid Company of Proprietors in Truft is for the Benefit of all the faid Proprietors in Proportion to their refpetLve Interefts, unlefs he, (he, or they at the l ime of fuch Sale or Transfer lhall have paid and difeharged to the Treafurer of the faid Company of Proprietors the whole and entire Sum of Money which lhall have been called for upon each Share fo fold or transferred, fuch Forfeiture never-thelefs to be notified and declared at a general AfTembly in Manner before direded.

LX. And whereas much Inconvenience may arife by the frequent E/iHence re-Tr.msfer and Sale of the Right and Title to the Shares of and in the faid to"shar°s\ly' Undertaking by the Marriage and Death of Proprietors, and it may be Manage or difficult in fuch Cafes to afeertain to whom the Dividends arifing or be- ^1dd[^^£or coming due upon fuch Shares ought to be paid and do belong; be it there- tions.' fore further enacted. That before any Perfon or Perfons who (hall claim any Part or Share of the Profits of the faid Undertaking in Right of Marriage (hall be entitled to receive the fame, an Affidavit containing a Copy of the Regifter of fuch Marriage or the Effcd of fuch Regifter fhall be made and fworn to by fome credible Perfon before One of the Judges at fVeJlminJler, a Mafter or Mafters extraordinary in Chancery, or one of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace, and the faid Judges, Mafter or Mafters extraordinary in Chancery, and Juftices of the Peace are hereby authorized and empowered to fwear any fuch Perfon to fuch Affidavir, and fuch Affidavit fhall be tranfmitted at the Expence of the Party or Parties to the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Company for the Time being, who fnall file the fame and make an Entry thereof in the Book or Books which fhall be kept by the faid Clerk or Clerks for the Entry of Transfers and Sales of Snares, and that before any Perfon or Perfons who fhall claim any Part or Share of the Profits of the laid Undertaking by virtue of any Bequeft or Will or in a Courfe of Admimftration fhall be entitled to receive the fame, the faid Will or the Probate Copy thereof fhall be produced and (hewn to the faid Clerk or an Affidavit containing a Copy of fo much of fuch Will as (hall relate to the Share or Shares of the Tel-tator, or the Letters of Adminiftration in cafe the Proprietor fhall have died inteftate, fhall be made and Iworn to by an Executor or Execotor9 of fuch Will, or by an Admimftrator or the Adminiftrators of the Eftate and Effects (as the Cafe may happen to be) before One of the Judges ae Weflmin/ler, a Mafter or Mafters extraordinary in Chancery, or one of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace, and fhall alfo be tranfmitted at the Expence of the Parties to the faid Cicik or Clerks who (hall file and enter the fame in Manner herin-before mentioned.

LXI. And whereas in cafe where the original Subfcriber of one or more I" oir Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking fhall die, become infolvent, or otke'wirethan

Bankrupt,

9°4

l>v DeeJ, AS.

davir to be made cf the Fadt*.

Name*, &c. ol JAupnetcrs to be irg:ftercd.

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 48.

Bankrupt, or go out of the Kingdom, or {hall transfer his Right fnd In-tereft to fome other Perfon, and no Regifter lhall be made of the Transfer thereof with the faid Clerk as directed by this Act, it may not be in the Power cf the faid Company of Proprietors or their Treafurrr or Clerk to know who is the Owner or Proprietor of fuch Share or Shares in order to give him, her, or them Notice or Notices of C'ails made on fuch Share or Sturts as is hereby required, and to maintain any A&ion or A&ions againll him, her, or them for the Recovery ot the lame, or for the Pir-pnfe of paying fafely to him, her, or tnem the Inrereft <r Dividends to which he, (he, or thty may be entitled by virtue thereof; be it further enaifled, That in all the Calcs laft aforclaid when the Right and Property-in one or more Share or Shares in the laid Undertaking fhall pafs from the original Proprietor thereof to any other Perlon or Persons by any other legal Means than by a Transfer or Conveyance ihereof as herein drefted, which is hereby required to be produced to the laid Clerk for the Purpofe-hertin exprefled, an Affidavit fhall be male and fwoin to by fome credible Perfon before One of His Majefty’s Jufticts ot the Pea<e, (fating the Manner in which fuch Share or Shares hath or have p.iffcd to luch other Perfon or Perfon', and which Affidavit fhall be rranfmitied to the Clerk of the laid Company of Proprietors to thclnter.t that lie may and he is hereby re-qucfled to enter and regifter the N-me or Names of every fuch new Proprietor or Pioprietors in the Regifter Book or Lift of Pioprietors in the faid Undertaking to be kept in the Office of the faid Clerk ; and that in all or any of the Cafes it fhall be lawful for the faid Company of Proprietors at any general Meeting after Notice (hall be given by the laid Ttealurer or Clerk to the Owners or Pcrfons claiming by fuch Affidavit to be Owner or Owners thereof, and after fuch Perfon or Pcrfons fhall not have paid his, her, or their Proportion of the Money become payable by virtue of any Cali or Calls as aforefaid, at any general M eting to declare the fame Shaie or Shares to be forfeited, and in luch Cafe the lame fhall be and become forfeited and fold and difpofed of in fuch Manner as the laid Company of Proprietors fhall direft or otherwife became confoitdated ia the general Fund of the faid Company.

LXII. And, for the better Security of the fcveral Proprietors of the faid Undertaking to their icfpective Shares therein, be it further enacted. That the faid Company of Proprietors lhall and aie hereby required at their Second or fume fubfequent general Affembly to caufe he % am s and proper Additions of the leveral Perfons who fhall be entitled to the Shares in the faid Undertaking, with the Number of Shares or the Amount of all the Subf< riptions which they are then refpedtively entitled to hold, and alfo the proper Nonibc-r by which every fuch Share fhall be diftinguuhed to be fail ly and difti &ly entered in a Book to be kept by the Clerk to the faid Company of Proprietors, and after fuch Entry to caufe their Common Seal to be affixed thereto, and fhall alfo caufe as many Tickets to be prepared as there 3re Shaies in the laid Undertaking, bearing relprctivcly the correfpondent Numbers in the Lid Book with the Common Seal of the faid Company affixed to every fuch Ticket, and to caufe to be delivered to every fuch Subfcriber upon Demand a Ticket for every fuch Share to which he or (he is entitled in the faid Undertaking, every fuch P.oprietor paying to the Clerk or Clerks Two Shillings and Sixpence ar.d no more for every fuch Ticket, and fuch Ticket lhall be admitted as Evidence of the Title of fuch Subfcriber, his or her Executors, Adminiftrators, and Affigns to the Share or Shares therein JpeciSed, but the Want of fuch

Ticket,

9°5

4$° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

Ticket (hall not hinder or prevent the Owner of any of the faid Shares from felling or difpofing thereof; and in cafe any luch Ticket or Inftru-ment (hall become defaced, worn out, or damaged, then upon the fame being brought to the Committee they (hall order another to be made otic jn its Place, and fo alfo in cafe the fame (hall have been totally deftroyed or loft and fo proved to be to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and luch new Ticket or lnftrument (hall be thereupon entered by the Clerk in the fame Manner and upon the fame Terms as the original Ticket or lnftrument.

LXIII. And be it further enafted, That no Aflignmenr, Transfer, Bargain, or Sale of any Share or Shares or other lnftrument giving Title to any fuch Share or Shares which fhall not have been entered or regiftered as direfted by this Aft (hall be given or admitted asEvidence either to defeat any Aftion or Suit brought or to be brought by the faid Company of Proprietors to recover the faid Calls or to entitle any Perfon or Perlons to recover any Share or Shares forfeited to the faid Company of Proprietors, or to make the faid Company of Proprietors liable to the Payment of In. tereftor Dividends to any other Perfon than fuch as appears upon the faid Book to be Proprietors of the faid Shares, but that in all fuch Cafes the faid Book fliall be confidered as fufficient and concluftve Evidence of the Proprietorfiv.p of the faid Shares,

EXIV. And be it further enafted. That from and after the f.aid intended Cut or Canal fhall be made Navigable by Ships or Veffels of Pen Tons Meafurerrent and upwards, there (hall be payable and paid to the (aid Company of Proprietors or their Succeffors for or on Account of every Ship or Veffel (being above Ten Tons Meafurement) coming into or going out of the faid River Tees, and unlading or putting afhore or lading or taking on board any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize (whether the fame (hall amount to a full Cargo or nor, and without making any Abatement or Deduflion for or on Account of the Weight, Quantity, or Quality of fuch Cargo, and whether luch Ships or Veffels (hall take or deliver their Cargoes or Lading at any Public Quay at Stockton aforefaid or in any other Part of the faid River Tees, or in any Place fituate upon or near the laid River, or any Cut, Lear, or Stream communicating therewith) by the Mafter or Commander, Owner or Owners of every fuch Ship or Veffel, the feveral Rates and Duties on Tonnage herein-afeer par* ticularly mentioned and deferibed; (that is to fay).

For every Ship or Veffel trading to or from the faid River Tees from or to any Port or Place in Great Britain, for every Ton the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Britijh Ship or Veffel trading to or from the faid River Tees from or to any Foreign Port or Place (except Britijh Ships or Veffels laden with Norway Timber only and no other Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever), for every Ton the Sum of Nine-pence :

JFor every Britijh Shjp or Vtffel trading to the faid River Tees from any Foreign Port or Place and laden with Norway Timber only and no other Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever, for every Ton the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Foreign Ship or Veffel trading to or from the faid River Tees from or to any Foreign Port or Place, (except Foreign Snips or Veffels [hoc. Ber.J	10U	laden

Perfor.s appearing to be Proprietor* on tlie Rrgilter Book to be deemed luch to an fiver Calls, Ac, ,

Duties to b« railed under this Ait.

906	48j GEORGII III. Cap.48.

laden wirh Norway Timber only and no other Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever) for every Ton the Sum of One Shilling and

Sixpence:

For every Foreign Ship or Vefiel trading to the faid River Tees, from any Foreign Fort or Place and laden with Norway Timber only and no other Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever, for every Ton the

Sum ot One Shilling :

All whicn faid Rates and Duties on Tonnage fhall be and are hereby veiled in the faid Company of Proprietors or their Succtflbr? for the Purpofes of this Aft, and /h ill be paid to the Colleftor or Colleftors, or other Perfon or Perfons from Time to Time appointed by the faid Company of Proprietors or their SuccdTors for that Purpofe, in purfu-ance of the Power or Authority herein-before contained, at the Coftom-houle in Stockton aforefaid, at the Time of fuch Ships or VelTels Entry inwards or Clearance or Difcharge outwards, or in cafe any Ships or VelTels lhall not enter as aforefaid, then at any Time before fuch Ships or VelTels lhall leave the faid Port of Stockton.

Government LXV. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That all Vefiels or Veflels Ships of War belonging to His Majelfy and other Vefiels employed in c ' P‘‘ His Majefty’s Service fhall be exempted from the Payment of all and every the Rates and Duties on Tonnage hereby granted.

«

VetTeis driven LXVI. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That all Ships or wither'1'*f Vefiels which lhall be forced into the faid Port of Stockton or into any Part exempted. of the laid River Tees by the Enemy or by receiving Damage at Sea or otherwife, and lhall in the faid Port difcharge and unlade in order to repair any Damage fullained by fuch Ships or Vefiel', and lhall relade the Goods and Merchandizes fo difclurged or unladen, lhall be exempted from the Payment of all and every the faid Rates and Duties on Tonnage hereby granted.

chfele<I°be EXVII. And be it further enafted, That all and every the Rates and conFn? iinhf Duties on Tonnage by this Aft impoled lhall be compuced and charged on Certificate uf all Ships and Vefiels liable to the Payment thereof according to the Ad-meafurement contained in the Certificate of Regiflry of or belonging to Tobemeatur- fuch Ships or Velfels refpeftively, and fhall be colleftcd accordingly; and r- or t*lat 'n ca*e an^ ^acb ^hip or	fhall	be	unregiftered at any Britifb

enSRet'ui'ai to Port or in cafe the Owner or Mailer thereof (hall refufe or decline to tiiew certifi- produce the Certificate of Regiltry thereof, fuch Ship or Vefiel lhall and mav be meafured in the ulual Manner at the faid Port of Stockton, by the Surveyor of the Cuitoms there (who lhall be allowed fuch Sum or Sums of Money for his Trouble as the faid Company of Proprietors fhall think proper) and the faid Rates and Duties on Tonnage lhall be computed, charged, and colleftcd according to fuch laft mentioned Ad meafurement.

Recovery of LXV1II. And be it further enafted. That in cafe of Denial or Negleft of R:>t:s. Payment of any fuch Tonnage Rates or any Part thereof on Demand to the Perfon or Perfons appointed to receive the fame as aforefaid, the faid Com pany of Proprietors may fue for the lime by Aftion of Debt or upon the Cafe in any of His Majelly’s Courts of Record, or the Perfon

or

907

48° GEORGII III. Cap.48.

of Perfons to whom fuch Rates ought to have been paid may and he or they is and are hereby empowered to lcize the Ship or Veffel in re-fpedt whereof any fuch Rates ought to have been paid, together with the Tackle, Rigging, Apparel, and Cargo thereof, and detain the fame until fuch Payment (hall be made, and alfo until Payment of all Arrears of the faid Tonnage Rates which may be due from the Owner or Owners of fuch Ship or Veflel to the faid Company of Proprietors, together with reafonable Charges for fuch Seizure and Detention, and if fuch Snip or Veffel, Tackle, Rigging, and Cargo (hall not be redeemed within Seven Days next after the taking thereof, the fame (hall be appraifed and fold as the I.aw ciiredts in Cafes of Diltrcfs for Rent ; and the faid power to Company of Proprietors (hall have full Power from Time to Time at **jet'0 any dated or fpecial general Affembly to lower all or any of the laid rajfe the tame, Tonnage Rates and again to raife the fame as they (hall think proper, not exceeding the Rates before mentioned, as often as it (hall be deemed neceffary for the Intereft of the faid Navigation and Undertaking.

LXIX. And be it further enadted, That in cafe any Mafteror Owner, or penaityon other Perfon taking upon himfelf the Command, or adting as, or appear- Mafters of ing to be the Mader of any Ship or Veffel liable to the Payment of reiufiiigto the faid Rates or Duties on Tonnage, (hall refufe or decline to produce produce the Certificate of Regidry thereof, or to permit the fame to be mea- Certificate, fufed as aforefaid, or (hall elude or evade the Payment of any fuch Rates or Duties by any Method whatfoever, every fuch Mader or Owner cr o her Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid (hall for every Offence forfeit and pay to the faid Company of Proprietors or their Succeffors a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, and (hall moreover dand charged with and be liable to the Payment of the fame Rates and Duties for or in' refpedt of the fame Ship or Veffel.

LXX. And for the better preventing any Delay or Evafion in the Payment Duties to be of the Rates and Duties on Tonnage impofed by this Aft as aforefaid ; be it further enadted, That no Cudomer, Colledtor, Receiver of En-trance or tries of Ships, Surveyor, Searcher, Waiter, or other Officer whatfoever	at

of His Majedy’s Cuftoms at the faid Port of Stocklon (hall take or houtil receive, or grant or iffue any Entry, Report, Cocket, Permit, Sufferance, or other Difpatch inwards or outwards, for any Ship or Veffel coming into or going out of the faid Port and liable to the Payment of-any of the faid Tonnage Duties until the Mader or Owner of fuch Ship or Veffel (hall produce a Receipt or other fufficient Voucher for the Payment of the faid Rates and Duties on Tonnage from the Colledtor or Coledtors or other proper Perlcn appointed to receive the fame (which Receipt or Voucher fuch Colledtor or Colledtors of the (faid Rates or Duties on Tonnage is hereby required to give without Fee or Reward under the Penalty of a Sum not exceeding Fifty Shillings to the faid Company) and that every Cudomer, Colledtor, Receiver of Entries of Ships, Surveyor, Searcher, Waiter, or other Officer of or concerning the faid Cuftoms making Default in any of the Matters enjoined them by this Adt, (hall forfeit to the faid Company a Sum not exceeding Fifty Shillings.

LXXI. And

908

Duties to be a Port Charge.

Anti .t.T be prty.ib'r for Veilelsdeiiver -ing Cargoes in any Pai.t of the River Tece.

Matters or Owners of Ships anlvrer-ablc for Damage, &c.

48° GEO RG 11 III. Cap. 48.

LXXI. And be it further enatted, That the faid Rates or Duties on Tonnage to be collc&rd from Ships or Veffels as aforefaid (hall be deemed and taken to be a fort Charge, and Two Third Parts thereof (ball be repaid to the Mailer, Owner, or Snip’s Hufband of fuch Ship or Vcfiel by the Merchant or Freighter, Merchants or Freighters, or by his or their Agent or Agents, or bv the Shipper or Shippers, Receiver or Receivers of'fuch Goods as may be taken on board of any Ship or Veffel liable to the faid Rates or Duties on Tonnage, and in cafe ot Refufal to repay fuch Rates and Duties or fuch a Proportion thereof as aforefaid the fame (hall and may be recovered by A&ion at Law as in other Cafes of Debt.

LXXII. Provided always, and be it further enafled, That all Ships ana Veffels being above Ten Tons Regifter Acimcafurrment coming into the faid River lees or any Part theicof, and navigating therein, although the Cargoes of fuch Ships or Veffels or any of them or ary Part hereof re-fpeftively (hall or may be taken in or delivered at Cargo Fleet. Midalef-trough, Newport, Porlrack, or in any other Part of the faid River, or in any Part of the faid intended Cut or Canal, or at any Q_ ay, Wbart, or oilier Place adjoining to or fituate near the lame River o Cut, (hall be charged with and fubject to the Rates and Duties impofed by this Act, and to all fuch Rules, B\e Laws, Orders, and Regulations as (I all be made by virtue of this A£t, in the fame Manner to all Intents and Pur* pofes as if fuch Ships and Vtffcls came to and uled the public Quays at Stockton afertfaid.

LXXIII. And be it further enabled, That the Mailer or Owner of any Ship, Boat, or Barge, or other Vcffcl frequenting, coming to, or lying or being in the faid River Fees, or the faid intended Cut or Canal, or rither of them or any Part thereof refpeftivcly (hall be and is hereby made an-lwerable for any Damage, Spoil, or Mifchief that (hall be done by his Ship, Boar, Barge, or other Veffel, or by any of the Sailors, Boatmen, Watermen, or others belonging to or employed in or about the lame. Unto any of the Ships or Veffels, Wharfs, Buildings, or other Works abutting upon or adjoining to the faid River or Cut, or by loading or unloading any Boat or Barge and for any Trefpafs or Damage that (hall or may be done to the Owners of fuch Ships or Veffels, or the Owners qr Occupiers of any Buildings, Eredlions, Lands, or Tenements adjoining or lying near to the fame or any of them, or any Trefpafs whatfoever, the Amount or Value of fuch Damage, Spoil, or Mifchief, or Trefpafs to be afeertained by any Two Juffices of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Pjace in which fuch Trefpafs or Damage (hall be committed, and to be recovered in like Manner as any Penalty herein mentioned or dire&ed to be recovered ; and in cafe the Owner of any fuch Ship or Veffel, Boat or Barge as aforefaid (hall be compelled to pay any Penalty or to make Satisfaction for any Damage or Trefpafs by reafon of any wilful Aft or Default done or committed by his Servant or Servants, every luch Servant lhall be liable to repay fuch Penalty or the Money paid for any fuch Damage or Trefpafs to fuch Owner, and in cafe of Non-payment thereof upon Demand, the fame (hall be recovered by fuch Owner in like Manner as any Penalty is herein authorized or dire&ed to be recovered.

14

LXXIV. And

48* GEORGII III. Cap.48.

LXXR. And be it further enafted, That from and after the feveral principal Sums of Money (if any) w hich fhall or may be borrowed by the faid Company of Proprietors by virtue of the Powers hereby to them given for that Purpofe and thelntertft attending the fame nfpeftively (hall be fuliy fatisfied and paid, the Rtfidue and Surplus (if any) of the faid Rates and Duties on Tonnage hereby granted -which fhall or may from Time to Time remain after ar.d fhall not be ifTued and applied for the other Purpofes before mentioned, lhail from Time to Time be placed out or invefted in or upon Government or Real Securities at Intereft, in the Name of the faid Company of Proprietors; and the Intereff, Dividends, and Yearly Proceeds arifing and produced from the faid Funds and Securities as the fame fhall come in and be received, fhall from T.me to Time and in like Manner be placed out or invefted according to the Courfe of Compound Intertft, until fuch a Suin of Money lhail be accumulated as fhall produce Intereft or Dividends fufficient to fatisfy and pay as well any Yearly Sum or Sums of Money which may be agreed cr awarded to be paid to any Peifonor Perfons under and by virtue of this Aft byway of Compenfation as before mentioned, as the Dividend or Intertft hereby authorized and direfted to be paid to the faid Company of Piopdetors, and which Intereft or Dividends of fuch accumulated Funds and Securities fhall thenceforth be applied in lieu of the faid Rates and Duties on Tonnage in Difcharge of fuch Yearly Sum or Sums of Money as may be fo agreed or awarded to be paid as laft mentioned and of the Intereft or Dividends hereby authorized and direfted to be paid to the faid Company of Proprietors as the fame fhall relpcftively from Time to Time become due and payable, and then and from thenceforth the laid Rates and Duties on Tonnage hereby granted fhall ceafe and determine; neverthelefs it fhall be lawful for the faid Company of Proprietors from Time to Time when and as eften as they fhall have Occafion to raife any further Sum or Sums of Money for the Purpofes of this Aft, at any ftated or fpecial general Aflembly to order and direft the fame Rates and Duties or any Part or Proportion thereof again to become and continue payable until the Sum or Sums neceflary to be railed as laft-mentioned lhail be collefted and made up but no longer, and the Rates and Duties fo revived or ordered again to become payable fhall from Time to Time be collefted, received, and recovered by fuch Ways and Means as the original Rates or Duties on Tonnage are hereby authorized to be collefted, received, and recovered.

LXXV. And he it further enafted, Thit it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Company of Proprietors or their Committee from Time to Time to call, get in, or difpofe of the faid Money fo to be placed out or invefted as laft hereir.-before mentioned, and to place out or invert the fame again in or upon new or other Government or Real Securities at Intereft as they fhall think proper.

LXXVI. And whereas by making the faid intended Cut or Canal in the Line and Direft ion marked in the faid Plan the Communication now fub-fifting as well between fuch Lands or Hereditaments belonging to or reputed to belong to the faid William ’Todd, William Ruffell, Efquire,’ar,d the Heir or Devilees of Micah Robirtfon deceafed, James Crowe of Stockton aforefaid Merchant, and Matthew Wadefon of the fame Place Merchant, as are fituate, lying, or being on the Southern Side of the Line and Direc-[Lec. tsf Rer.J	10	X	non

909

Application of Surplus of Kates.

Power to

change

Securities.

9io

Owners of Landsiepa-rated by the Cut to have Ferry Boat*.

Power toerrft Bridge at Man dale, and make a Road through the Holmes on the South ot th; Cut.

Ccmpen fation to be made to the Owners cf the Hof met.

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

tion in which the faid Cut or Canal is intended to be made and the Town of Stockton aforefaid, as between the fame Lands or Hereditaments and other Lands or Hereditaments belonging to the fame Perfons refpedlivcly will be interrupted ; be it therefore further enaded. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for all and every the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or other Perfon or Perfons interefted in the faid Lands or Hereditaments on the South Side of the Line or Direction in which the faid Cut or Canal is intended to be made, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof refpedivtly, from Time to Time and at all Times after the faid intended Cut or Canal {hall be made, completed, and tendered navigable, at his or their own Colts and Charges to maintain One or more Ferry Boat or Ferry Boats upon the faid Cut or Canal or any Part thereof, and to ufe the fame for the Purpofe of palling over and acrofs the faid Cut or Canal, or for any other Purpofe which he, (he, or they may think proper, without being fubjedt or liable to pay any Compenfa-tion for the fame: Provided neverchelefs, that all and every fuch Ferry Boat and Feiry Boats as aforefaid fhall be moored at either Side of the faid Cut or Canal in fuch proper and convenient Place or Places as lhall be from Time to Time for that Purpofe fixed by the faid Company of Pioprietors at any general Alfembly or by their Committee, and lhall not in anywife hinder or obftrudt the Navigation of the faid Cut or Canal.

LXXVII. And be it further enadted, That the faid Company of Pro-piietors or their SuccelTors do and (hall and they are hereby directed and required within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months next after they (hall be ordered and required fo to do by the faid Commiffioners at any of their Meetings, at their own Colls and Charges eredt, make, and complete, or caule to be eredled, made, and completed a Wooden Bridge over and acrofs the River Tees at or near Mandate aforefaid, of fuch good, fubftantial, and convenient ConliruCtion, Materials, and Dimenficns, and in fuch Place as lhall be approved of by the faid Commilfioners at any of their Meetings; and alfo do and lhall within the fame Time at their own Cods and Charges puichafe and fet out to the Satisfadlion of the faid Commiffioners ac any of their Meetings fuch convenient Road or Roads, Way or Ways as may be neceffary for a proper Communication for the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or other Perlbns interefted in the faid Lands or Hereditaments on the South Side of the Line or Direction in which the faid Cut or Canal is intended to be made to and from the fame Lands or Hereditaments, over and acrofs the faid Bridge hereinbefore directed to be made, to and from the High Road leading from Guijbrovgb to Stockton aforefaid, the faid Company of Proprietors or their Succellors making Satisfaction in Manner herein-before mentioned for the Lands or Hereditaments which (hail be taken or ufed for making fuch Bridge and Roads, or which lhall be thereby injured, damaged, or other -wife affedted.

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That for or nor-withftanding any Matter or Thing herein-before contained the Owner or Owners or other Perfon or Perfons interefted in any Lands or Hereditaments lying on the Southern Side of the faid intended Cut lhall and may have and receive Coinpenfation in Manner herein-before mentioned for any Damage, Injury, or Inconvenience which he or they may fuffer or fuftain 9	for

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 48.

9i 1

for and during loch Time as he or they lball or may be deprived of a Communication with the Town of Stockton aforefaid or his or their other Lands or Hereditaments, or for or by realon of any other Damage, Injury or Inconvenience which he or they may at any Time or Times from and after the palling of this Aft buffer, fuftain, or be put to by rcafon of the Communication between his or their Lands and the Town of Stockton aforefaid being rendered more circuitous or inconvenient, or for or by rcafon of any Tolls which he or they, or any of them, or I.is their, or any of their Tenants, Servants, Workmen, Horfes, Cattle, or Carriages may become liable to in pafling or going between fuch laft mentioned Lands and Hereditaments and the Town of Stockton aforefaid, or for or by reafon of the Execution of any other of the Powers or Authorities contained in this Aft.

LXXIX. And be it further enafted, That the faid Cut or Canal or any Cut not to he of the Works whatloever to be made by virtue of this Aft fhall not be commiffionof fubjeft to the Controul, Direction, Survey, or Order of any Commiffion Sewcri. of Sewers or to any Law or Statute relating to Sewers whatfoever.

LXXX. And whereas it would tend greatly to the Benefic of the Trade Li^iuhoiUet^ and Navigation of the faid River and to the Security and Safety not only of Ships and Vefiels trading to the faid Port of Stockton but alfo of Ships and Vefiels pafling along the Coaft, to have Lights and Beacons fo conftrufted as to fhew the proper Courle over the Bar of the River Tea, through ■want of which feveral Vefiels are annually loft either in aitempting to enter the faid Riveras a Place of Refuge from tetrpeftuous Weather, or by reafon of Matters and Maiiners not daring to make for that Harbour ; be it therefore further enafted. That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Company of Proprietors if they fhall think proper to ereft or caufe to be erefted the requifue Light Houfes and Beacons for direfting the Courfe of Vefiels over the Bar of the faid River Tees, and to keep the faid Lighc Houfes lighted during the Periods of the Tide in which Vefllls may fately pafs over the faid Bar, and to difeontinue fuch Light Houfes and Beacons at their Will and Pleafure; and that towards defraying the Expence of erefting and maintaining the faid Lights they fhall, during fuch Period only as the faid Lights fhall be regularly maintained and exhibited as aforefaid, be entitled to receive the following Rates for all Veflels crofiing the Bar of the faid River j videlicet.

d

For all Britijh Coafting Veflels entering or going out of the River Tees with Goods chargeable to the aforefaid Tonnage Duties at the Rate of Sixpence per Ton * for each Lower Maft the Sum of

5

For all Britijh Veflels from or to Foreign Ports chargeable with the aforefaid Tonnage Duties at the Rate of Sixpence and Nine-pence per Ton ; for each Lower Maft the Sum of

For all Foreign Veflels chargeable to the aforefaid Tonnage Duties at the Rate of One Shilling and One Sh I'ing and Sixpence per Ton j for each Lower Maft the Sum of

10

For

912

Eueflinghow l he Light Duties (hall be applied.

Penal'y for evading Light

Duties*

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

For all Britijh Veffels entering only for Anchorage, for'j	s:	d*

each Lower Mall for palling Inwards and Outwards, >	—	7	6

the Sum of	J

For all Foreign Veffels entering only for Anchorage, for'j each Lower Mall for palling Inwards and Outwards, >	—	15 —-

the Sum of	J

And which laft mentioned Rates and Duties fhall and may be received and levied by fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Company of Proprietors at any dated or fpecial general Affembly or their Commutee fhall from Time to Time appoint to receive the fame ; and in cafe of Denial or Negleft of Payment of any fuch lad mentioned Rates or any Part thereof on Demand to the Perfon or Perfons appointed to receive the fame as aforefaid, the faid Company of Proprietors may fue frr the fame by A£tion of Debt or upon the Cafe in any of His Majcdy’s Courts of Record or in the Court of Pleas at Durham, or the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch lad mentioned Rates ought to have been paid may and he or they is and are hereby empowered to fecure the Ship or Vcffil in ie-fpedl whereof any fuch laft mentioned Rates ought to have been paid, together with the Tackle, Rigging, Apparel, and Cargo thereof, ard 10 detain the fame until fuch Payment fhall be made knd alio until Pay nunc of all Arrears of the faid lad mentioned Rates which may be due from the Owner or Owners of fuch Ship or Veffel to the faid Company of Proprietors, together with reafonab’e Charges for fuch Seifure and Detention ; and if fuch Ship or Veffel, Tackle, Rigging, and Cargo (ball nut be it-deemed within Seven Days next after the laking thereof, the fame fh;.ll be appraifed and fold as the Law directs in Cafes of D fbeis for Rent; and the faid Company of Proprietors fhall have full Power from 1 ime to Time at any dated or fpecial general Affembly to lower all or any of the lad mentioned Rates and again to raife the fame as they fliali think proper, not exceeding the Rates before mentioned, as often as it fhall be deemed neceffjry.

LXXXI. And be it further crafted, That the Rates and Duties to be received for or on Account of the faid Lights (hall be applied in dilcharge of the Sum of One hundred Pounds, Part of the Expences of obtairmg and palling this Act, and in or towards defraying the Expence or erecting and maintaining the faid Light Houfe or other the Expences relative thereto, and to and for no other Purpofe whatfoever; and that in cafe fuch Rates or Duties (hall at any Time or Times hereafter be found to be more than diffident for anfwering thefe Purpofes, then and as dften as it lhall fo happen the fame Rates or Duties (hall be reduced by the faid Company of Proprietors, who lhall have Power to raife the lame again as Occalion (hall require for the Purpofes aforefaid not exceeding the Rates beforementioned.

LXXXII. And be it further enafled, That in cafe any Mailer or Owner or other Perfon taking upon hiralelf the Command, or ading as or appearing to be the Mailer of any Ship or Veffel liable to the Payment of the faid lafl mentioned Rates orJL)uties, (hall refufe or by any Method whatfoever elude or evade the Payment of any fuch lafl mentioned Ratfs or Duties, every fuch Mailer or Owner, or other Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid, lhall fov every Offence forfeit and pay to the faid Company of

Proprietors

9i3

48® GEORGII III. Cap.*8.

Proprietors or their SuccefTors a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, and Ihall moreover ftand charged with and be liable to the Payment of the faid laft mentioned Rates and Duties for or in refpeft of the fame Ship or VclTel.

LXXXIII. And be it further enafted, That it Ihall and may be lawful for t0ltlle the faid Company of Proprietors and they are hereby authorized and empowered at any of their ftated or fpecial general AfTemblies by any Writing under their Common Seal at any Time or Times to let to farm all or any of the Rates hereby granted unto any Perfon or Perfons for any Time or Terms as they Ihall think proper, not exceeding Three Years from the Commencement of any Leafe, and every fuchLeafe Ihall be valid and effectual, and the Leffee or Leflces thereof and all fuch Perfon or Perfons as fuch Lefiee or Leffees Ihall appoint to collect and receive the Rates fo let Ihall during the Continuance of every fuch Leafe be deemed Collectors of the Rates fo let, and (hall have the fame Power and Authority for collecting and recovering the fame as if they had been appointed for that Purpofe by the faid Company of Proprietors, provided public Notice of the Intention to let the faid Rates or any of them or any Part thereof relpeCtively be given in Writing under the Hands of the faid general Committee or their Clerk by Advertifement publidied in any Two or more Newfpapers ufually circulating in the County of Durham and the North Riding of the County of York, at lead Thirty-one Days prior to every fuch general Afiembly at which the faid Rates or any of them or any Part thereof re-fpeftivcly are propofed to be let as aforefaid.

LXXXIV. And be it further enafted, That the refpedlive Perfons who Recovery of have fubfcribed or Ihall hereafter fubfciibe to advance any Money for and Sub<cr,Pt!on** towards making and maintaining the faid Canal or Cut and the other Works hereby authorized and direfted to be made, Ihall and they are hereby required to pay the Sums which (hall have been by them refpec-tively fubfcribed or (fuch Parts and Proportions thereof) as Ihall from Time to Time be called for by the faid general Committee by virtue of the Powers and Direftions of this Aft, at fuch Times and Places and in Rich Manner as (hall be direfted by the faid Company or the faid general Committee in Manner before mentioned; and in cafe any of fuch Sub-feriters Ihall negleft or refufe to pay the fame at the Time and Place and in the Manner required as aforefaid, it Ihall be lawful for the faid Company of Proprietors to fue for and recover the fame in any Court of Law or Equity.

LXXXV. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That every Deed, □ Conveyance, or Judgement which Ihall or may be made, obtained, or the North entered into under or by virtue of this Aft, or any of the Powers, Autho-	be

rities, or Direftions herein contained, of or concerning or whereby any 6 Honors, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in the North Riding of the County of York, may be any way affefted at Law or in Equity, Ihall be fubjrft to the Provifions of a certain Aft of Parliament made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majefty King George the Second, intituled. An Afl for th: public regiftering of all Deeds, Conveyances, Wills, and ether Incumbrances that Jhall be made of or that may ajfeft hny Honors, Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the North Riding of the Courti of York, after the Ninc-and-twentieth Day df Sep-[£,«. Ss* Peri]	to Y—Z	tember.

9*4	4	S*	GEORG II III. Cap. 48.

tember, One thou fund /even hundred and thirty-fix, but nevertbelel's that luch laft mentioned Aft (hall not extend or beconftrucd to extend to any Share or Shares of any Subfcriber orSubfcribers, Proprietor or Proprietors, of and in the laid Tees Navigation Company, or to any Alignment or Aflignmenti, Mortgage, or Mortgages, or other Deed, Matter, or Thing in anywife concerning or affefting the fame.

savingClaufj. LXXXVI. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted. That nothing in this Aft contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to take away, impeach, abridge, reftrain, alter, prejudice, or affeft any Rights, Eftates, Anchorage, Plaokage, or other Duties, Tolls, Cuftoms, Powers, Jurif-diftions. Privileges, or Advantages whatfoever of or belonging to the Lord B(hop of Durham or hjs SuccclTors, or any Perfon or Perlons claiming under him, them, or, any of them, or of or belonging to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgeffes of the Borough of Stockton aforefaid, or of any Perfon or Pcrfons claiming under them, or of or belonging to any ether Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, whom-foever, otherwife and except inafmuch as the fame are by this Aft ex-prcfsly taken away, reftrained, altered, or affected.

LXXXVII, And, be it further enafted. That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures hereby inflifted or authorized to be impqfed or which (hail be inflifted or impofed by virtue of any Rule, Order, or Bye Law to be made in purfuance of this Aft (of which Rule, Order, or Bye Law when produced all Juftices are hereby required to take Notice) the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not otherwife hereby particularly de-feribed, (hall upon Proof of the Offences refpeftively given before any Juftice of the Peace for the County where fuch Offence (hall be committed, either by the Confeflion of the Party or Parties offending or by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Wirneffes, (which Oath fuch Juftice of the Peace is hereby empowered and required to adminifter) be levie^ by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Partjes offending or liable to pay the fame by Warrant o/ Warrants under the Hand and Seal of fuch Juftice, and the Overplus after fuch Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and the Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale aye recovered and deducted, (hall be returned upon Demand unto the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels, and the Monies arifing from fuch Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures when levied (hall (if not herein otherwife direfted to be applied) be paid into the Hands of theTreafurer of the Monies to be raifed by virtue hereof, to be applied and difpofed of1 for the Purpofcs of,this Aft and to and fpr no other Ufe or Purpofp whatfoever; and in cafe lufficient Diftrefs (hall not be found, and fuch Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures (hall not forthwith be paid, it (hall be lawful for luch Juftice of the Peace and he is hereby authorized and required by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal tocaufefuch Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Comropn Gaol or Houfe of Correction of the faid County, thereto remain without Bail or Mainpri^p any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures and all realonable Charges (hall be fooner paid and falisfied.	• , ,

.	. v	.	.	..	,\\	, d

LXXXV11I. And, for the more eafy and fpeedy Conviftion of Offenders againft this Aft, be it further enafted, That all and every the Juftice and

Juftices

Recovery ®f Penaltiej.

48' GEORGII III. Cap.48.	915

Juftices of the Pearc before whom any Perfon or Perfons (hall be committed of any Offence againft this Aft fhall and may caufe the Conviftion to be drawn up in the following Form of Words or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effeft, as the cafe fhall require; (that is to fay),

‘ DE it remembered that on the	Day of ^°0rn”

« ■*“'	in	the	Year of our Lord

‘ A. B. is convifted before me C. D. One of His Majefty’s Juftices of the

*	Peace for the County of	(fpecifying	the	Offence	and Time

*	and Place when and where the fame was committed as the Cafe fhall be.)

*	Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year aforefaid.’

LXXX1X. And be it further enafted. That no Order or other Proceed-’ pIOcetdiiigt ing to be made or had by or before any Juftice of the Peace or to be other- not to be wife made or had in purfuance of this Aft, fhall be quafhed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed by Certiorari into any of His Ma-jefty’sCourts of Record at Wejlminjltr or client here, and that where any Dif-tref’s fhall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Aft, the Diltrefs itfclf fhall not be deemed unlawful nor the Party or Parties making the fame be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaffers on Account of any Want of Form in the Summons, Conviftion, Warrant of Diftrefs, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor fhall the Party or Parties diflraining be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaffers ab initio on Account of any Irregularity which (hall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties diflraining, but the Perfon or Perfons aggrieved by fuch Irregularity fhall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Aftion upon the Cafe: Provided always, that all and every Auprai to the Perfon or Perfons who fhall think himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves ag- Semom. grieved by any Order or Judgment made or given in purfuance of any Rule, Bye Law, or Order of the Did Company of Proprietors, or by the Order or Determination of any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace in purfuance of this Aft (where fuch Order or Determination is not declared to be final) may within. SixCalendar Months after fuch Order fhall have been made or given complain to the Juftices of the Peace at their next General Quarter Scffions of the Peace to be held in and for the County where fuch Caufe of Appeal fhall arife, who fhall in a fummary Way either hear or determine the (aid Complaint, or if they thinklproper may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General Quarter Seflions of the Peace to be holden for the faid County, and if they fee Caufe may mitigate any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and may order any Money to be returned which fhall have been levied in purfuance of luch Rule, Bye Law, Order, or Determination, and may alfo order fuch Satisfaftion to be made to the Party injured as they fhall think realcnable.

XC. And be it further enafted. That all and every Perfon and perfomg;,ing Perfons who in any Examination to be taken by virtue of this Aft f»if« Evidence fhall give falfe Evidence before any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, of ?tr* fhall and may be profecuted for the fame, and upon Conviftion thereof fhall be fubjeft to fuch Punifhments and Difqualification as any Perfon or Perfons can or may be fubjeft to for wilful and corrupt Perjury by any of the Laws or Statutes of this Realm.

XCI. And be it further enafted, That if any Aftion, Suit, or Informa. Limitation of tion fhall be brought or commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any Actions. *

Thing

9t6

Public Ail.

t

+8° GEORG II III. Cap. 48.

I hmg done in purluance of this Ail or in the Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities, or the Orders and Dircftions jicrcin-before given and granted, every fuch Aftion, Suit, or Information (hall be brought or commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fail committed, or in cafe there (hall be a Continuation of Damages, then within Six Calendar Months next after the doing or committing fuch Damage lhalf ceale and not afterwards, and (hall be laid or brought in the County where the Matter in Difpute or Caufe of Aftion mall arife and noc elfewhere, and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Aftion, Suit or Information (hall and may plead the general Iffue a nd give this Aft and the fpecial Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and alledge that the fame was done in purfuance and by the Authority of this Aft; and if it (hall appear to have been fo done, or if any Aftion, Suit, or Information (hall be brought after the Time fo limited for bringing the fame, or (hall be brought in any other County or Place than as atorefaid, then and in fuch Cafe the Jury (hall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall become Nonfuit or fuffer a Difcon-tinuance of his, her, or their Aftion, Suit, or Information after the Defendant or Defendants lhall have appeared, or if a Verdift (hall pafs againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer or otherwife'Judge-ment (hall be given againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants in every fuch Cafe (hall have Treble Cods, and (hall have fuch Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Cofts of Suit in other Cafes of Law.

XCII. And be it further enafted. That this Aft (hall be deemed and taken to be a Public Aft, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moll Excellent Majefty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

<MHMt»»i|HK*»**»*****»***»*»****»,*jl6***********'*************

Cap. 49.

An Aft to a mend and enlarge the Powers of the feveral Afts relating to the 1Cwcejler and Birmingham Canal Navigation.	[27th	May	1808.]

WHEREAS an Aft was paflcd in the Thirry-firlt Year of the jiG.j.c. Reign of His prefent Majelty, intituled. An AR for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from or from near to the ‘Town of Birmingham in the County of Warwick to communicate with the River Severn nyar to the City of Wurctfler, whereby certain Perfons therein named, and their Succcflbrs, Executors, Adminiitrators, and Afligns, together with fuch Perfon or Perfons as they fhouid nominate and appoint under their Hands and Seals, were incorporated and united into a Company for car* rying on, making, completing and maintaining the faid navigable Can*l palTable for Boats, Barges and other Veffels, and were incorporated by the Name hf The Company of Proprietors of the IVorceJler and Birmingham Canal Navigation, and by that Name Were to have perperual Succeflion and a common Seal, with fuch Powers as in the faid Aft are mentioned; and the faid Company were authorized and empowered to raife and contribute amongft themfelves, in fuch Propcrtions as to them (hould feem meet and convenient, fuch Sum or Sums of Money for making, com-[Lec. Csf Per ]	u	A	pitting,

922

48a GEORGII III. Cap. 49-

pVting and maintaining the faid Canal, the Refervoirs, Feeders, Ways* Quays, Wharfs, Landing Places and other Works and Conveniences to the fame belonging or requifite, as fhould be jiidged fufficient, not exceeding the Sum of One hundred and eighty thoufand Pounds (except as 'herein is mentioned); and the Money lo to be raifed is thereby direfted to be laid out and applied in the firft Place for and towards the Difcharge of all Fees and Difburfements for obtaining the faid Aft, and for making the Surveys, Plans and Eftimates incident thereto, and all other Expences relating to the fame, and all the Refidue of fuch Money for and towards making, completing and maintaining the faid Canal and other Purpofes of the faid Aft; which faid Sum of One hundred and eighty thoufand Pounds, or fo much thereof as fhould be raifed by the feveral Perions thtrein-beforc named, was to be divided into One thouland eight hundred Shares at a Price nor exceeding One hundred Pounds a Share, a$ therein is mentioned ; and in cafe the faid Sum of One hundred and eighty tliou-fand Pounds fhould be found inefficient for making, completing and maintaining the faid Canal and other Works by the faid Aft authoriz'd and dirvfted to be made, and all neceffary Charges and Expences relating thereunto, then the faid Company of Proprietors are thereby authorized to raife and contribute among themfelvts, in Manner in the faid Aft mentioned, any further Sum of Money for the Purpofes of the faid Aft, not exceeding the Sum of Seventy thoufand Pounds; and in cafe the faid Company of Proprietors fhould be defirous of raifing the faid Sum of Seventy thoufand Pounds by Mortgage of the Did Undertaking, they are thereby empowered to borrow and take up at Intereft all or any Part of the faid Sum of Seventy thoufand Pounds upon the Credit of the faid Undertaking, as to them fhould feem fit and convenient, and to aflign the Property of the faid Navigation, and the Rates granted to the faid Company of Proprietors by the faid Aft, or any Part thereof, a$ a Security, to any Perfun orPcrfons for any Sum or Sums of Money fo’to be borrowed , and for the Security of the Owners and Occupiers of the Mills on the Rivers Arrow and Rea, in the faid Aft mentioned, the faid Company of Proprietors are thereby required, at their own Expence, immediately after the making of the faid intended Canal oVef the River Arrow, to make and complete Two Refervoirs at the Places and in the Manner in die faid Aft mentioned, and all’o at their own Expence, immediately after the making of the faid intended Canal over the River Rea, to make and complete Three Refervoirs at the Places in the Lid Aft mentioned, for the Ulc and Supply of the faid Mills on the faid Rivers Arrow and Rea-, and the faid Canal being by the faid Aft propofed to be made within the Diftance of about one Mile of a Cabal made by virtue of an Aft of Parliament of the Eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, called The Dro'twicb Canal, which might occafion a Diminution in the Profits of the Company of Pr< prictors of that Canal; and iheCompany of Proprietors of the Worcejler and Birmingham Canal Navigation having agreed to make'Compenlation to the Company of Proprietors of the Droitwicb Canal Navigation far any Diminution in their Piofits that might be occafiur.ed by making the faid Wlircefitr and Birmingham Canal, it is by the faid Aft i f the Thirty-fir ft of His prefent Majelty enafted, that in cafe it fhould happen in any Year, from the Twenty-fourth Day qf June One thoufand (even hundred and ninety-one, tha: the clear Profits of the Company of Proprietors of the Droitwitcb Canal Navigation fhould not amount to Five Pounds per Centum upon every Share in the faid Navigation, confidering every fuch Share

to

4-8* GEORG 11 III. Cap. 19,	923

to be of the Value of One hundred and fix y Pounds at the lead, the faid Company of Proprietors of the Worcefler and Birmingham Canal Navigation lhould, and they are thcieby dircftrd and trqu red to make up fuch Deficiency to the f4id Company of Proprietors of the Droitwicb Canal Navigation, and fo from Tune to Time as often as any fuch D ficicncy fhould happen ; and the laid Company of Proprietors of the IVorccjitr and Birmingham Canal Navigation arc thereby alfo required, within Thirty Days n xt after the End of every Year from the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, to fettle with the Company of Proprietors of the laid Droituich Canal Navigation the faid annual Compenfation, and make up fuch Deficiency as aforefaid to thefaid Company of Proprietors of the Droitwicb Canal Navigation, in cafe it fhould happen 'hat in the preceding Year the clear Piofits of the Company of Pr prieturs of the Droitwicb Canal Navigation fhould not amount to Five Pounds per Centum upon every Share in the faid Navigation, con-fideringevery luchShnre tobe oftheValuecf O ,e hundredandSixty Pounds:

And whereas by another Aft, palled in the Thirty-eighthYearof the Reign jsG-s-c, of His faid pielent Majefly, for amending and enlarging the Powers of the fit ft above-mentioned Aft, whereby the faid Company of Proprietors were authorized and empowered to raife and contribute among thcmfelves in Manner in ihe faid Aft mentioned, or by the AHmifiion of new S .b-feribers, or by granting Annuities, or by Mortgage of the Rates aphorized to be collefted by the firft therein and herein recited Aft, and by the Aft now in recital, any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purpofcs ot the fan) Afts, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One hundred and forty-nine thoufand nine hundred and twenty-nine Pounds One Shilling and One Penny Halfpenny ; and in cafe the Did Sum or any Part thereof fhould be raifed by Subfcription, the faid Sum fhould be divided into Two thoufmd one hundred and fifiy-nine H-ilf Shares, each Half Share to he of the Value if S xry-nine Pounds Eight Shillings and Ten Pence Halfpenny :

And whereas the Sum ir Price mentioned in the laft retittd Act for the Adtf. ffion of n w Sublcribeis was fo hi..h that no Perfi n was found to fubfci ibe or did fuhfcrihe, or take any Sha e or Half Shares therein, or applied to take or did tilce any Annuities authorized to be granted by the faid Aft, or lend any Monies bv Mortgage thereof. Eve as hercin-after is mmri ned: And wheteas another Aft was palled in the Forty-fourth 4+G.j.c.3j, Year of the Reign of His faid pr, fenc Majelty, intituled, An Aft for crinkling the Company of Proprietors of the VVorctftrr ad Birmingham Canal Navigation fo raife Monty to difeharge ibtir Dells, and to complete the faid Canal Nav:gtiffin, and Jit amending the feveral ABs faffed for making the Jaid Canal Navigation, reciting the faid Two former Afts, and alleging rhat the whole of the Money railed under the Eid former Afts had been expended (Eve and rxfcept a Irriall Part thereof, which through the In-lolvency or Inability of Tome of the Proprietors had not then been paid), and that' the E’d Company of Proprietors had incurred fundry Debts in the Profecluior: erf the laid Unde.taking, and for a Compenfation to the tompany of Pr; prietorS of the Eid Droitwicb Canal Navigation, amounting to the Sum of Ten thoufand Pounds and upwards, and th^t there was then an Arrear of One thoufand nine hundred Pounds and upwards due to the Company of P.oprictors of the Eid Droitwicb Canal Navigation, in order to make up fuch Deficiency of Compenfation as aforefaid, and that almoft the whole of the faid Refervoirs then alfo remained unfintfhed, and which would cod the Sum of Seventeen thoufand Pounds and upwards to ^	complete

24

4-S! GEORGII. III.	Cap.49.

tomplcte and finifh, and that a great Part of the Did Undertaking then, remained unfinished ; and further reciting that the Occupiers of the Milk on the faid River Rea, in the faid firft recited Aft mentioned, had applied, ro His Majerty’s Court of King's Bench at H'eftminfter, for a Writ of Mandamus to compel the faid Company of Proprietors at their own Expence to make and complete the Three Refcrvoi.s for the Benefit of the faid Mills, at the Places and in Manner in the faid Aft ditefted to be made, immediately after the making of the faid Canal over the faid River Rea, and which Canal had been then fomeTime made over the faid Rivery and alto reciting that the faid Company of Proprietors of the Droitwicb Canal Navigation had commenced Aftions againft the faid Company of Proprietors of the Worcefter and Birmingham Canal Navigation, to com* pel Payment of Arrears due to the faid Droitwicb Canal Company, and had obtained Judgment againft the faid Company of Proprietors of the Worcefter and Birmingham Canal Navigation, and that the faid Court of King’s Bench had granted a peremptory Mandamus againft the laft mentioned Company of Proprietors to compel them to make the faid Three Refervotfs laft mentioned, and v. hich alone would coft the Sum of Ning thoufand three hundred Pounds and upwards ; and that the faid Company of Proprietors had found it impracticable to raife by Mortgage of the faid Undertaking, or by the other Ways and Means in the laid recited Aft of the Thirty-eighth Year of His prefent Majefty mentioned. Money for’ difcharging their faid Debts, making the faid Refrrvoirs, or for carrying on the Works of the faid Canal, the faid Company of Proprietors were by the now icrited Aft of the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty authorized and empowered to raife in Manner therein mentioned any Sum cr Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Forty-nine thoufand fix hundred and eighty Pounds, over and above the faid Sums of One hundred and eighty thoufand Pounds and Seventy thoufand Pounds authorized to be railed by the faid firft recited Aft: And whereas the faid Company of Proprietors have not been able to raife, by virtue of the Powers of the faid recited Aft of ihe Thirty-eighth Year of His faid prefent Majefty, any Sum or Sums of Money whatfoever, fave and except the Sum of Four thoufand Pounds which they have borrowed on Mortgage by virtue of the Powers of the laid recited Aft : And whereas the faid Company of Proprietors have proceeded in the making and completing a very confiderable Part of the faid Navigation and Works by the faid recited Afts authorized to be made, and have expended in the faid Navigation and Works not only the whole of" the faid Sums of One hundred and eighty thoufand Pounds, Seventy thoufand Pounds, and Forty-nine thoufand fix hundred and eighty Pounds (lave and except a Imall Part thereof, which through the Inlolvency or Inability of feme of the Propiietors h s not yet been paid), and alfo the faid Sums raifed by Mortgage as aforrfaid, but have incurred fundry Deb s in the Profecution of the faid Undertaking, and for Land taken for the Ufe of rhe faid Navigation and the Works appertaining thereto, and fur Coin-penfation to 'he laid Company of Proprietors < f (he laid Droitwicb Canal Navigation, amounting in the whole to the Sum of Fight tnoufind Pounds and upwards, and there being an Arrcar of Three thoufand three hundred Pounds and upwards ^P.:rt of the faid Sum of Eight thoufand Pounds and upwards) due to the faid Company of Proprietors of the ftid Droitwicb Canal Navigation, in order to make up the Deficiency of fuch Compenfa-tion as aforcuid, and the Arrears which have accrued fince the_ palling of

489 GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

(he faid Aft of the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of Hiafaid prrfrnt M.j Ily ; and as One of the faid Rrf'eivoirs for the Ufe and Supply 0f ihe Mills on the faid River Ren, and the faid Two Refervoirs for the Ufe and Supply of the Mills on the River Arrow, ytt remain upfiniflied, which will cull the .Sum of Eight thoufand nine hundred.Pounds and upwards to complete and finilh, and a gr at Part-of the faid Undertaking alfo yet re. mains unfinilhea, whereby the Publick are deprived of the Ben-fit and Advantage formerly held forth to them, and the Propiietors of Shares in the Lid Undertaking arc lding thofe Benefits which we'e expected to a;ile to them from the laid Navigation: And whereas the laid Con pany of Prb-piietors are obljjted immediately to raife feveral Sums of Money for the Purpofes aforcfaid, and have hitherto found it impracticable to raife by Mortgage of fhe laid Undertaking (lave as aforcfaid), o by the other Ways and Means in the faid recited Aft of the Thirty-eighth Yeir of His pie. fent Majcfty mentioned, Money for difeharging their faid Debts, making the faid R.feivoirs, or for cariying on, completing, and Rubbing the Works of the faid Canal, and have no other practicable Means of la.fn.g the fame without the Aid and Alliltance of Parliament: And whereas the Powers and Provifions of the faid recited Afts have in other Itcfpects been fuund infnfGcient and inconvenient, and it is requifite that the fame fl^puId 'be aliened and amended : May it therefore pleale Your Majefty that it may be enacted j and be it enafted by the King's molt Excellent Majelty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, In this prefent Parliament aff-mblcd, and by the Authority of the fame. That it lhall and may be lawful for the faid Company cf Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to raife fuch Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Supi of One hundred and fixty-cight thoufand Pounds, and fuch additional Sum as hercin-after mentioned, in cafe the fame (hall be found tieieffny lor the Purpofes aforefaid, ove- and abpvethe before-mentioned Sums otMmj-y, or fo much thereof as the faid Company of Proprietors haye been or fhall be able to get in and receive, and notwithltanding that the fame Sum$ have not been wholly raifed and received as afortlaid; any Thing in the faid Afts, or any or either of them, contained to ihe contrary thereof not. withftanuing.

925

Power to raife a¥urtl er bujn of Money.

II. And be it further enafted, That it fhall be lawful for the faid Com- M-'.of pany of Proprietors, and they "are hereby authorized and empowered to r*ii;«the raife, either by voluntary Subfgription amongft themLlves,.. or by the Mo“CJ" AdmiTion of new Subfcribers, any further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the aforcfaid Sum of Onp hundred and fixtv-eight thoufand Pounds, except as hcrein-after is mentioned; and in cafe the Lid Sum of One hundred and fixty-eight thoufand Pounds lhall be r.afrd by voluntary Sublcription as aforefaid, the Lid Sum (ball be divided into Four thoufand two hundred additional Shares, each Share to be of the Value of Forty Pounds, which Share fhall be deemed Perfonal £ltjre, un'd be tranfmiilible as fuch; and all Perfons who (hall as aforciaid luhieribe fur or othei wife become entitled thereto, and their feveral and yfpi-ftive ■ Executors, Adminiftrators, and Affigns, lhall be, and they arc hereby declared to be, the Owners or Prnpnetprs of the faid addition.il Stur.es in the faid Undertaking, and lhall be, anp they are hereby united,and incoi. porated w.th the faid Com; any of Pjpprietors of the faid IV^eJl'r and Hi>mingham Canal Navigation; and the feveral Powers, Directions. Pc-Per.]	n	A	'	nalties,

9^6	4-8*11©EORQII	494	J-'	#

mlt its, Faifieitures, and Provifiotfe. contained in the faid fir ft' recited Aft, fubj^ft never*hc1fcfs;to theProvifions, Directions, and Regulations herein contained, Aval I extend to thetcalling for, raifingSums for, and recovering the feveral SumsFio be! fubfcribtd for the Did additional Shares, and for compelling and obliging -the feveral Subfcribers for or Proprietors of the laid additional Shares to pay the refpeftjve Sums to be voluntarily lub-feribed as aforelaid, and for transferring and entering the fame, and in ail other Refpefts relating thereto, m like Manner as if the lam- we e Part of the Money authorized: to be raifed by virtue of the laid fi. lt retired Aft, or as if. the lame fcveral Powers', D.rcftiora, Penalties. Fotrcitures, and. other Provtfions contained in the faid 6rft recited Aft were tepe ted and re-enacted in this Aft, fubjeft ncverthelefs as herein-altir >s men. tinned \ and that all and every Perfons, and- their feveral and refpedive Executors, Adminiftrators, and Alfigns, who fhall fevetallv fubfenbe and pay the Sumof Forty Pounds for each and tvery of the faid additional Shares.rftiall^tngcther wi.h the original Subftribers to the Undertaking, be entitle^' to land receive an equal proportionate Part of the net Profits and Advantages that fhall or may arife and accrue to the faid Company1 Gf/Propri^tojstby!virtue of the faid recited Afts and this Aft; and all and every the faid additional Shares, and alfo the Pcifons rrfpcftively entitled thereto, (hall be fubjrft to the like Regulations and Piovifions as Slin ni T>w,q the original Shares in the.faid Navigation are liable to, lave as hciein-after mentioned, orotherwife provided ; and that in the Qualification of Pro-' «.l prietors to vote in the General and other Affemblies, each and every Pro-\	,	.	Victor	of One or knore fuch additional Shares (hall be entitled to give his

©r her Vote or Voles, either in/'Perfon or by Proxy, as the Proprietors of the driginal Shares arc entitled to do.

-itqoiM io ynrqmoD Ld t» i toI <«•*..	.cm bn.: I:	i	u	-

ma'b* "7 1 ^-^1-'Prc»lidfd»»lirays, and be it further enafted, That in cafe the f id by Mortgage. Cohn parry Proprietors lhall think it more advifable or proper to raife the laid Sun^nefTOne hundred and fixty-eight thoufand Pounds, or any Part thereof, by Mortgage of the Rates authorized to be collrfted on the ftid Canal, or by granting Annuities with Benefit of Survivorihip, or otherwife payable out of the faid Rates or any of them, inftead of railing the faid Sum by voluntary Subfcriptions among themfclver, or by the Admiflion of new Subscribers, then it (hall be lawful for the laid Company either to borrow and take up at Intereft by any fuch Mortgage as aforefaid, from any Perfon or Perfons upon the Credit of the Did Races or any of them, the faid Sum of One hundred and fixty-eight: thoufand Pounds or ar.y Part thereof, ot to raife any fuch Money-by ihe granting of fuch Annuity.or Annuities as aforefaid, to or for the Ufc of any Perlon or Perfons who (hall contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the Treafutcr of the faid Company of Proprietors any fuch Sum or Sums of Money as the faid Cornpany lhall agree upon for the abfolutc Porchafe of any fuch Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable for any Term or Number of Years, or during the natural Lives of every fuch Contributor, or the natural Life of fuch Perfon at (hall be nominated by or on the Behalf of fuch Contributor at the Time of the Payment of his or her Contribution or Purchafe Money, and eiihef,.whh or without Benefit of Surviver-fhip; and the Did Company of. Jfyoprietors are hereby authorized and empowered to aflign and make ov« their Intereft and Property in the fa d Canal, and the Rates t<5 arife by tissue of the faid two firft recited Aft«, or any Part thereof, as a Security pr Securities for any Sum or Sums of jfc »;r * v \zs ,bitl? : V ' ; mro .. »	F:	. • t Money

48° GEORG 11 III. .r Cap. 49.- *.

Money fo to be borrowed with Intereft, or taken up bv the granting of lucli Annuity Or Annuities as a'orefaid, to the Perf m or Perfons who dwfl advance the fame, or to hi6, her, or their Tru tee or Truftees, by Deed of Mortgage or Grant of Annuity or Annuities, in like Mannei and Form, and with and fubjeft to the like Powers and Dicrftions f n transferring every fuch M-rtgage and Annuity and regiltering the fame, and to the like Kemedies, Regulations, and Provifions touching and concerning the fame, and the Intereft and Annuity thereby to be fecured, as are men* tioned or contained in and bv the Did Two firft recited Afts, or either of thrmv rejpefting the borrowing of Money and granting Annuities and the Securitie to be made for the fame; and all Perfons to whom anv Mortgage or M rtgages have hitherto been made for fecuring the Did Stun of Four thouland Pounds and Intereft, and alfo all Perfons to whom any Mortgage or Mortgages, or Annuity or Annuities, (hall be made or granted under any of the Powers of this Aft, fhall be equally entitled one vyich another to the Rates and Property thereby aflignetl, in Proportion to the Inttrtft of the Sum or Sums tor which fuch Mortgage or.Mortgages (hall be executed, and the Annuity or Annuities thereby granted, without any Preference by reafon of the Priority of Date of any fuch Mcrtgage or Grant of Annuity, or otherwife.	*>nJ	ytaya	bgfc

] ' r .1 ■ m	'	*• •	•	t't.Hui

IV.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe the faid Sum of One hundred and fixty eight thoufand Pounds herein-before authorized to .-few raifed, Ihould be found infufficient for completing the Did Canal, and other the Pcrpofcs af >re(»id, and the faid Company of Proprietors (hall not be able to rafe Monies for the Did Purpofes by Mtj'Jgtge, or other the Means in the Did recited Aftstor either of them, authorized and granted, then it (hall and may be lawful for the laid Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby author zed and empowered!to raife any fuch Sum or Su ns of Money as (hall from Time to Time be found neerffarjf for paying and discharging the Debts owing by the Did Company of Proprietors, and fuch further Debts as :he\ foall contract in the completing of the Did Canal, Refervoirv, Cuts, and Work’, not exceeding ih thfe wliole the Sum of Forty thoufand Pounds, over and above the before-mentioned Sum of'One hundred and fiicy-eight thoufand Pounds; or fo much of the faid feveral Sums of One hundred arideighty thoufand Pounds, Seventy thoufand Pounds, anj Forty-nine thoufand fix hundred and eighty Pounds, as the faid Company have been or, (hall beahlejo get in and receive, and nocwichftan'Jing that; the fame Sums have not bcea wholly railed and received aslaforcfuid, any Thing in the fatd Afts or either ot them contained to the contrary notwithftanding ; which laid Sum of Forty thoufand Pounds lhall be railed by the faid Company ot Proprietors by Means of creating new or-additional Shares in the Did Undertaking, not exceeding One thoufand Shares, and difpoftng of the lame to fuch Perfon or Perfons, and at fuch Price or Prices, not le(s than Forty Pounds a Share, as the Did Company of Proprietors, or their Committee for the Time being, (hall from Time to Time think expedient or necefi-Dry for that Purpole; and that the refpeftive Proprietors of any fu<}h laft mentioned additional Shares, to be created by virtue of this Aft as afortfaid, lhall be and beco.pe entitled to an equal Share or Divifion of the Profit’ of the Did Navigation, and to fuch and the fame Powers, Privileges, and Advantages, arid be fubjeft to fuch and the Dme Rcftriclions, Penalties, an J Forte tores, as the Proprietors of the faid additional F-ur thoufand two hundred Shares, to be created as aforefaid, are by this Aft

entitled

927

Powpr fo nifb

n ’urt'ier Sum in c * the laid S.nn of 168.0001 (hnty be mfufikienu

>Viti

|k|5ioM \<i

92 8	4-8° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 4$. <

entitled and liable to; and the Admiflion of every Pt-rfon many fuch additional Shares by any Order orRefolutionof the Lid Company of Proprietor*, or their Committee for the Time being as aforefaid, Ihall be good and effeftual Titles to fuch Perron orPerl'ons, and hi', her, or their refpeft ve Executor or Adminiftrators, on his, her, or their Payment to the laid Company of Proprietors of the Pmchafe Money or Price agreedrfot the lame; which Money fo to be railed by the Ways and Means Ijjft rr.entionje.i fhall- be paid, applied, and difpofed of in the Liquidation ancPTDifcnarge 6f the Debt< of the faid Company of Proprietors, and in fimfhing and coni-* Dieting the faid Canal, Refervoirs, and Work', Cotnpenfation to the Droitwicb Canal Company, and other Purpofes herein-before mentioned.

Power for V. And, it having been found impracticable, for the Reafbr.s a*>refa\f, bvHatf&iarei ,0 ra‘*e anV Sum or Sums of Money by creating additional Halt Shares by repeal:d. virtue of the Power given to the faid Company of Proprie o s by the faid recited Aft of the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His la d preterit M ijefty; be ic enafted, That the Power for creating fuch Half Snares, contained in the faid Aft, fhall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be

Kf«a,d.

iiiak*rc-,|ls	^urt^er	ena^e^»	That it fhtll be lawful for the faid

“	"	*	Company	of	Proprietors, and they are hereby require1, at any General

Aflembly to be holdrn or convened agreeably to the Direftf ns contained • in the faid firft recited Aft or this Aft, or of their Committ. e for iheT me being, or any Five or more of luch Committer, from Time to Time to make any Call or Calls for Money from the Subfcriber or Sublcribers of an additional Share or Shares in the faid Ctnal Navigation, in order to raife the faid Sum of One hundred and fixtv-eight thoufand Pounds, and the faid further Sum of Forty thoufand Pounds, for the Purpoies •forefaid, fuHjeft to the Regulations herein-afeer mentioned, as fuch General AfTcmbly or Committee from Time to Time fhall judge necefLry, lb that no one Call on each Share fubferibed for Ihall exceed the Sum of Four Pounds each additional Share in the faid Navigation, and no Call to be made at a lefs Pittance of Time than Three Calendar Months from each other; which Money fo called for fhall be paid to fuch Perfon or Pertbns and in fuch Manner as the faid Genera! Aflembly or Committee fhall from Time to Time appoint and direft for the PurpOfeSrot the faicf recked Acts and of this Aft ; and all and every Subfcriber and Subfcribers of One or more additional Share or Shares in the laid Undertaking fhall pay his, her, or their Share or Shares or Proportion of the Monies tti be'callsd for as; aforefaid, at fuch Time and Place and in fuch Manner as fhall be appointed as aforefaid, and of which Time and Place Twenty Days Notice fhall be given, by publilhing the fame in fome one Worcefter and in Came one Bir-mingbam Newfpaper, or in any other Manner a$ the.faid JFvrv^r and Birmingham CanalCompany fhall at any General Aflembly direft or appoint; and all Executors and Adminiftrators fhall.be and are hereby empowered to pay their refpeftive Proportions of the faid Money to be called for as aforefaid, in refpeft of the Share or Shares of their I'tftators and Inteftates re-fpeftively, and charge the fame tQ the Accounts of fuch Fcribn’s Eftate and Effefts.	*sr.	V	•	-

y	1	at	fiH f

For making a VII. Provided always, and it is hereby enafted and declared. That all Slfaref *' an^ cVerY Perfon and Perfons who fhall be defirous or becoming, and fhall pc. —"e. voluntarily become a Subfcriber or Subfcribers for fuch additional Shares as $	;	6	aforefaid.

48-GEORGU Hi.	Cap7.49.	929

aforelaid, (hall, at the Time of his, her, or their fubfcribing, pay to the Treafurer of the faid Company for the Time being One Pound by Way of Depofit on each Share he or (he (hall fubfcribe for, and that the Remainder of the Subfcription be paid by Calls of Four Pounds each, on each Share fubfcribed for, and that the One Pound Depofit be confidered as Part of the Firft Call, and the remaining Three Pounds per Share cf the faid Firft Call be paid as foon as called for and ordered to be paid after the palling of this A6I, but that the future Calls of FoUr Pounds each on each Share lhall not be let's than Three Calendar Months Diftartce from each other, as herein-before diredted ♦, and that all Subfcribers for fuch additional Shares, who (hall refufe or negleft to pay their refpeftive Calls at the Times and in Manner herein-before appointed to be paid, (hall pay Intereft at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum on all and every their faid Call, and fuch Intereft to commence from Time to Time, and from the Days on which luch Calls lhall refpedively become due and be ordered to be paid.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further eriafled, That it (hail not be Cal's not to

lawful for the faid Company of Proprietors, or any Pcrfon afling under	o'f'

their Authority, to make any Call or Calls on the Subfcribers, or to raife m.ooou n>a'l any Money by virtue of this A&, fave and except the faid One Pound be fuulcribtJ* Depofit on each Share, until the Sum of One hundred and twelve thou*

fand Pounds of the Money to be raifcd by virtue of this Adt (hall have been actually fubfcribed} any Thing in this Adi contained to the contrary not* withhanding.

IX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadled. That in cafe the whole of Morey on the laid Sum of One hundred and fixty-eight thoufand Pounds (hall not be share^Io'be fubfcribed before the Firft Call on the Sublcribers (hall have been made pud to the and become payable, then and in fuch Cafe every and all Perfon and Per*

fons who (hall (ubfciibe for One or more of fuch additional Shares, after fuch Call or Calls (hall have been made and (hall have become diie and payable, lhall, at the Time of his, her, or their fubfcribing, pay to the Treafurer for the Time being of the faid Company of Proprietors the Call or Calls which lhall then have been made on the Subfcribers of the faid additional Shares, together with Intereft thereon, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the Day or Days on which fuch Call or Calls (hall have rd’ptflively become due and have been ordered to be paid, in order that all the Subfcribers to the faid new or additional Shares may be upon an equal Footing,

X.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafled. That if the faid Company Shares h/anrht of Proprietors, or their Committee for the Time being, dull deem it ex- tlp pedient, out of any Surplus Monies or otherwife, to buy up any Share or in-, “ Shares in the faid Canal Navigation which lhall be offered for Sale, then

and in fuch Cafe it lhall be lawful for any Genera! Aficmbly of the faid Company of Proprietors either to diretl that any fuch Share or Sh ires fo bought (hall merge in the faid Undertak ng, or that the fame lhall be transferred to the Clerk of the faid Company in Truft for the laid Cjui-pany •, and that fuch Share or Shares may, in fuch lalf-mentluhcd C. fe, at anv Time thereafter be fold for the Benefit of the faid Company of Proprietors, and for the raifingof any Sum' of Money which may be wanted tor or towards the ere^lmg or repairing of any Buildings or Works be-[Lot. Per.]	uC	lunging

930

For mcrtafing the Number or Committee of Management.

Certain Regulations as to Deeds of Bargain and bale.

4.8° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 49.

longing to the faicl Cana), or any other Purpofe necefiary for carrying on the fame.

XI.	And whereas by the faid recited Aft of the Thirty-eighth Year of His faid prefent M.ijcfty, Power is given to the Proprietors allembied at their General Afieinhlics, together with fuch Proxies as fhould he then prefent, to choofe Thirteen Perfons, who for the Time being fhould be Proprietors of Five or mote Shares in the faid Navigation, to be a Committee to manage the Affairs of the laid Comtany, in luch Manner as the faid firlt recited Addireds; and as the Numb-rot Proprietors and Shares will be increafed by virtue of the Power in this Aft given to create new or additional Shares, it is deemed expedient, on Account of the Number of Shares being to be increafed as aforefaid, that the Number of the Committee fhould be increafed, and that the Number of Shares to quality Perlons to be cliofen on the Committee fhould alfo be increafed ; be it therefore enaded, That the Proprietors at luch General Affcmbbes, together with fuch Proxies as fhall be then prefent (but fiibjett neve/thele's to the Directions and Regulations in the laid firlt recited Ad contained) lhall and may at any Time hereafter eled and choofe Fifteen Proprietors, being Proprietors of Ten or more Shares of the faid Navigation, which faid Fifteen Proprietors poffeffed of Ten Shares or more fhall be a Committee to manage the Affairs of the faid Company, for fuch Time, in lu h Manner, with fuch Powers, and under fuch Limitations, Reltridioivs, and Controul, in every Helped, as in the faid firlt recited Ad is direded re-fpeding Perfons being a Committee to manage the Affairs of the faid Company, who fhould have Five or more Shares in the fii I NaAg ition; any Thing in the faid Two firlt recited Ads cr cither of them contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XII.	And whereas in and by the faid recited Ad of the Thirty-fuff of His faid prefent Majcfty it is enadul, that Duplicates of the D--ed of Bir-gain and Sale or Transfer of any Share or Shares in the laid Navigation fhould be executed by every Vendor and Vendee, and One Part tncr of fo executed fhould be delivered to the Committee of the faid Company or their Clerk, to be filed and kept for the Ufe of the faid Com >any of Proprietors, and an Entry thereof fhould be made in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpofe; and until the Duplicate of fuch Deed orTranf-fer fhould be lo delivered to the laid Committee or the Clerk as aforefaid, fuch Purchafer or Purchafers fhould have no Part or Share of the Profits of the faid Navigation and Undertaking, nor any Interelt paid him, her, or them for and in refptd of fuch Share or Shares lb purchafed, nor be entitled to vote as a Proprietor or Proprietors of the laid Undertaking: And whereas the Expences of Duplicates of fuch Deeds or Transfers tend grtatly to hinder the Sale of Shares in the faid Undertaking; be it therefore enaded, That it (hall not be necefiary that a Duplicate of the Deed of Bargain and Sale or Transfer of any Share or Shares in the fid Unccr. taking lhall be executed as in the laid recited Ad is directed, but that one Part only of fuch Deed of Bargain and Sale or Transfer, in cafe the Purchafer or Purchafers fhall be fatisfied therewith, (hail be made and executed, and which faid bargain and Sale or Transfer lhall be filed and k<-pt for the Ufe of the faid Company; and luch Purchafe and Purchales fhall be as valid and effedual, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if a Duplicate of fuch Deed of Bargain and Sale or Transfer were executed by the Vendor

7	and

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

and Vendee or Vendors and Vendees, any Thing in the fame Ad contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That the faidAds paffed in the Thirty-fir ft, Thirty-eighth, and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His laid prefent Majcfty, and all and every Claufe, Article, F< ovifion, Matter, and Thing therein contained, except Inch and fo many oi them, or fuch Parts thereof, as are altered, varied, explained, or amended by this Ad, (hall extend and be applicable to this prefent Ad, and the Powers, Provifions, and Directions hereof, fo far as the fame are compatible herewith.

XIV.	And be it further enaded, That the Cods and Charges of obtaining and palling this Ad, and of the Surveys and Eftimaies incident thereco, and all other Cofts, Charges, and Exnences concerning the fame, lhall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the faid Comp my of Proprietors, out of any Money already raifed or received * or out of the Bill Monies to be hereafter railed or received by virtue of the laid recited Ads or this Ad.

XV.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad (hill be deemed and taken t.o be aPublick Ad, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Evre and Andrew StraiiaNj Printers to the King’s mofl Excellent Majefty. 1808.

t m



nix 'j j-rlaild 1 dbr

931

Extending ths Power-- ftiie

faiil Vets to thi, Act.

For pnj 1115 tltr Expmces of ton Ad,

PuMick Act.







-I

j ■	;

?•'	*	■.	•	S--	is

:	.	..	3

('■■■	■ .	'	o	iififii





-	:•	f*.	.	.	1c*	)U0

i	-:	.1	zi

.

•Ls IS/-	-•	31V	,1	■	■	.

t ’.u/.jutS •	Lr-	!	.

»8c3i .vi. ■ i

















, ‘







. -	,;icJ

• 4 - c iX j 03 el' i.‘i ^ W

♦ •

















**

'













• ■ '

’

\

'



■

7







- ' > .





ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*5K*****Hf*»****iNt*******#******#4|t****** ******** *#*#^****^

Cap. 50.

An Act for the more eafy and fpeedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundred of Codsheath, and other Places therein mentioned, in the County of Kent.	[27th	May	1808.]

WHEREAS the Inhabitants and Trade of the feveral Parilhes and Places within the feveral Hundreds of Codsheath, Somerden, Wefterbam, and Edenbrid^e, Wrotham, Brenchley and Horfmon-dtn, IVofhlingJlone and of the Lowey of Tonbridge, and the Ville and Liberty of Brajied, in the County of Kent, have of late Years very much increafed: And whereas the feveral Tradeftnen and Inhabitants of the feveral Parifhes and Places within the Laid feveral Hundreds, and of the Laid Lowey, Ville, and Liberty refpeCtively, are, for the Purpofe of recovering any fmall Sums of Money that may be due and owing to them, obliged, under the refpeCtive JurifdiCtions to which they mud at prefent refort, to be at an Expence generally far exceeding and in all Cafes highly difproportionate to the Sum inDifpute: And whereas it would tend greatly to the Improvement and Encouragement of Trade, and to the neceffary Support and Protection of ufeful Credit in the feveral Parilhes and Places within the faid feveral Hundreds, and in the faid Lowey, Ville and Liberty, if a Couit were eltablilhed for the more eafy and fpeedy Recovery of fuch fmall Debts; «but as the fame cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it therefore pleafe Your Majelty, that it may be enaCted •, and be it enaCted by the King’s mod \_L.oc. & Per.]	it	D	Excellent

934

Coromiflion-

CIS.

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 50.

Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aiTem-bied, and by the Authority of the fame. That the feveral Juftices for the Time being a&ing in the Commiffion of the Peace for the laid County of Kent, refiding within the faid feveral Hundred', Lowey, Villeand Liberty, the Minifters for the l ime being, of the feveral Parifh Churches within the faid feveral Hundreds, Lowey, Viile and Liberty refpedtively, and Francis Motley Aujien, Francis Woodgate, Henry Streatfidd of Sevenoaks,

Peter Noiuiiile the younger, Charles Willard, -----------Whitehead Clerk,

Daniel Dodgin, Charles Ca'ter Petley, '■Thomas Mortimer Kelfon, George Lucius Aujien, John Martin the younger, Edwin Willmott, Edward Jardine, Thomas Clarke, John Lee, William Daykin, John Arrow, William George the elder, John Geo g y William John/on, Ambrofe Aujien, Valentine Hackle-

ton, George Wejlbrook, Abraham Palmer, John Najh,----------Stone ham, John

Heath the younger, James Weller, Richard Colebrook, Robert Comfort, Thomas Child, William Bowra, William Foreman, William Hodfoll, William Arnold, Jofeph Bradley, James Hodfoll, John Carnell, Peter Caza/ett, George Brooks, Thomas Rclph, Thomas Relph the younger, Philip Firmin, James Harbroe, Richard Turner, Nicholas Streatjield, Richard Streatfield, George Franks, Robert Stone, James Martyr, William Everefl, William Stunt, William Squib, Thomas Selby of Otford, Richard Goodman, George Golding, James Kebbel, Peter Agate, James Cramp, William Waller, Thomas Willmott, Henry Willmott, Thomas Kebbel, William Round, Samuel Love, George Brooker, Solomon Mils, John Thorpe, Richard Round, Stephen Woodgate,

Thomas Thompfon, Stephen Ades,-------Rootes, William Cronk, William Tonge,

Robert Paul Waring, David Colegate, William Hooker, James Tyler, Abraham Barham, John Brampton, John Foulerton, William Chapman, Charles Wilmott, James Sale, James Sale the younger, John Wingate, Thomas

7'oung, John Lomas, John Maylin, ---------White, Reginald Hooker, David

Stone, Henry Streatfeild, Henry Strcatfeild the younger,--------Minching,

-----Keys, James Alexander, Thomas Emery, John Tyler, Nicholas Gaines-

ford, Thomas Holmden the elder, Thomas Holmden the younger, George Holmden, William Cork, John Humphrey, James Double, Richard Bannijler,

Thomas Potter,-------Wells,-----Pickance, William Turner, Michael Saxby,

Thomas Fofier, Thomas Sale, Charles BarrelI, Thomas Selby oflghlham Moat, William Taylor, John Botting, Robert Hubble, James Taylor, Thomas Knowles, Thomas Iiarrifon, James Balt, Thomas Taylor of Ightham, William Walter, John Simpfon of Shipborne, Charles Haddock, John Simp-fon of Fair Lawn, George 7 ay lor, Thomas laylor ofPlaxtol, Richard Knowles, William Knowles, Thomas Martin, Thomas Chilman, Davies Deane, William Deane, William Harrij'on, 7 horn s Hackett, Thomas Ju/l, Edward Olive, William Edmcades, Robert Edmeades, Thomas Fry, Jofeph Spencer, Thomas Johnfon, John Jull the younger, Martin Ma/lers, George Luck, William Luck, John George Children, George Courthope, George Courthope the younger, Edward Hujfey the younger, William Wo dgate, William Francis Woodgate, Henry Woodgate, John Woodgate, Thomas Ponte n, Thomas Ponton the younger, John Ponton. Janus Burton, William--------Burton, James Bur-

ton the younger, John Hartrup Wejl, James Eldridge Weft, Viceftmus Knox, Thomas Watjon, William Th mas, Thomas Panefweli, Baden Powell, Chrif-topher Idle, Walter M y, Walter May the younger, Stephen Hooker, Thomas Hooker, Ifaac Lefevre, George Whittaker, Benjamin Tucker, Thomas Mercer, John Luxford, Thomas Chriflopber Gardner, William Simmons. Michael Saxby of Tonbridge, John Leefon Prince, George Lingard, John Fuzzard, Jofeph

Sclater,

935



48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 50.

Sclaler, William Scoones, Samuel Mills, Robert Carrutbers, William Polhill Voutbwaite, William Thomas Harvey, Jofepb Delves. Thomas Delves, Thomas Beeching, John Jeffery, Charles Lewis Bouvier, Jofeph Creafy, Jofeph Cave, John Cheejman, William Eldridge, George Wray Eldridge, William Feld-wick, 'Jofeph Gatward, John King, Thomas Kipping, John Luckhurjl, William Longhurjl, John Mugridge, William Vanderlure Mills, George Ofborne the younger, William Parker, William Ring, Marlow Sidney, John Sherlock, James Sutton, William Town, George Wife, John Ware, John Wells, William Wright, William Walker, Richard Children, John Francis, John Foivle, John London, Richard Streatfeld, John Stone, Samuel Slcman, Thomas Vine, John Waite, Robert Dudley, Edward Elliott, John Fry, Thomas Huntley, Richard Jones, Thr.mas Maryan, John Parfons, Thomas Sawyer, Robert Skinner, Thomas Hubble, William Mugridge, John Martin, Henry Eldridge, William Jewhurft, John JewhurJl. John Milles, John Richardfon, Thomas Mills, John Barton of the Clofr, William Barton of the B urne, Thomas Barton of the Parlonage, William Cornell, Thomas Kipping, John Porter, John Palmer, John Saxby, Edward Walter, John Collens, William Collens, Francis Collens, Richard Ellis, John Fuggle, Thomas Fielder, Richard Fuggle, Ambrofe Gibbons, Stephen Monckton, Bold Marchant, Alexander Wimjhurji, Thomas Hook, George Lanfdell, Thomas Lavender, David Twort, Thomas Prickett, William Boorman, John Winder, James Wiles, Stephen Dickenfon, Francis Hartridge, Henry Crundwell, Richard Miles the younger, Thomas Pocock, William Baldock, Edmund Bennett, Thomas Cheefman, James Fry, William Fenner, Jafper Sprange, Richard Delves, Richard Pittock, John Pullen, Charles Mo?g, John Prince, Ezra Seamer. John Stone, Thomas Wighton, Thomas Fojler, Jofeph Aitften, Richard Baffett, Jofeph Turner, Thomas Bonnick, Thomas Cornwell, George Feldwick, James Harris, John Sutton, and Thomas Wooahams, lhall be and they are hereby appointed Commiffioners for the Recovery of Small Debts within the laid feveral Hundreds of Codsheath, Somerden, Wejlerham and Edenbridge, Wrotham, Brenchley and Horfmonden, Wajhlingjione, the Lowey of Ton-bridge, and the Vdle and L iberty of Brafled in the County of Kent; and the laid Commiffioners and their Succefftrs ate hereby conllituted a Court of Jultice by the Name of The Court of Requefls for the feveral Hundreds of Codsheath, Somerden, Welicrham and KocnbrDge, Wrotham, Brent hley and Horlmonden, Walhiingflone, the Lowey of Tonbridge, and the Vi/le and Liberty of Brafted, in the County of Kent; and the faid Commiffioners lhall and they are hereby empowered and required to meet and to hold the faid Court on the Firfl Friday in every Month, (Good Friday, Fall Days, and Thankfgiving Days by Proclamation only excepted, and then on the following Day) within the Town of Scvenoaks in the Hundred of Codsheath in the faid County of Kent, in fome convenint Place there, to be appointed by the major Part of the laid Commiffioners for that Putpofe, at any of their Meetings to be holden by virtue of this Aft ; and the faid Commiffioners lhall and they are hereby empowered and required to hold the faid Court on the Third Monday in every Month, (bait Days and Thankfgiv;ng Days by Proclamation only excepted, and then on the following Day,) within the Town of Tonbridge in the Lowry of Tonbridge aforefaid, in fome convenient Place there, to be appointed by the major Part of the faid Commiffioners for that Purpofe, at any of their Meetings to be holden by virtue of this Aft; and tne Fir ft Meeting of the faid Commiffioners lhall be holden within the faid Town of Sevenoaks on the Fourth Friday next after the palling of this Aft.

II.	And

936

Defendants

far any Debt in the Hundreds cf Brenchiey and H rfroondeti, Wafhlingttone and the L >wcy of T onbridge not to befuin-moned to Seven uak*,&c.

Conrniflion-ers to hear Caufe s and give Judgment

Three Com-lui'honers Ihall attend to deci ie Caufcs ior Forty Shillings, »nd Five Contmif-loners for Sums above Forty Shillings.

To regulate

the S'flings c f the Court.

. 48°GEORGII III. Cap, 50.

IT. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend fo as to require or compel the Attendance of any Defendant or Defendants, Witnefs or Witnefles in the faid Court fo to be holden in the faid Town of Sevenoaks, in purfuance of any Order or Summons iflued out'of the faid Court, or by any Perfon or Per-fons whomfoever afting as an Officer or Officers of the faid Court, in any Caufe, Suit, or Aflion for or on account of any Debt or Demand incurred, arifiiig, or accruing within the faid Hundreds of Brenchiey and Horfmondcn, IVa/hlingjlone, and the Lowey of Tonbridge in the County of Kent or any of them ; and nothing in this Act contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend fo as to require or compel the Attendance of any Defendant or Defendants, Witnefs or Witnefles in the faid Court fo to be holden in the laid Town of Tonbridge, in purluance of any Order or Summons iflued out of the faid Court, or by any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever afting as an Officer or Officers of the faid Court, in any Caufe, Suit, or Action for or on account of any Debt or Demand incurred, arifing, or accruing within the faid Hundreds of Codjheath, Somerden, Wefterbam and Eden-bridge, Wroth am, and the Ville and Liberty of Brajltd, in the faid County of Kent, or any of them.

III.	And be it further ennfted, That the faid Commiffioners or the major Part of them prefent at their Meetings to be duly holden in purfuance of this Aft, are hereby authorized and empowered to hear and determine all fuch Actions and Caufes as are herein-after mentioned, and to give fuch Judgements, and to make fuch Orders and Decrees therein, and to award Execution thereupon, with the Cofts againft the Body or Bodies, or againft the Goods or Chattels of all and every the Perfon and Perfons againft whom they fhall give any fuch Judgement, or make any Order or Decree as to them fhall feem juft in Law or Equity ; and in cafe of an Equality of Votes on any Action, Caufe, or Queltion before the faid Commiflioners, then and in every fuch Cafe the Commiflioner prefent who ftands firft in the Lift of Names of the faid Commiflioners (which Lift the faid Commiflionets ftiall and they are hereby required to hang or ca fe to be hung up in the Court or Place where the Commiffioners meet) ihall have the decilive or cafting Vote.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enacted. That throughout the Hearing and on the Decifion of each and every Aft ion, Caule or Qucftion tor the Recovery of any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, Three at Ieaft of the faid Commiflioners ihall be prefent in Court, and throughout the Hearing and on the Decifion of each and every Action, Caufe, or Queftion for the Recovery of any Sum exceeding Forty Shillings, Five at leaft of the faid Commiflioners Ihall be prefent in Court, the fame Three Commiflioners in the former Cafe, and the fame Five Commiflioners in the latter Cafe to be attending from the Commencement of the Hearing of any Caufe, Queftion, or Aftion, to the Decifion thereof.

V.	And, f'T better regulating the Sidings of the faid Court, be it further enafted, That the laid Commiflioners fhall not hold the faid Court, or hear or cerermine any Cafe or Cafes, < aufe or Caufes, bv virtue of this Aft, but between the Hours of Ten of the Clock, in the Forenoon and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, and nothing in this Aft contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend fo as to require or compel the

9*	.	Attendance

937

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

Attendance of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, Wit-nefs or Witneffes in the faid Court, in porfuance of any Order or Summons iffued out of the faid Court, or by any Perfon or Perfons whom-fcever ailing as an Officer or Officers of the faid Court, fave and except between the faid Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon.

VI.	And be it further enacted. That when any of the faid Commiffioners For appoint-or any of the Succeffors of fuch Commiffioners, to be elected in Manner in,e new Com-herein mentioned, (hall die or refufe to ait, or fhall ceal'e to be qualified n”‘r‘onera'

in Manner herein directed to ait as a Commiffioner in the Execution of this Ait, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the furviving and remaining Commiffioners ailing in the Execution of this Ait, or the major Part of them, prefent at a Meeting to be liolden for that Purpofe, within the Space of Thirty Days next after fueh Deceafe or Refufal to aft fhall happen or be known, or as foon after as conveniently may be, to elect and appoint One other Commiffioner in the Room or Stead of every fuch Commiffioner fo dying or refuling to aft, or ccafing to be fo qualified ; and Notice in Wricing of the Time and Place of Meeting for every fuch Eleition, and for the Purpofe thereof, fhall be given t.y Advertifement to be inferted in fome Newlpaper printed or circulated in the Weftern Divifion of the County of Kent, Fourteen Days at leaft before fuch Meeting fhall be holden ; and every Commiffioner fo elefted (hall have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying this Aft into Execution, and (hail be fubjeft and liable to the fame Rules, Regulations, and Re* ftriitions as fully and effeitually to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever as if he had been particularly named herein as a Commiffioner.

VII.	And be it further enafted. That no Perfon fliall be capable of Co-mtfn<*ru ailing as a Commiffioner in the Execution of this Aft (fave and except QSt^ tllte ^ in ad in buffering the Oath herein mentioned to the other Commillioners)

until he lhail have taken the Oath following ; that is to fay,

*	T A.B. do fwear [or, being one of the Perfons called Quakers, do 0lthi ‘ folemnly affirm] 1'nat 1 will faithfully, honeflly, and impartially,

« according to the belt of tny Skill and Judgement, hear and determine « fuch Matter? and Things as fhall be brought before me by virtue of an

*	Ait made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the « Third, intituled, An Ait [Here fet forth the Title of this A£f\ without

<	Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Malice, to any Perlon or Perfons

<	wlioinfoever; and a!fo that I am a Houfeholder. within the Jurifdiftion

<	of the faid Court, and that 1 am poffeffed of a Real Eftate of the An-‘ nual Value of Sixty Pounds [or, of a Perfonal Effate of the Value of ‘ One thoufand five hundred Pounds] above all Charges and incumbrances

*	whatfoever.	So	help	me God/

Which Oath or Affirmation the faid Commiffioners, or any Three or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to adminiffer in open Court; and every fuch Cnmmiflioner fhall and he is hereby required (after talcing the faid Oath or Affirmation) to ftgn and fubfertbe his Name upon a Roll or Rolls of Parchment, to be provided for that Purpofe, with the faid Oath or Affirmation written or printed thereon, and fich Roll or Rolls lhall be carefully kept among the Records of the faid Court.

[Lee. & Per J

11 E

VIII. And

938

Qualification of the Com-mid oners.

A ft s of Ccm-m rs be-foie Conviction deemed good.

Appointment of Officers, Aec.

If a fufficient Number of Commiflioners do not attend, Clerk to adjourn the Court.

48° GEORG II III. Cap. 50.

VIII.	Ami be it further enabled. That no Perfon (hall be qualified t® as a Commiflioner in the Execution of this Aft unlefs he fhall at the

Time of afting be a Iioufeholder within the Jurifdiftion of the faid Court, and pofTefTed of a Real Eftate for his own Ufe and Benefit of the Annual Value of Sixty Pounds, or of a Perfonal Eftate for his own Ufe and Benefit ot the Value of One thouiand five hundred Pounds above all Charges and Incumbrances whatfoever; and if any Perfon not being qualified as aforefaid, fhall prefume to aft as a Commiflioner in the Execution of this Aft, every fuch Perfon fhall for every fuch Offence, over and above any Punifhment that he may be fubjeft and liable to for wilful and corrupt Perjury forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, together with full Cofts of Suit, to any Perfon or Perfons who fhall fue for the fame, to be recovered in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjler, by Aftion of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no EfToign, Proteftion, or Wager of Law, cr more than One Imparlance fhall be allowed; and in every fuch Aftion, Bill, Plaint and Information, the Proof of fuch Qualification fhall be on the Defendant, and it fhall be fufficient for the Plaintiff or Profecutor to prove that the Perfon fo fued or profecuted had afted as a Commiflioner in the Execution of this Aft: Provided neverthelefs, that all Judgements, Orders, Decrees, Afts, and Proceedings of all and every Perfon or Perfons afting as a Commiflioner or Commiflioners in the Execution of this Aft, though not duly qualified as aforefaid, previous to his or their being convifted of fuch Offence, fhall, notwithftanding'fuch Convifkion, be as good, valid, and effeftual as if fuch Perfon or Perfons had been duly qualified according to the Direftions of this Aft.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall anJ may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners and they are hereby required, at their faid Firft Meeting, to nominate, and appoint One or more fit and proper Perfon or Perfons for each of the feveral Offices of Clerk and Beadle, and for the other neceffary Offices of and in the faid Court of Requefts; and it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Perfon or Perfons appointed to execute the Office of Clerk, immediately after his or their Appointment, and from Time to Time to nominate and appoint a Deputy oi Deputies to aft in his or their Room or Stead in Cafe of Sicknefs, or for other fufficient Caufe to be allowed by the faid Commiflioners, but not otherwife; and every fuch Clerk or his Deputy is and are hereby empowered and required to iffueail Summonfes, Warrants, and Precepts, and to regifter all Orders, Decrees, and Judgments of the faid Court, and to do all fuch Afts, Matters, and Things as are diredted or required to be done by the faid Clerk by vi;tue of this Aft, and fhall enter and regifter or caufe to be entered or regiftered in a proper Book or Books to be provided by fuch Clerk and kept for that Purpofe, all the Afts and Proceedings of the faid Court of what Nature or Kind foever.

X.	And be it further enafted. That in cafe a fufficient Number of the faid Commiflioners fhall not be prefent to aft in the Execution of this Aft, as is herein directed, on any of the Days appointed for holding the faid Court, then and in every fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for any of the faid Commiflioners who fhall be prefent, and if no Com-miffioner (hall be prefent, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk

939

48° GEORGII III. Cap: 50.

or his Deputy for the Time being, to adjourn the faid Court to the next Court Day or to fome earlier Day.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That the Clerks and Beadles of the faid Office' of Court (hall do and perform in thtir refpedive Offices as they ihall be Verier'*1 9 directed or required by the faidCommiffioners, and the faid Beadles of the faid Court (hall ferve all Summonfes, and execute fuch Orders, Warrants, and Precepts* and do and perform all fuch other Ads* Matters, and Things as may be required to be done by them refpedively by virtue of this Ad.

XII.	And be it further enafted. That it (hall and may be lawful to and Appointment for the major Part of the Commiffioners who (hall be fitting and acting ^"a*„*cer* in Court on the next Court Day after the Death, Refignation, or Remo- Death or val of any Clerk, Beadle, or other Officer, nominated or appointed by Refisnallun* virtue of this Ad, or as foon after as the fame (hall be known, to caule the whole Number of Commiffioners for the Time being to be fummoned by Advertisement, to be inferted in fome Newfpaper printed or circulated in the Weftern Divifion of the County of Kent, to meet at fome convenient Place to be appointed for that Purpofe within Twenty Days next after their being fummoned as aforefaid; and the Commiffioners at fuch Meeting, or the major Part of them prefent, are hereby authorized and required to eled another Perfon or Perfons in the Room or Stead of every fuch Clerk, Beadle, or other Officer fo dying, refigning, or being removed as aforefaid, for the Ufes and Purpofes in this Ad contained, and fo from Time to Time when and as often as any Clerk, Beadle, or other Officer (hall die, refign, or be removed from their refpedive Offices.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Commiffioners (hall and Comnr.ifiiontr* they are hereby required to make, or caufe to be made, fair and regular Entries in a Book or Books to be provided by them for that Pur. un<i inch En’-pofe, of all the Judgments, Ads, Oiders, Diredions, Regulations aenc-.UUe£vl9 and Proceedings of them the faid Commiffioners relative to the Execution of the leveral Powers and Authorities veiled in them by this Ad, and alfo of the Names of the Commiffioners who (hall be prefent at their refpedive Meetings; and fuch Entries (hall be figned by the Chairman of each re-fptdive Meeting; and fuch Entries when fo figned, and fuch Book and Books, (hall be allowed to be read in Evidence, in Proof of the Proceedings of fuch Court in all Courts whatfoever.

XIV.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful to what Debts and for the faid Commiffioners and they are hereby empowered and en- ^J!1'byd'fie abled to decide and determine all Difputes and Differences between Party faid Commif-and Partv for any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, in all Adions or flo“irs* Caufes of Debt, and in all Caufes of /IJfumpfit and Inftmul Computafi'et, and in all Caufes or Adions of Trover and Converfion, and in all Caufes or Returns founded on a Quantum Meruit, and in all Caufes or Adions of Trefpafs or Detinue for Goods and Chattels taken or detained.

XV.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That nothing in this Act con- Commiffiona tained (hall extend or be conffrued to extend fo as to enable the faid Coin- terminVany* miffioners to determine the Right or Title; to any Lands, Tenements, or oaufe .*iao Hereditaments, or Real Eftates whatfoever, or to judge, determine, or LanTis’tobe

decide brought i# queltion.

9^0

This Atf rot to alter the Powers of Two A«Ms of the toch and 3*11 G.

Commiflicn-' ers not to act wheie iute-nltwd.

48° GEORGII HI. Cap. 50.

decide on any Debt where the Title of the Freehold or Leafe for Years of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Chattels Real whatfoever (hall be brought or come into queftion, nor on any Debt for any Sum being the Balance of an Account or Demand originally exceeding Five Pounds, or to judge, determine, or decide on any Debt that (hall arife by reafon of the Occupation of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fituate elfewhere tnan in the faid leveral Hundreds of Codfheath, Somcrden, IVcftcrham and Eder,bridge, IVrotham, Brenchley and fbtfmenddn, lFafh' ling ft one, the Lowey of Tonbridge, and the Ville and Liberty of Brafted in the County of Kent, or any of them, or by reafon of any Caufe concerning Teftament or Matrimony, or any Thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclefiaflical Court, or for or concerning any Agreement by way of Compofition for or by way of Retainer of Tythes.

XVI.	And whereas by an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majefty King George the Second, intituled. An Ad for the better adjujling and more eafy Recovery cf the Wages of certain Servants, and for the better Regulation of fuch Servants and of certain Apprentices, it is enafted, that all Complaints, Differences, and Difputes which (hould arife between Mafters or Miftreffes and Servants in Huibandry, who fhould be hired for One Year or longer, or which fhould happen or arife between Mafters and Miftreffes and Artificers, H~ndicraftfmen, Miners, Colliers, Keelmen, Pitmen, Glaffmen, Potters, and other Labourers employed for any certain Time or in any other Manner, (hould be heard and determined by one or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace for the Place where fuch Mafter or Miff refs (hould inhabit; and by One other Act, made in theThirty-firft Year of his faid late Majefty, intituled, An Ad to amend an Ad made in the Third Tear of tbe Reign cf King William and Ehtecn Mary, intituled, * An

*	Ad for the better Explanation and/applying the' Defects of the former Lavas c for the Settlement of the Poor,fo far at the fame relates to Apprentices gain-‘ inga Settlement by Indentures; and alfo to empower Juftices of the Peace to

*	determine Differences between Majlers and Miftre ffes and their Servants in

*	Hujbandry, touching their Wages, though fuel) Servants are hired for lefs

*	Time than a Tear,’ it is enafted, that dll and every Claufe, Matter, and Thing in the faid recited Aft contained, fhoul 1 be deemed and conftrued to extend to all Servants emploved in Hufbandry, though hired for lefs Time than One Year: Provided therefore, and be it enafted, That nothing in this Act contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, fo as to enable the faid Commiftioners to hear or determine any fuch Complaint, Difference, orDifpute, but all fuch Complaints, Differences, and Difputes fhall be heard and determined1 ?n fuch and the like Manner by fuch Juftice or Juftices, as if this Act had not been made, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

XVII.	And be it further enafted, That if any Oommiffioner or Com. mrffioners of the faid Court for the Time beibg; (hall be Party or Parties to, or concerned or interefled in any Caufe,' Action, or Matter depending in tbe faid Court, no inch Commiffionor or Commiftioners (hall be capable of acting as a Commiflioner or Commiftioners on the hearing or determining fuch Caufe, Aftion, or Matter, or in making ariy Order, Decree, or Judgement therein, but fuch Commiftioner or Commiftionere, after being heard in fuch Caufe, Aftion, or Matter, (hall withdraw until the fame is finally determined ; and if the Cleik or his Deputy, or other

3	Officer

94*

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

Officer of the faid Court for the Time being, (hall be a Party or interefted in any Caufe, A&ion or Suit depending in the faid Court, fuch Clerk, Deputy, or other Officer (hall not exercife his faid Office in fuch Caufe, Action, or Matcer, or in any Thing relating thereto, but the faid Commiffioners forming the faid Court fhall and may appoint another Perfon to exercife the Office of fuch Clerk or Deputy, or other Officer refpec-tively, in ali 1 hings relating to fuch Caufe, Action, or Matter.

XVIII.	And be it further ensfted. That nothing herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend fo as to enable any Plaintiff to fplit or divide any Caufe or Aftion for the Recovery of any Debt, where the whole Sum that fhall appear to be due and owing (hall exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, in order that the fame may be made the Ground of Two or more Caufes or Adtions, for the Purpofe of bringing fuch Caufe or A&ion wiihin the Jurifdidlion of the faid Court; and in cafe it fhall appear to the faid Commiflioners that any Plaintiff fhall have fo fplit or divided bis or her Caufe or Adtion as aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe the faid Commiffioners fhall and they are hereby required to difmifs with Colts every fuch Caufe or Aftion fo fplit and divided ; but fuch Difmiffal fhall not hinder or prevent fuch Plaintiff from proceeding for the Recovery of his or her Debt in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wcjimhijlsr, or in fuch other Manner as he or fhe may lawfully proceed : Provided always, that in cafe any Plaintiff who fha'l have fo fplit or divided fuch his or her Caufe or Adtion, (hall be willing to accept fuch Sum of Money as the faid Court is in and by this A.£t enabled to adjudge, decree, and pronounce in full of the whole of his or her Demand in fuch Caufe or Aftion fo fplit or divided, then and in every fuch Cafe the faid Com-miffioyers fhall and may adjudge, decree, and pronounce, (on fuch Plaintiff proving his or her Caufe or Cafe to the Satisfaftion of the faid Commiffioners) luch Sum to the Plaintiff, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, as to the faid Commiffioners fhall leein juft and reafon-able; and fuch Sum fhall in the Judgment or Decree to be pronounced by the faid Commiffioners be declared to be and (hall be in full Difcharge of all Demands from the Defendant to the Plaintiff in fuch Caufe or Cafe fo fplit and divided.

XIX.	And be it further enadted, That from and after the Firfl: Meeting of the faid Commiffioners, it fhall and may be lawful to and for any Perlon or Perfons (whether fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall refide within the Jurifdidlion of the faid Court or not) having any Debt or Debts (fave and except as herein excepted) not exceeding the Value of FivePounds due or owing or belonging to him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own Right, or in the Right of any other Perfon or Perfons, or as Executor, Ad-miniftracor, Guardian, Affignee, or Truftee to any Perfon orPerfons, or due and owing to him as Mayor, Chamberlain, Town Clerk, or other Officer, to any Body Corporate, or to any Club or Friendly Society, duly affociated and conftituted by the Statutes in that Cafe made and provided, or in any other Manner whatfoever, which the faid Commiffioners are by this Act enabled to judge and determine, and not exprefsly prohibited by this Adi by or from any other Perfon orPerfons whomfoeve-r inhabiting and refiding, or being within any of the feveral Parilhes or Places in the faid Hundreds of Codjfheath, Somerden, IVeflerbam, and Edenbridge, Wrotham, Brencbley, and Horfmonden, Wajhlirgficne, the I.owey of Tonbridge, and the Ville

\Lcc. £5“ Ter.]	n	F	and

Action* not to be 'piit for the Purpofe of bringing them before the Court, Sec.

Debtor* may be fummoned before the Commif-ftoners, who may make fuch Order between the Parties a* they fhall think fit.

" '9 + 2

Service on One Partner (in Cafes of I o partner-fliip) to be deemed Service oil both.

No Evidence to be given by the Plain-tiff oi any

48* GEORG 11 III. Cap. 50.

and Liberty of Braced, in the County of Ktitt, or any of them as aforefaid ; or keeping and ufing any Houfe, Warehoufe, Wharf, Quay, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, or Stand, or generally ufing and frequenting the Markets there as a Dealer or feeking a Livelihood, to apply to the Clerk of the faid Court for the Time being, or his Deputy, who fhall immediately make out and deliver to the Beadle of the faid Court for the Time being a Summons in Writing, under the Hand of the faid Clerk, directed to fuch Debtor or Debtors, expreffing the Sum demanded of him, her, or them, and ftating the Particulars of fuch Demand or Caufe of Aftion, together with the Name of the Party demanding the fame, and requiring him, her, or them to appear at a certain Time and Place to be mentioned in fuch Summons (fuch Time not being earlier than Seven Days after the ferving of fuch Summons) before the Commiffioners of the faid Court to anfwer fuch Demands; and fuch Beadle fhall forthwith ferve of caufe fuch Summons to be ferved on fuch Debtor or Debtors either perfonally or by leaving the fame with his, her, or their Servant or other Perfon belonging to him, her, or them, or at the Dwelling-houfe, Warehoufe, Wharf, Quay, Lodging, Place of Abode, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing, of fuch Debtor or Debtors, being within the Jurifdiftion of the faid Court; and upon due Proof made of luch Summons having been duly ferved in Manner aforefaid, the faid Coin-miffiotiers prefent in Court (fuch Number prefent not being lefs than by this Aft direfted) are hereby empowered and req ired to make due Enquiry concerning fuch Demands or Plaints, and make fuch Orders therein, and pafs fuch Sentence or Judgment thereupon, and award fuch reafonable Cods of Suit as to them fhall leem right and proper, confident with the Rules and Regulations in this Aft contained, and for the better Difcovery of the Truth, and morefolemn Determination of the Matters and Caufes which fhall be depending in the faid Court, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners prefent in the faid Court to adminifter an Oath or Oaths, or Affirmation or Affirmations to any Officer of the faid Court, or to either of the Parties whom they the faid Commiffioners fhall think proper to examine, touching the Matters then in queftion, and alfo to fuch Witnefs or Witneffes as fhall be produced by eachPaity, and alfo to any other Perfon or Perfons whofe Evidence fhall feem neceffary towards hearing and determining any of the faid Caufes or Actions, or making an Order or Decree therein, or for any other Purpofe requifite to the Execution of this Aft.

XX.	And be it further enafted, That where any Debt fhall be due or owing or demanded from any Two or more Perfons jointly by reafon or on account of fuch Perfons being Partners in Trade, or otherwife join ly concerned. Service of fuch Summons as aforefaid perfonally, on any one of fuch Partners or Perfons, and Notice thereof left at the lait ufual Place or Places of Abode, Warehoufe, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand or other Place of dealing, trading or working, of the other or oihers of fuch Partners or Perfons fhall be as good and lufficient as if each of fuch Partners or Perfons were feparately fummoned as aforefaid.

XXI.	And be it further enafted, That no Evidence fhall be permitted to be given by the Plaintiff on the Trial of any fuch Caufe or Aftion as aforefaid, of any Demand or Caufe of Aftion, except fuch as is Hated in

the

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 50.

the faid Summons hereby dire&ed to be given, nor (hall any Evidence be admitted on Behalf of the Defendant or Detendants on the Trial of fuch Caufe or Action of any Demand lie, (he, or they may have on the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in the Nature of a Set-off, or leffen or difcharge himfelf, herfclf, or themfelves from fuch Demand or Caufe of A£tion, unlefs Notice thereof in Writing (hall have been given to the faid PiaintifFor Plaintiffs by perfonai Service, or by leaving it at his, her or their Dwelling Houfe, Warehoufe, Wharf, Quay, Lodging, Place of Abode, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing, trading, or working, previous to the Day when fuch Matter or Caufe (hall be heard or tried.

/ XXII. And be it further enabled. That if any Debtor or Debtors who (hall have been duly fummoned as aforefaid, lhall not appear either in Perfon or by his, her, or their Agent, or fome other Perfon on his, her, or their Behalf before the faid Court at the Time and Place mentioned in the faid Summons (fuch Time not being earlier than Seven Days after the ferving of fuch Summons) then and in every fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffmners affembled in the faid Court, after Proof made upon Oath of the Service of the faid Summons in Manner afortl'aid, to hear the Caufe on the Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs only, and to make fuch Order, Decree, or Judgment therein as to them (hall feem juft and equitable, and to appoint fome certain Time and Place, according to their Difcretion, for fuch D btor or Debtors to (hew Caufe before the faid Commiflioners againft fuch Order, Decree, or Judgment fo pronounced, e.v parte as aforefaid ; at which Time and Place, or at any fubfequent Court or Courts, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners, whether fuch Debtor or Debtors (hall then appear and (hew Caufe or not, upon Proof upon Oath made that a Copy of fuch Order, Decree, or Judgment had been given to fuch Debtor or Debtors, or left with his, her, or their Servant or other Perfon belonging to him, her, or them, or at the Dwelling-houfe, Warehoufe, Wharf, Quay, Lodging, Place of Abode, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing, trading, or working ot fuch Debtor or Debtors, being within the Jurifdicfion of the faid Court (Seven Days at lead before the final Order, Decree, or Judgment (hall be made or pronounced) to make and pronounce fuch final Order, Judgment, or Decree therein, and to award fuch reffonable Cods of Suit as to them (hall feem mod agreeable to Equity and good Confcicnce.

XXIII.	And be it further enabled, That if upon any Day of the Return of any Summons iffued on the Behalf of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or at any Continuation or Adjournment of the faid Court, or of the Caufe for or on account of which fuch Summons (hall have been iffued, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall not appear either in Perfon or by his, her, or their Agent, or fome other Perfon on his, her or their Behalf, or appearing (hall not make Proof of his, her, or their Demands to the Satisfaction of the faid Court, but lhall become nonfuited, or Judgement (hall be pronounced againd him, her, or them by the faid Court, then and in every fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners prefent in Court, and they are hereby required to award to the Defendant or Defendants fuch reasonable Cods and fuch reafonable Satisfaction for his, her, or their Trouble and Attendance, as they the faid Commiflioners in their Difcretion (hall think, lit, and to order and compel the Plaintiff'

or

943

Matter not

i.A>tiin his Su.nm ns, nor by Dcfrn* dant in any c:ofs Dt.uand he mty h ive *»n the i lam. r»fF, without Notice given thereof.

If Debtor does no apr»eir, Commiffioner* may proceed.

If Plaintiff does nol 3p-peac to prove his Demand, Defendant fhall have Cods.

94-4

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 5o.

or Plaintiffs to pay the fame by fuch Ways	or Means as are herein

provided for the Recovery of Debts ordered	or decreed by the faid

Court.

hmilhing XXIV. And be it further enaded. That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons attending,?^	refiding or being within the Juiifdidion of the	faid Court, after having

fummoned.	been duly ferved with a Subpoena cr Summons,	to be iffued by the Clerk.

or Clerks of the faid Court of Requelts or his or their Deputy, and paid or tendered his, her, or their reafonable Expences to attend and give his, her or their Evidence at a Time and Place in fuch Subpoena or Summons mentioned on behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, fhall negled or refufe to appear purfuant to fuch Subpoena or Summons, due Proof being made of the Service of fuch Subpoena or Summons, and no fufficient Caufe for his, her, or their Abfence or Non-appearance being fhewn to the Satisfaction of the faid Court on Oath, or in cafe of being a Quaker or Quakers, folemn Affirmation being made (which Oath or Affirmation the faid Commiffioners or any Three or more of them are hereby authorized and required to adminifter) before the laid Ccmmiffioners by the Party or Parties at whole Inflance and on whofe Behalf fuch Subpoena or Summons iffued, that the Perfon orPerlbns ferved therewith was or weiea Witnefs, by fuchPariy or Parties judged neceffary for theProof of his, her, or their Caufe or Caules, Adion or Actions, Complaint or Complaints, Defence or -Defences; or if the Perfon or Perfons fo ferved with fuch Subpoena or Summons {hall appear and refufe to be fworn, or being a Quaker or Quakers to make Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation the faid Com-Jmiffioners or any i bree or more of them are hereby authorized and re-jquired to adminifter) or to give Evidence touching the Matter in Queftion, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the laid -‘Commiffioners to impofe any Fine not exceeding Ten Pounds on fuch •Perfon or Perfons; and in cafe fuch Fine fhall not be paid forthwith, fuch Fine fhall and may be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the faid Commiffioners, rendering the Overplus (if any) after lie ducting fuch Fine, and the Colts and Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels; and fuch Fine when fo paid, levied, or recovered, fhall be paid over to the Party or Parties at whofe Inflance or on whofe Behalf fuch Subpoena or Summons fhall have been iffued ; and in cafe fufficient Diftrefs fhall not be found, it fhall and may be lawful to and for any Three or more of the faid Commiffioners, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to commit fuch Offender to the Common Gaol within the Weltem Divifion of the faid County of Kent, there to remain for any Time not exceeding the Space of Two Calendar Months.

noon	.	•

XXV.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe it fhall at any Time, during the Hearing of any Caufe in the faid Court, appear by the Oath of any Perfon or Perfons, to the Satisfadion of the major Part of the Commiffioners prefent in the Court at which fuch Caufe fhall be heard, that fuch Debtor or Debtors is or are unable from Sicknefs or unavoidable Accident to pay and dilcharge the Debt or Debts for which he, fhc, or they fhall have been fo fummoned, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the major Part of the faid Commiffioners affembied at any fuch Court or Courts as aforefaid, to fufpend the Proceedings in fuch 8	Caufe.

Commiffioners to fulpenJ Proceedings in Cafe.- whe e Debtors aieil1, or unable to pay the Debt.

945

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

Caufe, until it (hall, upon like Proof as aforefaid, appear to the Court that fuch Debtor or Debtors (hall be able to pay fuch Debt or Debts, and then to proceed again in Manner aforefaid, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywife nutwithftanding.

XXVI,	And be it further enacted. That in every Cafe where any Wages or any other Sum or Sums of Money whatfoever, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, (hall be due and owing to any menial Servant, Clerk, Book Keeper, Journeyman, Shopman, Shopwoman, Afliilant, Labourer, or any other Perfon whomsoever, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch Servant, Clerk, Book Keeper, Journeyman, Shopman, Shopwoman, Affiftant, Labourer, or other Perfon, to fue for and recover fuch Debt in the faid Court, in the fame Manner as if he or (he were of full Age; and the (aid Cotnmiflioners prefent in the faid Court are hereby authorized and required to take Cognizance of and proceed in all Caufes concerning fuch Debts in the fame Manner, and (hall rave fuch and the fame Powers in regard thereto as if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs were all of full Age.

XXVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That in any Caufe, Aftion or Cafe where the faid Commidioners (hall have made an Order or Decree for the Payment cf Money, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Com-mifiioners prefent in Court to award Execution either againft the Body or Goods of the Party againft whom fuch Order or Decree (hall be made, and thereupon it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Cierk of the faid Court, at the Prayer of the Party profecuting fuch Order or Decree for the Payment of Money, to iffue a Precept under his Hand and Seal, by way of Capias ad Satisfaciendum or Fieri Facias, to one of the Beadles of the faid Court, who by virtue of fuch Precept iffued upon Execution awarded againft the Body of fuch Party, (hall and may and is hereby empowered to take fuch Party being within the Jurifdidtion of the faid Court, and carry him, her, or them to the Common Gaol within the Weftern Divifion of the laid County of Kent, there to remain for the Space or Time herein in that Behalf particularly directed, fave and except he, (he, or they (hall perform and obey fuch Order, Decree, or Judgment before the Expiration of fuch Order ; and in cafe any fuch Precept (hall be iffued upon Execution againft the Goods and Chattels of fuch Party, fuch Beadle (hall and may and he is hereby empowered to levy by Dillrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Party, being within the Juriidiftion of the faid Court, fuch Sum or Sums of Money and Cofts as (hall befo ordered, decreed, or adjudged; and if the Party againft whofe Body or Goods any fuch Execution (hall be awarded, and Procefs thereupon iffue, (hall, by abfeonding or by fecreting or removing his, her, or their Goods or Chattels, or by any other Means prevent or evade the Service or Effeft of any fuch Execution, then and in every fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commidioners prefent in the (aid Court, upon due Proof theveof made before them by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, at their Difcretion to award further Execution either againft the Body or Goods and Chattels of fuch Party, and Procefs (hall iffue thereupon, and be ferved by One of the Beadles of the faid Court in Manner aforefaid, until the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall be fully paid and fatisfied ; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Com-nnll'oners from Time to Time, in cafe they (hall think fit, for the Eafe

[Lee. & PerJj	11 G	and

Debt! due to t’crloni under A^e may be recovered.

Commiflion-rrs may awaid Execution againft the Body or Goods.

946	4*°	GEORGII	III. Gap.$o,

irtd Convenience of the Defendant or Defendants (and they are hereby authorized iind empowered) to order, decree, or adjudge any Debt or Debts due t6 the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to be paid by fevcral Payments or Inftalments, and under fuch Terms and Conditions as may appear reafon-able and juft to them the faid Commiflioners for the Pale of the Defendant or Defendants, and the Security of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs ; and it fliall fend ttiay be lawful to and for the faid CommifTioaers prefent m Court, in cafe of any Default or Failure of any fuch Payments or Inftalments fo ordered, decreed, adjudged, or directed dial! afterwards be made, and they fere hereby authorized and empowered, at the Inftance of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and upon due Proof of the faid Default or Failure, to award Execution againfi the faid Defendant or Defendants, or againft any other Perfon or Perfons who may have given Security to the faid Plaintiff or Plaintiffs under the Directions of the faid Commiflioners for the Pay meat of fuch Inftalments in Manner aforefaid, for the whole Debt, or fuch Part thereof as fhall then remain unpaid, together with fuch further Cofts as to them fhall feem juft and reafonable; and fuch Debt, or fuch Part thereof, • and fuch further Cofts, fhall be recovered by the fame Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of the Debt and Cofts firit decreed.

Allowance to be made to Pri Cmert..

XXVIII.	And be it further enadted, That the faid Commiflioners fhall be and they are hereby empowered in their Order of Commitment of any Perfon or Perfons to the faid Common Gaol for the Non-payment of any Debt or Debts, to order and direct fuch daily Sura or Suras to be paid Weekly or othervvife by die Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to the Defendant or Defendants fo committed for his, her, or their Maintenance while in Pri-. fon, as they the faid Commiflioners in their Difcreuon fhall think proper, fo as fuch daily Allowance fhall not exceed Three-pence to each Perfon j and in default of Payment of the Sum or Sums fo ordered to be paid for the Space of Three Days, the Keeper or Keepers of the fame Gaol Ss and are hereby diredted to difcharge fuch Perfon or Perfons from his, her, or their Cultody, in fuch and the lame Manner as if the Debt and Colts for which fuch Perfon or Perfons was or were committed had been fully paid and fatisfied : Provided neverthelefs, that it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay to the Gaoler or Gaolers the Sum fo ordered by the Commiflioners for the whole Number of Days expreffed in the Order of Commitment at the Time of the Defendant or Defendants being delivered into the Cuftody of the Gaoler or Gaolers, and fuch Gaoler or Gaolers is and are hereby diredted to pay thereout the daily Allowance fo ordered every Day to fuch Defendant or Defendants during his, her, or their Confinement; and in cafe fuch Defendant or Defendants fhall be legally difeharged from fuch Confinement before the Expiration of the Time of Commitment, that then and in fuch Cafe the faid Gaoler or Gaolers fliall upon fuch Difcharge forthwith repay to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs the proportionate Refid ue of fuch Sum according to the Number of Days which fhall be unexpired of the Time for which l’uch. Defendant or Defendants was or were originally committed.

Proccf not to	XXIX. And be it further enadted, That it fliall not be lawful to

iflue asiioft 0j- for the faid Commiflioners to ifiue any Procefs againfi the Body or GootuT <r Bodies of any Defendant or Defendants, in any Cafe or Cafes where chattels of the the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs entitled to the Benefit of any Order, Judgment, fame Pet fon.	or

48° GEORGI! III. Gap. 50.

or Decree, (hall have obtained any Warrant or Procefs again ft the Goods or Chattels of the fame Defendant or Defendants.

XXX.	And, as it may happen that Perfons ferved with Procefs iffuing out of the laid Court of Req<iefts, may* in order to avoid Execution, remove their Perfons and Effects beyond the Limits of the Jurifdi&ion of the raid Court; be it therefore ena&ed, That in all Cafes where a final Decree or Judgment for any Sum or Sums exceeding Ten Shillings fhall have been obtained in the faid Court, it lhall and may be lawful to and for any of His Majefty’s C ourts of Record at Weftminjler (upon Affidavit made and filed of fuch Decree or Judgment being obtained, and of diligent Search and Enquiry having been made after the Perfon or Perfons of the Defendant or Defendants, or his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, and of the Precept of Execution being iffued again!! the Perfon or Perfons or Effects (as the Cafe may be) of the Defendant or Defendants, and that the Perfon or Perfons, Goods and Chattels of fuch Defendant or Defendants, is or are not to be found within the Jurifdi&ion of the faid Court, (which Affidavit may be made before a Judge or C mmiflioner authorized to take Affidavits) to caufe the Record of the faid Decree or Judgment to be removed inro fuch fuperior Court, and to iffue Wilts of Execution thereupon to the Sheriff of any County, City, Liberty, or Place, againft the Perfon pr Perfons, or Effefts of the Defendant or Defendants, in the fame Manner as upon Judgments obtained in any of the laid Courts at Wejiminjler; and the Sheriff, upon every fuch Execution, fhall and he is hereby authorized to decain the Defendant or Defendants until the Sum of Twenty Shillings be paid to him, or to levy the fame out of the Effeff , according to the Nature of the Execution, tor the extraordinary Cofts of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in the faid Court, over and above the Money for which fuch Executions fhall be iffued.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, That upon each and every Precept to be iffued upon Execution awarded againft the Body or Goods and Chattels of ally Perlon or Perfons whomfoever, the Clerk of the faid Court for the Time being fhall indorfe or caufe to be indoifed the Sum or Sums of Money, and the Cofts fo ordered, decreed and adjudged; and if the Party or Parties againft whom fuch Execution fhall be awarded refpedlively fhall, before any aftual Sale of the Goods and Chattels, or before he, (he, or they is or are apprehended, or before the Expiration of the Term of his, her, or their Imprifontment, as herein mentioned, pay, or caule to be paid or tendered unto the Clerk for the Time being of the laid Court, fuch Sum or Sums of Money and Cofts together with the Fee or Fees herein directed to be paid to fuch Clerk, as a Compenfation for his Trouble in receiving the fame, and in entering an Acknowledgment and Satisfaction in full for fuch Sum or Sums of Money and Cofts, then and in every fuch Cafe the Execution lhall be fuperfeded, and the Body or Goods and Chattels of the laid Party or Parties fhall be difeharged and fet at Liberty.

XXXII.	And be it further enaded, That the Keeper or Keepers for

the Time being of the Common Gaol within the faid Weftern Divifion of the faid c ounty of Kent, fhall and he and they is and are hereby required to receive and take into his or their Cuftody refpedivdy all and every Perfon or Perfons who lhall be committed or ordered to Hand committed ,	under

94T

-Record cf (Judgment may bj removed into .the Sup rior Court, and Writ of 'Kx cut ion ifl'ue theieon.

Clerk to indorfe Debt and Colts on the Precepr, and 'fpiid to b'm before S ile, Execution Co be fuperfeded .

Penalty on Keeper of Prilon neg. leeliug hit Duty.

948

No Priv'.lege to b allowed /Wt< rniet.

No At’o- nejr, &c. to b- ’.n Advoca'tr in thia Court.

48” GEORGII III."‘Cap. 50.

under or by virtue of this Aft; and in cafe the Keeper or Keepers of fuch Gaol or Prifon fhall negletl or refufe to receive and take into his or their Cuftody any Perlon or Perfons fo committed, or fhall before the Expiration of the Time for which any Perfon or Perfons fhall be committed to his or their Cultody, difeharge fuch Perfon or Perfons out of his or their Cuftody, and wilfully fuffer fuch Perfon or Perfons to go at large without a Warrantor Order for that Purpofe in Writing, ftgned in Court by the faid Commiflioners or any Three or more of them, fuch Keeper and Keepers refpeOively fo offending in either of the faid Crfes, and being thereof convicted before any One of more of His Majefty’s Juflices of the Peace for the faid Countv of Kent, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes (which Oath fuch [ultice or Juflices is and arc hereby authorized and required to adminiftc) or upon his or their own Conftllion, (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, at the Difcretion of the faid Juftice or Juflices; and in cafe fuch Sum fhall not be immediately paid by the Perfon or Perfons fo offending into the Hands of the faid Juftice or Juflices, before whom fuch Offender or Offenders (hall be convifted, then and in every fuch Cale fuch Sum fhall be levied by Diffrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender o Offenders by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of fuch Juftice or Juflices, rendering the Overplus (if any' upon Demand to fuch Offender or Offenders, after deducing the Cofls and Charges of fuch Diffrefs and Sale ; and fuch Forfeiture, when fo paid, levied, or recovered, fhall be diftributed in like Manner as the feveral other Fines and Penalties are by this AQ. directed to be diftributed ; and in cafe fuffioier.t Diffrefs fhall not be found, it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juftice or Juflices to commit fuch Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correction for the Weftem Divifion of the faid County of Kent, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Penalty and Forfeiture and all Cofts and Charg s attending fuch Conviction, be fooner paid and difeharged.

XXXIII And be it further enaCted, That no Privilege fhall be allowed to exempt any Perlon liable to be fummoned by virtue of this ACt, from thcJurifdiCtion of the faid Court of Requefts,on account ofhis beinga fwom Attorney or Solicitor, or other Officer of any of His Mtjelly’s Courts of Record at Wejltninjier, or of any other Court whatfoever, but that all fuch Attornies, Solicitors, and other Officers fhall be fubjeCt to the feveral Proceffes, Orders, Judgments, and Executions of the faid Court of Requefts, in the fame Manner as any other Perfon or Perfons is and arc fubjeCt to the fame.

XXXIV.	And be it further enafted, That no fuch Attorney', Solicitor, Scrivener, or any Perfon praCtifing the Law, fhall be permitted to appear in the faid Court of Requefts as an Attorney, Solicitor, or Advocate for or on Behalf of any Plaintiff'or Defendant, or any other Perfon, to fpeak before the faid Court in any Caufe, ACtion, or Matter in which fuch Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener, is not himfelf a Party or Witnefs ; and in cafe any Attorney Solicitor, or Scrivener fhall appear in the faid Court of Requefts as an Attorney, Solicitor, or Advocate for or on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, or fpeak before the faid Court in any Caufe, Aftion, or Matter in which fuch Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener is not -himfelf a Party or Witnefs, then and in every fuch Cafe fuch Attorney,

Solicitor,

I

48° GEORGII III. Cap:$Q.	949

Solicitor, or Scrivener fo offending, fhall for every fuch Offence forfeitand pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, on being convicted thereof, before any One or or more of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the County aforefaid, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes (which Oath fuchJuftice and Juftices is and are hereby authorized and required to adminifter) or on his own Confcffibn; and in cafe fuch Sum off Money fhall not be paid forthwith by the Perfon or Perfons fo offending into the Hands of the faid Juftice or Juftices before whom fuch Offender fhall be convicted, then and in every fuch Cafe fuch Sum of Money fhall be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of fuch Jultice or Juftices, rendering the Overplus (if any) to fuch Offender, after deducting fuch Fine or Forfeiture, and the Cofts and Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale; and fuch Fine or Forfeiture, when fo paid and levied or recovered, fhall be diftributed in like Manner as the feveral other Fines and Penalties are by this Act directed to be diftributed.

XXXV.	And be it further enacted, That the feveral Fees hereinafter t0 be limited and expreffed, and no other, fhall be taken by the Clerks and Bea- l'' en’ dies for their feveral and refpeCtive Services in the Execution of this ACt, for the Recovery of all Stuns not exceeding Five Pounds, according to the Amount of the Sum recovered (that is to fay,)

	bo  -3		f  T3	
	j 5 f  qr	‘•gsS  PC*		£ 8 j
To the CLERK.	0  a		O  a	S -  C3
• ' -"u •*'• • • ‘ ' 1 - ; -V..,..	s. d.	S.	d.	s. a*
Entering every Cafe ...	0 3	I	O	1 6
Iffuing every Summons ...	0 3	0	6	1 0
Eor calling the Plaintiff and Defendant before ")				
.the Court and entering Appearance - J	0 3		3	0 0
For every Hearing ...	0 6	1	O	i 6
Entering and drawing tip the Order	0 6	0	9	1 6
Paying Money into Court in full, and entering )	0 6			
the fame in his Book ' j - j			9	
Paying Money by Inftalments -	0 6	6	9	t 0
Iffuing Snbpqsna ...	0 6	I	0	1 6
Iffuing every Attachment, Precept, Order, or ) Execution - - j	1 ©	I	6	a 6
Acknowledging Satisfaction in part or in full -	0 6	O	6	I O
For every Nonfuit *	0 6	t	6	2; Q
Every Search in tho Book	° 3	O	3	0 6
For iwearing every Witnefs - -	° 3	O	4	0. 6

11H

f Lsc. V Pin]

To

950

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

A Table of foch Fees to be hung up in the Couit.

Limiting the Time ©i im-prilbning Ueb'.ors, &c.

Any Debtor concealing Money or Goods, the

	bo  c	bO  C	to
	-o  M U .	'O	jsl .
	-S « 0 P 8 «	P 2 3-	og-
To the BEADLE.	G	O	0  G
	s. d.	x. d.	d.
For calling every Caufe -	0 2	O 2	0 3
For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant -	0 2	O 2	0 3
For every Hearing ...	0 2	0 3	0 4
For every Nonfuit -	° 3	0 4	0 6
Serving every Summons, Order, or Subpoena1)			
in the Town of Sevenoaks or Town of Ton- >	° 3	0 6	0 9
bridge - - - )			
If out of the Town of Sevenoaks or Town of)			
Tonbridge for every Mile extra - J	-0 3	° 3	0 4
Execution of every Warrant, Precept, or At-)			
tachment againft the Goods or Body - J			
If out of the Town of Sevenoaks or Town of)			
Tonbridge, for every Mile extra - - J	0 3	0 3	0 4

And the faid Commiffioners fhalJ and they are hereby required to hang

up and affix or caufe to be hung up and affixed a Table of all fuch Fees in fome confpicuous Part of the laid Court or Place of Meeting of the faid Commiffioners, in order that all Perfons concerned may be enabled to perufe the fame.

XXXVI.	And be it further enacted, That no Perfon or Perfons whom-foever (hall be committed to Prifon by Order of the faid Court for any Debt or Debts, or kept or continued inCuftody on any Pretence whatfo ver (except in the Cafes herein-after provided for) for any longer Space or Spaces of Time, from the Time of his, her, or their Commitment to Prifon, than is or are hereafter limited, (that is to fay), where the Debt (exclufive of Cofts) does not exceed the Sum of Twenty Shillings, then he, /he, or they /hall not be kept or continued in Cuftody for more than Twenty Days; and where the Debt (exclufive of Cofts) is above Twenty Shillings, and does not exceed Forty Shillings, then not more than Forty Days ; and where the Debt (exclufive of Cofts) is above Forty Shillings, and does not exceed Three Pounds, then not more than Sixty Days; and where the Debt (exclufive of Cofts) is above Three Pounds, and does not exceed Four Pounds, then not more than Eighty Days; and where the Debt (exclufive of Cofts) is above Four Pounds, then not more than One Hundred Days, from the Time of his, her, or their Commitment ; and the faid Keeper and Keepers of the faid Gaol or Prifon is and are hereby direfted and required to difeharge fuch Perfons accordingly.

aO 10

XXXVII.	And, in order more effeftually to prevent Perfons fummoned for Debt to the faid Court from fraudulently concealing their Money, Goods, or Effects, be it further enabled, That in cafe upon the Summons of any

Perfon

48°GE0RGII III. Cap. 50.	951

Perfon for any Debt or Debts before the faid Court, In formation, of -any	1113

fuch fraudulent Concealment fhall be given, fuch Court (hall have Power mem to" t>« to hear Evidence as to the Fa ft, and in cafe it fhall be proved to their enlarged. Satisfaftion, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Wit-nefTes, which Oath the faid Court is hereby empowered to adminifter, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court to enlarge the aforefaid Time of Imprifonment of fuch Debtor to any Period in Addition thereto not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That all and every Perfon and The Time of

Perfons who fhall be taken in Execution under or by virtue of any Procefs	b?°f^pa"t

iffuing from or out of the faid Court of Requefts, and who at the Time rit iy and of his, her, or their being taken into Cuftody, or during his, her, or Jyr°c’^dy their Imprifonment, fhall have more than One Execution againft him. Execution, her, or them in the faid Court, fhall be imprifoned the Time by this Aft

limited for andinrefpeft of fuch Execution, and after the Time fo limited in the Firfl Execution is expired, the Imprifonment on the Second Execution fhall commence, and after the Time fo limited on the Second Execution is expired, the Imprifonment on the Third Execution fhall commence, and fo on until he, fhe, or they fhall have been imprifoned the Time by this Aft limited for and in refpeft of each feparate Execution to be iffued againfl him, her, or them in the faid Court, previous to his, her, or their being taken into Cuftody, or during his, her, or their Imprifonment, any Law, Statute or Ufage to the contrary thereof in any. wife notwithftanding.

XXXIX.	And be it further enafted. That each and every Perfon impri- Debtors not to foned by virtue of this Aft fhall, on the Expiration of his or her Time of P*y e>aoi Fees. Imprifonment, be difeharged and fet at Liberty, without paying any Sum

or Sums of Money, Fee or Fees, or other Reward or Gratuity whatfoever to the Keeper or Keepers or Turnkey or Turnkeys of the Prifon to which he or fhe fhall have been committed, or others, by wav of Gaol Fees, or Difcharge Fees, or on any Pretence whatfoever ; and if any Keeper or Keepers, Turnkey or Turnkeys of fuch Prifon, or any Perfon whornfoever fhall demand, take, or receive any Fee or Fees, Sum or Sums of Money whatfoever upon the Difcharge of any fuch Perfon or Perfons fo committed to his, her, or their Charge or Cuftody as aforefaid, or fhall keep or detain any fuch Perfon or Perfons a Prifoner or PriJoners after the Time by this Aft limited for his, her, or their Imprifonment, every fuch Keeper, Turnkey, and other Perfon fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds ; and it fhall and may be -lawful to and for any Two Jul-tices of the Peace for the faid County to hear and determine every fuch Offence, and fuch Two Juftices are hereby authorized and required, upon any Information exhibited or Complaint made before them of fuch Offence having been committed (in cafe fuch Information fhall be exhibited or Complaint made within Three Calender Months after the Offence committed) to fumrnon the Party accufed and alfo the Witneffes on each Side, and to examine into the Matter of Faft, and upon due Proof made thereof by the Oath of One or more credible Withefs or Witneffes or by the voluntary Confeflion of the Party accufed, to give Judgment or Sentence for fuch Penalty or Forfeiture aforefaid; and in cafe fuch Penalty or Forfeiture fhall not be forthwith paid, to iffue a Warrant under their Hands and Seals 8	for

95 2

Officers of the Court negleit. ing tlicir Du y «o pay ihc Colts, etc.

Officers taking anv Fee* tiefides the Feet allowed by the Aft, to lofe their Situations.and pay a Fine.

4.8° GEORGII III. iCap.50.

for levying fuch Penalty and Forfeiture by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting fuch Penalty and Forfeiture, and the Colts and Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale to the Owner or Owners thereof; and in cafe Efficient Did.refs ihall not be found, it fltall aud may be lawful to and for fuch Jultices to commit fuch Offender or Offenders to fome one of the Common Gaols or Houfes of Correction for the Weftern Divifion of the faid County of Kent, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Penalty and Forfeiture, and all Coils and Charges attending fuch Conviction be fooner paid and difeharged, and One Moiety of fuch Penalty or Forfeiture when paid or received ihall be paid to the Perfon or Perfons informing or fuing for the fame, and the other Moiety thereof to the Clerk of the faid Commiliiontrs; and fuch Moiety fo paid to the faid Clerk, ihall be by the faid Commiilioners diftributed amongft the Poor of the feveral Parifhes and Places within the Jurifdiction of the faid Court, in fuch Shares and Proportions as to the faid Commiilioners ihall feem right and proper.

XL. And be it further enaded, That if any Beadle or other Officer or Officers of the faid Court employed to ferve any Execution, ihall, by wilful Neglect, Omiffion, or Connivance, caufe or fuffer the Party again ft whom fuch Execution ihall be awarded to efcape or abfeond, or the Goods of fuch Party to be carried away or fecreted, fo that fuch Execution ihall not have its due Effect, it ihall and may be lawful to and for the faid Com • miffioners, upon Complaint and due Proof thereof made upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witnefs or Witnefle?, to order fuch Beadle or other Officer to pay the Sum or Sums of Money for which iuch Execution was awarded to the Parties complaining, and to enforce the Payment thereof by the fame Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of his, her, or their Debt or Debts; and it ihall and may be lawful to and for the faid Coin ini ilioners and they are hereby enabled to impofe any Fine not exceeding Ten Pounds for every fuch Oflence, on fuch Beadle or Beadles, Officer or Officers; and fuch Fine, if not forthwith paid, ihall and may be levied and recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of thp Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the faid Commiffioueis, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deduding fuch Fine, and the Coils and Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels ; and fuch Fine, when fo levied and recovered, ihall be paid to and diftributed by the faid Commiffioners in fuch Shares and Proportions and in fuch Manner amongft the Poor of the feveral Pariflies and Places within the Juriiuidion of the faid Court, as they the faid Commiffioners may think fit and proper.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if anv Clerk* Beadle, or any other Officer or Servant employed by die laid Commiffioners in putting this AS or any of the Powers thereof in Execution, ihall exad, take, or accept any Fee or Reward whatfoever, other than and except fuch Fees as are appointed and allowed to them refpedively by virtue of this Act, for or on account of any thing done or to be done under or by virtue thereof, or on any account whatfoever relative to putting this Ad into Execution, every fuch Perfon fo offending ihall upon Conviction thereof before the faid Commiffioners at any of their Meetings, or upon Verdid or Judgment being had againil him in fuch Adion as next herein-after

mentioned.

953

4S°GEORGII III. Cap.'yQ.

mentioned, be for ever incapable of ferving or being employed under this Act in any Office of Profit or Emolument, and (hall over and above forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds to any Perfon or Perfons who ffiall fue for the fame by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjtcr, within Six Calendar Months after the Olfence committed, in which Suit no Effoign, Prote&ion, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance Ihall be allowed.

XI.II. And be it further enafted, That if any Clerk or Beadle of the faid Court Ihall negleft to iffiie or ferve any Summons in the due or proper Time for ferving the fame, or Ihall be guilty of any Negleft or Mif-behaviour, or otherwife mifeonduft himfelf in the Execution of his Office, then and in every furh Cafe, upon Complaint made, it Ihall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby empowered, in open Court, to hear and enquire into the Matter of fuch Negleft, Mif-behaviour, or MifconJuft, by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, and in cafe it Ihall appear to the faid Commiffioners on fuch Hearing and Enquiry, that fuch Clerk or Beadle has been guilty of fuch Negleft, Milbehaviour, or MifconduCt, it Ihall arid may be lawful to and for die faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby empowered to fuf-pend or remove the faid Clerk or Beadle fo offending from his faid Office, and nominate or appoint fome other fit and able PeTfon to execute the faid Office in the Place or Steal of the Officer fo removed.

XLIII. And be it further enabled, That if any Perfon or Perfons, upon his, her, or their Examination on Oath or Affirmation before the faid Commiffioners in any Action, Caufe, or Matter depending in the faid Court of Requefts, or before any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace aftiqg in Execution of this Aft, Ihall wilfully and corruptly give falfe Evidence, or ffiall wilfully and corruptly fwear any Matter or Thing which Ihall be falfe or untrue, every fuch Perfon fo offending, and being duly convifted thereof, ffiall be and is hereby declared to be fubject and liable to fuch Pains and Penalties as by any Law or Statute, Laws or Statutes in Force and Effeft, Perfons guilty of wilful or corrupt Perjury are fubject and liable to. .

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons ffiall contemptuoufly and wilfully inl'ult or abufe all or any of the faid Com-miffioners, or any of the Officers of the faid Court for the Time being, during his or their Sitting or Attendance in the faid Court, or ffiall interrupt or obftruft the Proceedings of the faid Court, then and in every fuch Cafe it ffiall and may be lawful to and for the Beadle or Beadles of the faid Court with or without the Affiltance of any other Perfon or Perfons, by Order of the faid Commiffioners, to take fuch Offender or Offenders into Cuitody ; and the faid Commiffioners ffiall then examine into fuch Infult, Abufe, or Milbehaviour, either from their own View or Knowledge of what paffed, or by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, and upon fuch Inlult, Abufe, or Milbehaviour being duly proved as aforefaid, it ffiall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, and the)' are hereby authorized and empowered to impofe a Fine not exceeding Ten Pounds for each and every fuch Offence on each and every fuch Offender or Offenders; and in cafe fuch Fine ffialFnot be forthwith [Lor. Cf Per.~]	11 I—K	paid.

C’crk or P>-a« die n, >t performing Ins Du y rmy be removed.

PuniOiinr Per-16ns gui’ty or Pcrjiny.

For prevent*

iiii» Infuits bring offered to the Courr,

954	48°	0	£ORtJII	III.	Cap.	50.

faid, the fame fhall and may be levied and recovered by Dif!refs and bale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Offender or Offenders by Warrant Under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of the faid Commii'-fioners, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting fuch Fine and the Cofts and Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale to the Owner or Owners of Thch Goods and Chattels; and the faid Fine, when fo paid, levied, or recovered, fhall be paid to and diftributed by the Commiflioners in fuch Shares a;id Proportions and in. fuch Manner amongft the Poor of the feve-ral Parifhes and Places within the Jurifdiftion of the laid Court-as they the faid Comniifftoners fhall think fit and proper; and in cafe fufftcient Diftrefs fhall not be found, it fhall and may be lawful for any Three or more of the faid Commiflioners to commit fuch Offender or-Offenders to the Common Gao1! for the Weflern Divifion of the faid County of Kent, for any Time not exceeding the Space of One Calendar Month.

to prevent"01 XLV. Provided always. That nothing herein contained fhall extend or D.ftrcn for	be conftrued to extend fo as to prevent or reftrain any Perfon from	dif-

R,nt-	training for any Rent or Arrears thereof, although the fame fhall	not

exceed the Sum of Five Pounds.

Limitations XLVT. And, for removing all Doubts whether the Statute of Limitations may i>e	maybe pleaded in the faid Court of Requefts, be it further enafted, That

plcaJ«d.	all Defendants in the faid Court fhall be allowed to plead or claim	the

Benefit of any Statute of Limitations in Force and Effeft, and every Defendant fo pleading or clairping fhall have and receive fugh and the like Advantage and Relief thereby as fuch Defendant would have been entitled to in cafe this Aft had not been made, and he; fhe, or they had been fued for the fame Debt or other Caufe of Aftion ‘in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjlcr or any other Court, and had there pleaded fuch S.a-tute in bar to the Aftion or Suit.	•IW

)	l'f	••■'M	■	: .	'	..	.	■

Ap^icavijaof -£LVII. And be it further enafted, That all-Penalties or Forfeitures by Penalties. virtue of this Aft impofed (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwife particularly direfted) fhall be levied and recovered by Diftrefs and'Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of the faid Canimiffioneis (which Warrant fuch Commiflioners are hereby empowered to grant) upon the Ccfnfeflion of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witnefs upon Oath, and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arifing by fuch Diftrefs and Sale "fhall fee returned upon Demand to the Owner of fuch Goods and Chattels, after dech lifting fuch Fines and Penalties, and the Colls and Charges of makifig, keeping, and felling the Diftrefs ; and fuch Penalties and Forfeitures, when' recovered (if not hereinbefore direfted to be otherwife applied) fhall be paid to the Clerk 'to the faidCommiftioners, and fhall be by thefaidCommiflionersdlftributed amongft the Poor of the feverai Parifhes and Plaices within the Jurifdiftion of the faid Court of Requefts, in fuch Shares and Proportions and Tn fueff Manner as the faid Commiflioners or any Three or more bf them fhall tfrink rfeht and proper; and in cafe fufftcient Diftrefs fhall not beTofmd, or fucli Penaltiesand Forfeitures fhall not be paid forthwith,it fhall and niafy be lawful toandfor thefaid Commiflioners and they arehereby authorized anefi^uired, by Warrantunder their Hands and Seals, to raufe the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol for the faid Weftern Divifion of die faid County of 4	Kent,

955

48°GEORGII IIL Cap, 59.

Kent, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reafonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof ihall be fooner fully paid and fatisfied.

XLVIII. And be it further enaCted, That in all Cafes where any Conviction Ihall be made for any Offenc'* or Offences committed againft this ACt, the Form of Conviction Ihall be in the Words or to the Effect-following (that is to fay);	;

‘ "D'E it remembered, that on this	Day of	in

‘ the	Year‘of the Reign of

*	A.B.	is	convicted	before	of	His	Majefty’s Juftices of

‘ the Peace for	[or,	before	of

*	the Commiflioners for the Recovery of Small Debts	i

*	in	the	County	of	Kcht'j	of	having	[ns	the	Offence	ffall	be}	; and I

f [or. We] the faid	do	adjudge	him	[her, or, them] to

*	forfeit and pay for the fame the Sum of	fuch

‘ Offence being contrary to the Proyifions of an ACt, made in the Forty-‘ eighth Year of the Reign of KingGrsrgethe Third, intituled [here infert the

*	Title of this Aft}. Given under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands ‘ and Seals] the Day and Year aforefaid.’

XLIX. And be it further, enaCted* That where any Diftref? fhall.be made for any Sum of Money, to be levied by virtue of tins ACt, the Djf-trefs itlelf fhall not be deemed rinlawful, nor the Party •Oi' Parties making the fame be deemed aTrefpaffer or Trefpaffers on account of any Defeat or Want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Diftrefs, or other Proceeding relating thereto, nor fhall the Party or Parties diftraining be deemed aTrefpaffer or Trefpaffers ab initio on account of any Irregularity which (ball be afiervyard^ done, by thy Party or Parties fo diltraining,. but the Perfon or Perfons aggrieved by' luch Irregularity Ihall and may recover full Satisfaction for the fpecial Damage in an ACtion upon the Cafe.

L. And be it further enaCted, That no Order, VerdiCt, Affeffinent, or Judgment, or other Proceeding made touching or concerning any of the Matters aforefaid, or touching or concerning the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders againft this ACt, Ihall be qualhed or vacated for Want of Form only.

LI. And be it further enaCted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhall recover in any ACtion to be commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing done in purfuance of this ACt, unlefs Notice in Writing fhall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Forty-two Days before fuch ACtion be commenced of fuch intended Action ltgned by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fpecifying the Caufe of fuch ACtion; nor Ihall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any fuch ACtion if Tender of fufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, of their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before fuch ACtion brought; and in cafe no fuch Tender Ihall have been made, it Ihall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any fuch ACtion, by Leave of the Court after fuch ACtion fhall have been

brought

Prefcribing the Form of Conviction.

Form of Conviction.

fCi,

Diltrcfi not unlawful for want or F„rnw

Proceedingi not to be (liiaflied for VV:i nt of Form.

Plaintiff not to recover without Notice, or alter Tender of Amende.

956	48°GEORGIi	III.	Cap.	50.'

brought, at any Time before Iffue joined, to pay into Court fuch Sum of Money as he, fhe, or they fhall think fit, whereupon fuch Proceedings, Order, and Judgment fhall be made and given in and by fuch Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

Limitation of LII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That no Action or Suit L lon,' fhall be commenced againll any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing done in purfuance of this Aft after Three Calendar Months next after the Faft committed; and every fuch Action or Suit fhall be brought to Trial in the Connty of Kent and not elfewhere; and if any fuch Aftion or Suit fhall be brought before Forty-two Days Notice fhall have been given, or after fufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforefaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the fame as aforefaid, or lhall be brought in any other County than as aforefaid, then and in every fuch < afe the Jury fhall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon fuch Verdift, or if the Plaintiff fhall be nonfuited, or difeontinue his, her or their Aftion or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants fhall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment fhall be given againft fuch Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every fuch Cafe the Defendant or Defendants fhall have treble Colls, and have fuch Remedy for recovering the fame as any Defendant hath for Coils of Suit in ether Cafes by Law.

Declaring th'» LIII. And be it further enafted, That this A cl fhall be deemed and

Act.a^U tk tahen to be a Publick Aft, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juflices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan. Printers to the King’s mofl Excellent Majefty. 18o8.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

****#**7(i**5|»*»********i(l**#**************'!|H|MI>4(Mf*lf***?MHlM»*

Cap. 51.

An Aft for enlarging the Powers of an Aft of His pre-fent Majefty, for the moreeafy and fpeedy Recovery of Small Debts within the City of Rochejler, the Parifh of St rood, and feveral other Parifhes and Places in the County o{Kent. [27th May 1808.]

75" ''ff WHEREAS an Adt was made in the Twenty-fecond Year of the V/V/ Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Ad for the more „ o. 3. c --7.

V T eafy and fpeedy Recovery of Small Debts within the City of Ro-chefter, and the Parifhes of Strood, Frindlbury, Cobham, Shorne, Hig-ham, Cliffe, Cooling, High Halftow, Chalk, Idoo, Burham, Wouldham,

Hailing, Cuxftone, Chatham, and Gillingham, and the Ville t/'Sheernefs, in the County of Kent: And whereas the faid Adi: has been found ufeful and beneficial; but the fame is in fome refpedts defective ar.d infufticient fully to anfwer the good Purpofes thereby intended; and it is expedient that fome of the Provifions of the faid Adt Ihould be amended and enlarged :

And whereas it would greatiy tend to the Improvement and Encouragement of Trade in the faid City and Parifhes, and to the neceflary Support and Protection of ufeful Credit within the fame, if the Powers of the faid recited Adt were extended to the Recovery of Small Debts not exceeding Five Pounds; may it therefore pleafe Your Majefty, Thatitmav be enact-[Loc. Ss5 Per.]	11	L	'	ed	•

962

Fart of former ■Aft repealed.

Commiflion-

ers of former Act to execute this Act.

Kegn^t'ons as to what IS umber or Com-mi 01 ers fhall be pie-lent.

Clerks appointed under the fo mer Act to be continued.

For afcfr ain-ine vkho<hf.ll be Plaintiff* ano ifencl-ants*

48° GEORGII III. Cap.51.

ed ; and be it enacted by the King’s moil Excellent Majefly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, 1 hat fo much of the faid recited Aft as confines or reftrains the Cognizance or Jurifdiftion of the Court of Requefts for the faid City and Parilhes, to any Debt or Debts not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings, fliall, from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and eight, be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II.	And be it further enafted, That all and every the Commiffioners who are or fliall be nominated and appointed in the Manner dilefted by the faid recited Aft, are and fliall be Commiffioners for putting the faid recited Aft and this Aft into Execution, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Pur-pofes as if the feveral Regulations, Powers, and Authorities contained in the laid recited Aft, touching or concerning the Nomination or Appointment of fuch CommiflionerSj were repeated and re-enafted in this prefent Aft.

III.	And be it further enafted, That on the Hearing, Examination, and Determination of each and every Aftion, Caufe, or Quellion, for the Recovery of any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, Five at lealt of the faid Commiffioners fliall be prefent in Court; and on the Hearing, Examination, and Determination of each and every Aftion, Caufe, or (^ueilion, for the Recovery of any Sum exceeding Forty Shillings, Three at ltafl of the faid Commiffioners ihall be prefent in Court.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That the Clerk and Deputy Clerk duly elefted under and by virtue of the faid recited Aft, fliall remain and continue to be fuch Clerk and Deputy Clerk of the faid Court of Requells, for the Execution of the Purpofes in the faid recited Aft and in this Aft contained, fubjeft and liable to the Rules, Orders, Regulations, Reftric-tjons. Penalties, and Forfeitures in the laid recited Aft and this Aft contained.

V.	And be it further enafted, That it Ihall be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons, whether refiding within the faid City or Parilhes, or any of them, or elfewhere, and all Bodies Politic or Corporate, and Fraternities or Brotherhoods, whether Corporate or not Corporate, who now have or hereafter fliall have any fuch Debt or Debts as is or are deferibed in the faid recited Aft or any of them, or any other Debt or Debts (fave and except fuch as are herein excepted) owing or due to or claimed or demanded by fuch Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic, or Corporate, and Fraternities or Brotherhoods, whether Corporate, or not Corporate, in his, her. or their own Right, or in the Right of any other Perlon or Perfons to whom he, {he, or they fliall be Executor, Adminillrator, Guardian, or Truftee, and for which Debt or Debts he, flie, or they Ihall demand any Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds from any Perfon or Perfons whom-foever, refiding or inhabiting within the faid City or Parilhes, or either of them, or keeping any Houfe, Warehoufe, Shop, Shed, Stall, or Stand, or feeking a Livelihood, or trading or dealing within the faid City or Parilhes, or either of them, to caufe fuch Debtor or Debtors, Perfon or Perfons from whom fuch Debt or Debts Ihall be clue or owing, or claimed or demanded; and fo a Refideot Inhabitant, or keeping any Houfe, Warehoufe, Shop,

Shed,

48‘GEORGII III. Cap. 51.	963

Shed, Stall, or Stand, or feeking a Livelihood, or trading or dealing as aforefaid, to be warned or fummoned by perfonal Service, or by a printed or written Summons left at the Dwelling Houfe, Lodgings, or Place of Abode, Warehoufe, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or any other Place of dealing of fuch Debtor or Debtors, or Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid, within the Jurifdiclion of the faid Court, to appear before the Commiilioners of the faid Court at fuch Time and Place as in fuch Summons lhall be exproffed, in fuch and the fame Manner, and under and fubjeft to fuch and the fame Powers, Procel's, and Method of Proceedings, Orders, Judgements, Decrees* and Executions, as are mentioned, expreffed, enacted, and declared an and by the faid recited Aft; and the . faid Commiilioners lhall and may. in or by fuch their Orders, Decrees, and Judgements, order and direct the Payment of any fuch Debt or Debts to be made either in One Sum at Once or by Inltalments at Itated Periods, as they lhall fee Caufe and deem juft and reafonable; and every fuch Order, Decree, Judgment, and Proceeding fa to be made lhall be regiftered in a Book or Books as the fame have been accuftomed to be regiftered, and fuch Regiltry lhali be made by the faid Clerk or Deputy Clerk or one of them, and the Party Plaintiff or Parties Plaintiffs, and the Debtor or Defendant, or Debtors or,Defendants, whom any fuch Order, Decree, Judgment, or Proceeding fhall refpeftively concern, lhall obferve, perform, and keep the fame refpeftively in all Points:

Provided always, that no fuch Order, Decree, Judgement, or Proceeding lhall be removed or removeable by Certiorari or any other Writ or Proceis whatfoever, into any of His Majelty’s Courts of Record at Wejiminjler or elfewhere.	.	i	t	,

VI,	And, for better regulating the Sittings of the faid Court; be it fur- To rfgu{lfe ther enafted, That the laid Commiilioners lhall not hold the faid Court, or the sittings of hear or determine any Cafe or Cafes, Caufe or Caufes by virtue of die faid llls Couru recited Aft or of this Aft, but between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock

in the Forenoon and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, and that nothing in the faid recited Aft or in this Aft, or in either of them contained, lltall extend or be conltrued to extend fo as to require or compel the Attendance of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, Witnefs or Witneffes in the faid Court in purfuance of any Order or Summons iffued out of the faid Court, or by any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever afting as an Officer or Officers of the faid Court, fave and except between the faid Hours of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That no Evidence lhall be permitted to No Evidence be given by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs on the Triai of any luch Caufe or p°abJA‘un by .Aftion as aforefaid, or of any Caufe of Action, except fuch as is ftated in [VaWr not the faid Summons hereby direfted to be given, nor lhall any Evidence be ll lt d >» hit admitted on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants on the Trial of fuch by^e'fcndaM Caufe or Aftion, of any Demand he, Ihe, or they may have on the Plaintiff of any crofs or Plaintiffs in the Nature of a Set-off,to leffenor difeharge himfelf,herfelf, m'”h"veon or themfelves from fuch Demand or Caufe of Aftion, imlels Notice thereof 'he rhaniff, in Writing has been given to the laid Plaintiff or Plaintiffs by perfonal

Service, or by leaving it at his, her, or their Dwelling-houfe, Warehoufe,

Wharf, Quay, Lodging, Place of Abode, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or

13	other

964

And if Plaintiff docs not appear to prove his Demand, Defendant lhall have Colts,

Punilhing Witnelfes n at attending if 1'ummoned.

48 GEORGII III. Cap. a 1.

other Place of dealing, trading, or working, previous to the Day wheft iuch Matter or Caufe lhall be heard or tried.

VIII.	And be it further enaded. That if Upon any Day of the Return of any Summons iffued on the Behalf of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or at any Continuation or Adjournment of the laid Court, or of the Caufe for or on account of which the faid Summons lhall have been iffued, the Plain'iff or Plaintiffs fhall not appear, either in Perfon, or by his, her, or their Agent, or fome other Perfon on his, her, or their Behalf, or appearing, fhall not make Proof of his, her, or their Demands to the Satisfaction of the faid Court, but fhall become non-fuited, or Judgment fhall be pronounced againft him, her, or them, by the faid Court, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners prefent in Court, to award to the Defendant or Defendants fuch reafonable Cofts, and fuch reafonable Satisfaction for his, her, or their Trouble and Attend* ance, as they the faid Commiflioners in their Difcretioa fhall think fit, and to order and compel the Plaintiff' or Plaintiffs to pay the fame, by l'uch Ways and Means as any Debt or Debts ordered or decreed by the laid Court can or may be recovered.

IX.	And be it further enabled, That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons re-fiding or being within the Jurildidtion of the faid Court, after having been duly ferved with a Subpoena or Summons, to be iffued by the Clerk or Deputy Clerk of the faid Court of Requefts, or either of them, and paid or tendered his or her reafonable Expences, to attend and give his, her, or their Evidence at a Time and Place in fuch Subpoena or Summons mentioned, on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, (hall neglect or refufe to appear purfuar.t to fuch Subpoena or Summons, due Proof b'-ing made of the Service of fuch Subpoena or Summons, and no fufficient Caufe for his, her, or their Abfence or Non-appearance being (hewn to the Satisfaction of the faid Court, on Oath, or in cafe of being a Quaker or Quakers, folemii Affirmation being made (which Oath or Affirmation the faid Commiflioners or any Three or more of them are hereby authorized and required to admi-nifter) before the laid Commiflioners, by the Party or Parties at whofe In-ftance and on whofe Behalf fuch Subpoena or Summons iffued, that the Perfon or Perfons ferved therewith was or Were a Witr.efs by fuch Party or Parties judged neceffary for the Proof of his, her, or their Caufe or Caufes, Adtion or Actions, Complaint or Complaints, Defence or Defences, or if the Perfon or Perfons fo ferved with fuch Subpoena or Summons fhall appear and refufe to be fworn, or being a Quaker or Quakers to make Affirmation, (which Oath or A ffirmation the faid Commiflioners or any Three or more of them are hereby authorized and required to adminifter), or to give Evidence touching the Matter in Queftion, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners to impofe any Fine, not exceeding Five Pounds on fuch Perfon or Perfons; and in cafe fuch Fine fhall not be paid forthwith, fuch Fine Avail and may be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the faid Commiflioners, rendering the Overplus, if any, after deducing fuch Fine, and the Cofts and Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels ; and fuch Fine, when fo paid, levied, or recovered, fliall be paid over to the Party or Parties at whofe Inflanceor on whofe Behalf fuch

Subpoena

48“ GEORG II III. Cap. si.	96$

Subpoena or Summons fhall have been ifftted ; and in cafe fufficient Diflrefs fhall not be found, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any Three or more of the faid Commiffioners to commit fuch Offender to the Common Gaol in and for the faid City of Rcchejler, for any Time not exceeding the Space of One Calendar Month.

X.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall not be lawful to or for the frccefs to faid Commiffioners to iffue any Procefs againft the Body or Bodies of any “iff Body Perfon or Perfons in any Cafe or Cafes where the Party entitled to the and Goods. Benefit of any Order, judgment, or Decree fhall at the fame Time have obtained any Warrant or Procefs againft the Goods and Chattels of the fame

Perfon or Perfons.

XI.	And, for the more effectual Prote&ion of the faid Commiffioners For punifhir.® whilft fitting in the faid Court from Infult, be it further enadted, That if ^gouu °* any Perfon or Perfons fhall contemptuoufly and wilfully infult or abufe all

or any of the faid Commiffioners, or any of the Officers of the faid Court for the Time being, during his or their Sitting or Attendance in the faid Court, or fhall interrupt c.r obfhuct the Proceedings of the faid Court, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Serjeant or Serjeants of the faid Court, or any other Perfon or Perlons, by the Order of the faid Commiffioners, to take fuch Offender or Offenders into C.uf-tedv, and the faid Commiflioners fhall then examine into fuch Infults,

Abufe, or Mifbehaviour, either front then- own View or Knowledge of what pr.fffd, or by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes; and upon fuch Infult, Abufe, or Mifbehaviour, being duly proved as aforefaid, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners and they are hereby authorized and empowered to irnpofe a Fine not exceeding Five Pounds for each and every fuch Offence, on each ami every fuch Offender or Offenders ; and in cafe fuch Fine fhall not be forth-* with paid, fuch Fine fhall and may be levied and recovered by Diflrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of the faid Commiffioners, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducing fuch Fine, and the Cofls and Charges of fuch Diflrefs and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels ; and the faid Fine, when fo paid, levied, or recovered, hall be paid to and diflributed by the faid Commiffioners, in fuch Shares and Proportions and in fuch Manner, amongfl the Poor of the feve-ral Pariffiesand Places within the Jurifdiftion of the faid Court, as they the faid Commiffioners fhall think fit and proper; and in cafe fufficient Diltrefs ffiall net be found, it fhall and may be lawful for any Three or more of the faid Commiffioners to commit fuch Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol of 'he faid City of Rochejier, for any Time not exceeding the Space of One Calendar Month.

XII.	And be it further ennfted, That in every cafe where any Wages Minori may cot exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds ffiall be due to any menial or other fuc fjr Wafces* Servant, Clerk, Book keeper. Journeyman, Shopman, Shcpwoman, Aflif-

tant. Labourer, or any other Perfon whofoever, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, it Hull be lawful for fuch Servant, Clerk, Beck-keeper, Journeyman, Shopman, Shopwoman, Alliftant, Labourer, or other Perfon to fue for and recover fuch Debt in the faid Court of Requests, in the fameMan-[_Loc. if Per.]	11 M	;	ner

966

The Court (ha I nut have Jurifdicrio.iin certain Cafe».

P'aintifTi (hall rut have Lofts in Actions fueahlcin this Court and brought elfe-where.

Statute of Limitations may be pleaded in this Court.

48° GEORGII III. Cap.su

ner as if he or (he were of full Age ; and the faid Commiffioners or any Three or more of them, or any Five or more of them, according to the Amount of fuch Debt, are hereby fully authorized and required in fuch Cafes to take cognizance of and proceed concerning fuch Debts, in the fame Manner, and fhall have fuch and the fame Powers in regard thereto as if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs were of full Age.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That nothing in this Aft contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend fo as to enable the faid Commiffioners to determine the Right or Title to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Real Eftates whatfoever; or to judge, determine, or decide on any Debt where the Title of the Freehold or Leafe for Years or Lives of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of any Chattels Real whatfoever, fhall be brought or come into Queftion ; nor any Debt which fhall not be for the Payment of a Sum certain, nor any Debt for any Sum being the Balance of an Account on Demand originally exceeding Five Pounds; or to judge, determine, or decide on any Debt that fhall arife by reafon of the Occupation of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fituate elfewhere than in the faid City or Parifhes, or one of them ; or by reafon of any Caufe concerning Teflament or Matrimony, or any Thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclefiaftical Court, or for or concerning any Agreement by way of Compofition for or by way of Retainer of Tythes, or for any Matter fueable therein, any Thing ip the faid recited Aft or this Aft contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That if any Aftion or Suit fhall be commenced in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjler for any Debt not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, and recoverable by virtue of the faid recited Aft and of this Aft, or either of them, in the faid Court of Requefls, then and in every fuch Cafe the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in fuch Aftion or Suit (hall not, by reafon of a Verdift for him, her, or them, or otherwife, have or be entitled to any Cofts whatfoever; and if the Verdift (hall be given for the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Aftion or Suit, and the Judge or Judges before whom the fame (hall be tried or heard (hall think fit to certify that fuch Debt ought to have been recovered in the faid Court of Requefls, then and in every fuch Cafe fuch Defendant or Defendants (hall have Treble Gods, and (hall have fuch Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Cofts in any Cafes by Law; Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to prevent or reftrain any Perfon or Perfons from making Diftrefs for any Rent or Arrears thereof, although the fame Rent (hall not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds.

XV.	And, for removing all Doubts whether the Statute of Limitations may be pleaded in the faid Court of Requefts; be it further enafted, That all Defendants in the faid Court (hall be allowed to plead or claim the Benefit of any Statute of Limitations now in being, or hereafter to be made; and every Defendant fo pleading or claiming, (hall have and receive fuch or the like Advantage or Relief thereby, as fuch Defendant would have been entitled to in cafe this Aft had not been made, and he or (he had been Jued for the fame Debt or other Caufe of Aftion in any of His Majefty’s

Courts

9M



48° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

Courts at We/lminfter, or any other Court, and had there pleaded fuch Statute in bar to the A&icn or Suit.

XVI.	And be it further enabled, That no Perfon or Perfons whensoever, who lhall be committed to the Gaol of the faid City, by Order of the faid Court of Requefts, fhall be kept or continued in Cuftody, on any Pretence whatsoever (fave and except as may be herein excepted) for any longer Space or Spaces of Time, front the 'lime of his, her, or their Commitment to Prifon, than is or are next herein-after limited in that Behalf; (that is to fay) Where the Debt (exclufive of Colls) does not exceed Twenty Shillings, then he, Ihe, or they lhall not be kept or continued in Cuftody for more than Twenty Days ; and where the Debt (exclufive of Colls) exceeds Twenty Shillings, and does not exceed Forty Shillings, then not more than Forty Days ; and where the Debt (exclufive of Colls) exceeds Forty Shillings, and does not exceed Three Pounds, then not more than Sixty Days; and where the Debt (exclufive of Colls) exceeds Three Pounds, and does not exceed Four Pounds, then not more than Eighty Days; and where the Debt (exclufive of Colls) exceeds Four1 Pounds, then not more than One hundred Days, from the Time of fuch, his, her, or their Commitment; and the Gaoler or Keeper of the faid Gaol for the Time being is hereby directed and required to difeharge fuch Perfons accordingly.

XVII.	And be it further enabled, That from and after the Commencement of this Adi, all and every Perfon and Perfons who lhall be taken in Execution under or by virtue of any Procefs ilfuing from or out of the faid Court of Requelts, and who at the Time of being taken into Cuftody or during his, her, or their Imprifonment, lhall have more than one Execution againft him, her, or them in the faid Court, he, flic, or they lhall be imprlfoned the limited Time for and in refpeCl of each and every Execution, (that is to fay) after the Time fo limited on the Firlt Execution is expired, the Imprifonment on the Second Execution lhall commenceand after the Time fo limited on the Second Execution is expired, the Imprifonment on the Third Execution lhall commence; and fo on until he, Ihe, or they lhall have been imprlfoned the Time by this Act limited, for and in refpect of each and every feparate Execution to be iffued againft him, her, or them, in the fa:d Court, previous to his, her, or their being taken into Cuftody, or during his, her, or their Imprifonment; any Law, Ufage, or Statute to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVIII.	And, in order the more effectually to prevent Perfons fummoned for Debts to the faid Court from the fraudulent Concealment of their Money or Goods ; be it further onaCted, That in cafe upon the Summons of any Perfon for any Debt or Debts before the faid Court, Information of any fuch Practice lhall be given to the faid Court, then and in fuch Cafe fuch Court lhall have Power to hear Evidence as to fuch fraudulent Concealment ; and in cafe it lhall be proved to their Satisfaction, upon the Oath of One or more Witnefs or Witneffes, or being a Quaker or Quakers on Affirmation, (which Oath and Affirmation the faid Court is hereby empowered to adminifter) that any fuch Debtor has Money or Goods which he or (he has fraudulently and wilfully concealed, then and in every fuch Cafe it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court to enlarge the afore fa id

Limiting the Time of Irh-prilbmntf.t.

Regulations asio luch Im. prilonmcnt where more than one Execution illucb.

If any Debtor

conceals Money or Goods, the Time of his Imprifon-raent lna;l be enlarged.

9^8	4-8°	GEORGII	III.	Cap.	51.

Time of Imprifonment to any Period, in Addition thereto, not exceeding

One Calendar Month.

P*t°r» r<>- XIX. And be it further enacted, That each and every Perfon imprifoned by virtue of this Act (hall, on the Expirationof his or her Timeof Imprifon-ment, be difcharged and fet at liberty without paying any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee or Fees, or other Reward or Gratuity whatfoever, to the . Keeper or Keepers, Turnkey or Turnkeys, of the faid Gaol or Prifon, or , others, by way of Gaol Fees or Difcharge Fees, or on any other Pretence whatfoever; and if any Keeper or Keepers, Turnkey or Turnkeys, of the faid Gaol or Prifon, or any other Perfon whomfoever, fliall demand, take, or receive any Fee or Fees, Sum or Sums of Money whatfoever, upon the Difcharge of any fuch Perfon or Perfons fo committed to his or their Charge or Cuftody as aforefaid, or fhall keep or detain any fuch Perfon or Perfons a Prifoner or Prifoners after the Time by this Ad limited for his, her, or their Imprifonment, every fuch Keeper, Turnkey, and other Perfon, fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds ;

Two jnftices and it fhall and may be lawful to and for any Two Juflices of the Peace

mi'rr fuch* ^or faid City to hear and determine every fuch Offence, and fuch

Offence. Two Juflices are hereby authorized and required, upon any Information exhibited or Complaint made before them of fuch Offence having been committed, in cafe fuch Information fhall be exhibited or Complaint made within Two Calendar Months after the Offence committed, to fummon the Party accufed, and alfo the Witneffes on each Side, and to examine into the Matter of Fad, and upon due Proof made thereof by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, or by the voluntary Confeflion of the Party accufed, to give Judgement or Sentence for fuch Penalty or Forfeiture aforefaid; and in cafe fuch Penalty or Forfeiture fhall not be forthwith paid, to iffue a Warrant, under their Hands and Seals, for levying fuch Penalty and Forfeiture by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deduding fuch Penalty and Forfeiture, and the Cofts and Charges of such Diftrefs and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof; and in cafe fufficient Diftrefs fliall not be found, it fliall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juflices to commit fuch Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol for the faid City, for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months unlefs fuch Penalty and Forfeiture, and all Cofts and Charges attending fuch Con-vidion be fooner paid and difcharged ; and one Moiety of fuch Penalty and Forfeiture, when paid or received, fliall be paid to the Perfon or Perfons informing or fuing for the fame, and the ether Moiety thereof to the Clerk to the faid Commiflioners, and the fame fhall be by the faid Commiflioners diftributed amongft the Poor of the feveral Parifhes and Places within the Jurifdidion of the faid Court, in fuch Shares and Proportions as to the faid Commiflioners fhall feem right and proper.

*« ulations at	it	further enaded. That the feveral Fees and Sums of

to office!**3 Money herein-after limited and expreffed, and no other, fhall be taken fees.	by the Clerk and Serjeant of the faid Court for their refpedive Services

in the Execution of the laid recited Ad and of this Ad, in lieu and in-ftead of the Fees and Sums of Money limited and expreffed in the faid recited Ad made in the Twenty-fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent JMajefty ; that is to fay,

Clerk’s

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

CLERK’S FEES.

For every Summons	-	-	-

For every; Summons for the Attendance of not J more than Two Witneffes	-	J

For calling the Plaintiff or Defendant before the 1 Court	-	-	J

For entering an Appearance For a Nonfuit on the Plaintiff’s not appearing For paying Money into Court For every Hearing	-	-

For a Copy of every' Order upon a Hearing, and I of every Judgment of Nonfuit	-	J

For an Execution	-

For acknowledging Satisfaftion in Part For acknowledging Satisfaction in full For every Search For fwearing every Witnefs F6r giving Notice to the Plaintiff if required of J the Service of his Execution	-	(

SERJEANT’S FEES.

For the Service of every Summons on Defendant -For the Service of every Summons on a Witnefs -For calling the Plaintiff or Defendant before the 1 Court

For the Service of every Order upon a Hearing, \ and of every Judgment of Nonfuit	-	J

For levying an Execution on Debts not exceed- j ing Fifteen Shillings.	-	J

Above Fifteen Shillingsand not exceeding Twenty J Shillings	-	J

Above Twenty Shillings and not exceeding Forty J Shillings	-	-	J

Above Forty Shillings and not exceeding Sixty 1 Shillings	J

Above Sixty Shillings and not exceeding Eighty J Shillings	-	-	J

Above Eighty Shillings -	-

On Debts

nut

exceeding

Forty

Sailliugs.

On Debts above Foity Shillings.

2 O 2 O

[Lee. id Per.~)

i N

XXI. Provided

9?o

l’lov'.Gont of the former Act to apply to this Act.

Public Act.

pmmrnce-ment of the Act.

48° GEO RG11 III. Cap. 51.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the faid recited Act, and all and every the Powers, Provifoes, Claufes, Matters, and Things therein contained, fhall fo far as the fame are not varied, altered, or repealed, or othervvife provided for by this prefent Ad, be as good, valid and effedual for carrying this Ad into Execution, as if the fame had been repeated, and re-enaded in this Ad.

XXII.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad fhall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Ad, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juflices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

XXIII.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad fhall commence and take Effed from and after the faid Twenty-fourth Day of June One thou-fand eight hundred and eight.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty. 1808.

GEORGII III. REGIS.

******************************************************

Gap. si.

An Ad for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Ads of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Maidjione, to Key Street, in the County of Kent.

[27th May 1808.]

WHEREAS an Aft was paffed in the Ninth Year of the Reign

of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An An for repairing and 9 G. 3. widening the Road from Maidftone, through De'otling, to Key Street, in the Partjhes of Borden and Bobbing, m the County of Kent:

And whereas an Aft was pafled in the Twenty-eighth Year of His faid prelent Majcfty, intituled. An Adi to continue the Term and Powers of an S8G3. c.ij4i Adipajfed in the Ninth Tear of the Reign of His prefent Majejly King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Maidftone, through Debtling, to Key Street, in the Parijhes of Borden and Bobbing, in the County of Kent: And whetras the Truftees appointed in. or by virtue of the faid Afts, have proceeded to put the fame in Execution, for which Purpofe they h.ive borrowed feveral confiderable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted and continued, which Money ftill remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off; nor can the faid Road be effeftuallv amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unlefs the Term granted and continued by the laid Afts is further continued, and fome of the Powers and Provifions thereof altered, amended, and enlarged} [Loc.lfPer. J	11	N	May

970

Said Acts further continued.

Collector of Tolls, &c. not uifquali-f.ed from being Wit-neflfes.

T! remptioni from Toll.

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

May it therefore pleafeYour Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King's mod Excellent Majefly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority1 of the fame, Thac the faid recited Ads, parted refpeftivcly in the Ninth and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of His faid prefent Majefly King George the Tnird, and all, and every the Powers, Authorities, Providon^ Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, Matters, and Things therein rtfpeftively contained (except filch as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties) fhall be and they are hereby further continued for and during the Term hereinafter mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enafted in the Body of this Aft; but fubjeft neverthclefs to the Amendments, Alterations, Variations, and Additions herein contained, and which fhall commence and take Effeft immediately upon the pafling of this Aft; and this Adi, and the additional Term and Tolls hereby granted, fhall be and they are hereby declared to be fubjedt and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls granted or authorized to be taken by the faid recited Adis, and alfo of fuch other Sum and Sums of Money as fhall Or may be borrowed for the Purpofes of the faid Adis and this Adi, and of all Intereft due and to grow due fjr the lame lefpediively.

II.	And be it further enadled. That in cafe any Difpute, Suit, or Litigation (hall arife touching or in anywife relating to the Tolls by the faid Firfl recited Aft authorized to be collefted, the Pcrfon or Perfons appointed to colleft the fame, or any other Perlon or Perfons afting by or under the Authority of the faid Truflees, fhall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any fuch Difpute, Suit, or Lirigation, by realon of his, her, or their being fo appointed to colledt the faid Tolls, or adting under the Authority of the faid Truflees.

III.	And be it further enadled, That from and after the pafling Of this Aft no Toll fhall be demanded or received for any Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Cattle, pafling through any Gate or Turnpike ertfted or to be erefted on the faid Road, drawing any Carriage going for or returning laden or unladen, having been laden only with Stones, Gravel, or other Materials for the repairing the faid Road, or any of the Roads in the Parifhes or Places in which the faid Road or any Part thereof doth lie, or any Dung, Mould, Soil, or Comport of any Kind (Chalk and Lime excepted) for the manuring of any Garden or other Land or Ground therein; nor (hall any Toll be taken, demanded, or received for any Carriage or Cattle going for the Purpofe of or returning from ploughing, lowing, tilling, or cultivating of any Land or Ground therein, c>r going for or returning unladen or only laden with Hay, Straw, Corn in the Straw, or Wood not fold or difpofed of, but to be laid up in the Houfes, Outhoufes, Yards, or on the Ptemifes of the Owner or Owners thereof, or for any Plough, Harrow, or other Implement ofHufbandry; or for any Horfe, or other Bead or Cattle, drawing or carrying the ift.me in order for the repairing thereof, cr uf:ng the lame in Hufbar.dry; or for any Horfe or other Bead cr Cattle going to or returning from Water or Failure, or going to be or returning from being Ihoed or farried ; or for any Horfes, Cattle, or Carriages of whatfover Description, employed or

to

4-8° GEORG 11 HI. Cap. 5,2.	971

to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expreffes, under the Authority of His Majtlly’s Poftmafter General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding the lame, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for the Horles of Soldiers on their March or on Duty, or Carriages, Horfes, or other Bealls employed in Cirrving the Arms or Baggage of fuch Soldiers or for any Horl'e, Mare, or Gelding furnilhed by or for any Perlon belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning lrom the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercife, provided ftielv Pfcrfons are in the Uniform of their reipeGive Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps refptGively at the Time of claiming fuch Exemptions •, or for any Carriage, Horfe, or other Beall employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants travelling with legal Pafles ; nor lhail any Toll be demanded or taken from any Inhabitant of any Parllli through which soy Part of the faid Road doth lie, who (hall pafs through any of the faid Turnpikes to or from his, her, or their refpedive Pari(h Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worlhip tolerated by Lavy, on Sundays or on Chrijimas Day, Good Friday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Auihority co be celebia ed, or who lhail attend the Funeral of any Ptrfon dying and to be buried in any of the faid Parilhes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from vifiting any fick Perfon, or upon other his Parochial or Minilteiial Duty, on a Sunday, or on Cbrijltnas Day, Goad Friday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; nor (ball any Toll be demanded or taken lor or in rcfptd of any Horfe, Cattle, or Bead, carrying any PalTenger, or drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calalh, or Chair, going to or returning from any Elcdion, of a Knight or Knights of the Sh.re to ferve in Parliament for the laid County of Kent, on the Day or Days of fuch Election, cr on the Day before or Day after fuch Elcdion lhail begin or be concluded ; and if any Perfon lhail claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforefaid, not being entitled to the fame, or (hall make ufe of any Fraud whatfoever, whereby the Payment of the 7'olls granted and continued by the laid recited AGs and this AG, or any Part thereof, lhail be evaded, every fuch Perfon lhail for every fuch Olfence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, whereof One Moiety (hall be applied to the Purpoies of the laid AGs and of this AG.

IV.	And be it further enaGed, That all Perfons who by Law are or Statute La-lhail be liable to do Statute Woik, or are or lhail be chargeable towards buur‘ repairing and amending the faid Road, or any Part thereof, lhail Hill temain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore, and it (hall be lawful for any Two or more Jultices of the Peace for the faid County, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the faid Truftees, or by their Treafurer, Clerk, or Surveyor, by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Portion of the Statute Work (hall every Year be done upon the faid Road by the Inhabitants of the refpective Parilhes or Places in which the fame doth lie, and alfo what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch Parilh or Place in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, fli3ll be by him, htr, or them paid to the faid Truftees, or to their Treafurer or Treal'urers;

and

972

48°GEORGII HI. Cap. 52.

and in order thereunto it (hall be lawful for fuch Juftices from Time to Time to fummon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every fuch Parilh or Place, to bring in Lifts before fuch Juftices at fume Place to be exprefied in fuch Summons (within Ten Days alter the ferving of fuch Summons) of the Names of the feveral Perfons who within luch Parilh or Place are by Law fubject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Woik, diftinguilhing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwife, and alfo the Amount of the refpective Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names (hall be made in fuch Manner and under fuch Regulations and Reftrictions as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force or effcdt for the Repairs of the Publick Highways; and out of fuch Lifts the laid Juftices (hall and may allot, appoint, and order fuch and fo many of the Perfons who (hall appear fubject and liable to Statute Work as aforefaid, to do fuch Number of Days Sratute Work in every Year upon the ('aid Road as the faid Juftices (hall think reafonable, and the fame (hall be done at fuch Days and at fuch Times (not being Haytime or Harvell) and in fuch Parts of the faid Road as the faid Truftees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, (hall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the faid Juftices (hall and may alfo order and direct the Perfons who by fuch Lifts (hall appear to be fubject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for Statute Work as aforefaid, to pay fuch Proportion thereof, as the fa;d Juftices (hall think proper, tothefaid Truftees or their Treafurer, at fuch Time or Times as the faid Juftices (ball direift, and in Default of Payment thereof the fame (hall and may be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the refpeftive Perfons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the faid firft recited Adt authorized or directed to be recovered ; and each and every Perfon who (hall negledt or refufe to do fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their ufual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpofe, by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, (hall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horfe or Horles, Beaft or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be fubjedt and liable to luch Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as fuch Perfon or Perfons may be fubjedt or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force or Effcdt for the Repair cf the Publick Highways ; and if any Perfon who (hall come to work as a Labourer, or (hall be lent with any Team or Draught to work on the faid Road, (hall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, luch Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and difmifs the Perfon who (hall be found idle or negligent as aforefaid; and in that Cafe every fuch Perfon (hall be fubject and liable to the refpedtive Forfeitures and Payments as aforefaid, as if he had negledted or refufed to come, or fuch Team or Draught had not been fent to work on any Part of the laid Road, all which Forfeitures (hall be paid to the Treafurer to the faid Truftees, and applied towards amending the faid Road ; and in cafe the faid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways tor any of the faid Parifhes or Places, (hall refufe or wilfully neglect to give in fuch Lifts as aforefaid, or (hall knowingly and wilfully give in falfe and imperfedt Lifts, every luch Surveyor fo offending (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

V. And

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap, 52.

V.	And be it further erased, That if any Money Ihall be paid or agreed or awarded to be paid for the Pjurchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purciiafcd, taken, or ufed by virtue of the Powers of the faid recited Afts or this Act, tor the Purpofes thereof, which [ball belong to any Bojy Politick, Corporate, or Collcgia'c, or to any Feoffee in Truft, Executor, Adminiftrator, Hulband, Guardian, Committee, or ether Trulfee, for and on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Crjiuique Ttuft, or to any Pcrfcn whofe Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are limited in flrict or other Scttlcmenr, or to any Perfon under any other Difabiiity or Incapacity whatfoever, fuch Money fhall in cafe the fame fliall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Piivity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed, to his Account ex parte the Truftces for executing the faid Acts and this Act, to the Intent that furh Money (ball be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the laid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a furn-mary Way by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Purchafe or Redemption of the Lmd Tax, or Difchsrge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrances or Part thereof as the laid Court fhall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Heeditaments (landing fettled therewith, to the fame or the like Ufcs, Interns, or Purpofes; or where fuch Money ihall not be fo applied, then the fame fhall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the faid Court in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Heieditaments, which fhall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trufts, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which Ihall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid, flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement (hall be exifting unde ermined and capable of taking Effcft; and in the mean Time, and until fuch Purchafe fhall be made, the faid M .ney fhall, by Order of the faid Court upon Application thereto, be inveflcd by the faid Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum ConLlidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the faid Bank Annuities (hall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofe aforefaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the faid Conlolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities fhall from Time to Time be paid by prder of the faid Court to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Tenements and Hereditaments to be purchafed, by virtue of the laid recited Afts and this Aft, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons, under any Difabiiity or Incapacity aforefaid, (hail be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and Ihall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall, (at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Piofits of the

[Z.W, £9* Prr.J	11 0	Lands,

973

Application of Coin Dentation

when amount*

ing to acoi.

Application of Compenfatiam xvhen uniter aoo!.

9 74

48° GEORGII III. Cap. $*.

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpedtive Hands), be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before direfted, or otherwife the fame lhall be paid at the like Option to Two Trufteer, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Five of the Traffics for executing the faid recited Afts and this Aft (luch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that fuch Principal Money, and the Dividends arifing thereon, may be applied in any Manner hereinbefore directed, fo far as the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direftion or Approbation of the Court of Chanccrv,

Application of Cumpenlation Money where the lame is under sol.

VII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That where fuch Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned fhall be Jefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the lame fhall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tene. ments, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes of the faid recited Afts and this Aft, in fuch Manner as the laid Truftees fhall think fit; or in cafe of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then fuch Money fhall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refptftivcly.

m cafe of not VIII. And be it further enafted, That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons Title*8 °Ut t0 whom any Sum or Sums of Money (hall be awarded for the Pur-chafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed by virtue of the faid recited Afts and this Aft, lhall refufe to accept the fame, or final] not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes, to the Satisfaction of the laid Truftees, or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money fhall be fo awarded as aforefaid cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to luch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or difeovered, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to ar.d for the faid Truftees, to order the faid Sum or Sums rf Money fo awarded as aforefaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credic of the Parties interefted in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [de-feribing them~\ fubjeft to the Order, Controul, and Difpofition of the faid Court of Cbancety, which faid Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Perfon or Perlbns making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, fhall be and is hereby empowered in afummary Way of Proceeding, or otherwife, as to the faid Court fhall feem meer, to order the fame to be laid otic and invdted in the Publick Funds, and to order Diftribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpeftiveEftateor Eftates, Title or Inteieft of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto; and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court fhall feem juft and reafonable j and the Cafhier

975

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. $2.

Or Cathiers of the Bank of England, who fhall receive foch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and I'pecifying for what and for whofc Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Ptrlon or Perfons as (hall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That where any Where an? Queftion fhall arife touching the Title of any Perfon, to any Money to

be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Title to “

the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of this

or the faid Ads for the Purchafc of any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- fom who (hail

ments, or of any Eftate, Right or Intereft, in any Lands, Tenements, or £'1jn0f°t^'f'

Hereditaments, to be purchafed in purfuance of the faid recited Ads and Land-, &c. at

this Ad, or to any Bank Annuities, to be purchafed with any fuch Money,	°e

or the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or fhaij chi*e

Perfons who fhall have been in Poffeflion of fuch Lands, Tenements, or d«med

Hereditaments, at the Time of fuch Purchafc, and all Perfons claiming

under fuch Perfon or Petfons, or under the Poffeflion of fuch Perfon or according to

Perfons, fhall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch J.1^1

Lands, Tenements, orHereditaments, according to fuch Poffeflion, until &c.’

the contrary fhall be lhewn to the Satisfadion of the faid Court of

Chancery, and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be

purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities,

fhall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it fhall be made

appear to the faid Court that fuch Poffeflion was a wrongful Poffeflion, and

that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intereft

therein.

X.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That where by reafon Court of of any Difabilicy < r Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation may"order entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed rrafonable under the Authority of the faid recited Acts and this Aft, the Purchafe p^chakt0^ Money for the fame fhall be required to be paid into the Court of Chan- be paid by eery, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or th«Tiuitees. Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes in purfuance of the laid

recited Afts and this Aft, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchafes from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of the faid Afts and this Aft, or lo much of fuch Expences as the (aid Court fhall deem reafonable to be paid by the faid Truftees, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the faid Afts and this Act, who (hall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpoles as the faid Court (hail direct.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That all the Cofts, Charges, and Ex- For paying penccs incident to and attending the obtaining anti pafling of tnts Aft, fhall sPAcfei be paid and difeharged out of any Money already collefted or received

by virtue of the faid recited Afts, or out of the firft Monies to arife by virtue of the faid recited Afts and this Aft, in preference to all other Payments whatfoever.

XII. And

976

Fnblick Act.

Continuance of Act.

48* GEORGII III. Cap. $2.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft (hall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Aft, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuel) by all'Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

XIII.	And be it further enafted. That this Aft (hall commence from the paffing thereof, and (hall continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Refidue now to come and unexpired of the Term granted by the faid recited Afts •, and from and immediately after the Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next StHion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by Georoe Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s mod Excellent Majelty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

♦a*****#*****#*#*#***#***** ************* * * •* •****♦#**

Cap. 53.

An A£t for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Three Ads of His late and prefent Majefly, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Kingflon-upon-Hull to and through the Town of Anlaby, and from thence to the Town of Kirk Ella, in the County of. the faid Town of KingJlon-upon-Hull.	[27th May	1808.J

WHEREAS an Aft W3s pafled in the Eighteenth Year of the Ig G 2 c Reign of His late Majefty King George the Second, intituled, *' c'*’ An Aft for repairing the Road leadingfrom the Town c/’Kingfton-upon-Hull to and through the Town e/Anlaby, and from thence to the Town Kirk Ella, in the Ccunty of the faid Town of Kingfton-upon-Hull : And whereas an Aft was paired in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Aft for enlarging the Ttrm and Powers granted 7 G.j, c. 70. by an Aft faffed in the Eighteenth Tear of His late Majejly, for repairing the Road from the Town of Kingfton-upon-Hull, to and through the Town of Anlaby, and from thence to the Town e/’Kirk Ella, in the County of the faid Town 0/Kingilon-upon-Hull: AndwhereasanAftwas pafled in the Twenty- G 3 c S5 eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majrftv, intituled, An Aft for continuing the Term and Powers of Two Afts paged in the Eighteenth T’.ar of tie Reign of His late Majejly King George the Second, and the Seventh Tear of the Reign of His prefent Majejly for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Kingfton-upon-Hull, to and through the Town of Anlaby, and from thence to the Town r/Kiik Ella, in the County of the faid Town of Kingfton-upon-Hull: And whereas the Trullecs appointed in and by virtue of the laid Afts have borrowed on the Credit thereof a very con-fiderableSum of Money, which, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied in the Repair of the faid Road : And whereas the Money borrowed as atorclaid is (till remaining due and unpaid, and cannot be repaid, and the faid Road cffeftually amended and kept in Repair, unlefs the Term? of the faid Afts be furrhtr continued, and the Powers thereof further enlarged; may it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be cnafted; and he it enafted by the King’s tnoft Excellent Majefty, by and with the [Loc. Per.]	11P	Advice

978

Act further continued.

Truftees under former Acts to act under thi*.

Truftees may

fue and be fued in the Name of their Treaftirers or Clerk.

General^

IxemptTont.

48* GEORGII III. Cap. $1.

Adv.ce and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, andCommons, in this prefenc Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the Lid recited Ads of the Eighteenth year of His laid late Majefty and the Seventh and Twenty-eighth Years of His prefent Majefty, and the Tolls and Duties thereby refpedively granted, and all and every the Ciaufes, Powers, Authorities, Provifions,Articles, Rules, Penalties, Orders, andDiredions, therein contained (excepc fuch as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties) (hall be and are hereby continued for and during the Term herein-aftcr mentioned, in as full and ample Manner as if the fame were repeated and re-ena£led in the Body of this Ad ; and that the additional Term hereby granted (hall be and is hereby declared fubjed and liable to the Payment of all Monies due, or that fhall hereafter become due on the Credit of the faid former Ads and this Ad, and of all Jntereft due and to grow due thereon.

II.	And be it further enaded. That the Truftees appointed or to be appointed in or by virtue of the faid recited Ads fhall be and are hereby appointed Truftees for putting the faid Ads and this Ad in Execution.

III.	And be it further enaded, That all Adions, Suits, Profecutions, Informations, Appeals, and other Proceedings whatfoever to be had, taken, profecuted, or defended by or againft the faid Truftees, (hall be had, taken, profecuted, or defended in the Name of their Treafurers or Clerk ; and dm no Adion, Suit, Proceeding, Information, Appeal or ether Proceeeding to be had, taken, profecuted, or defended by oragainlt the faid Truftees or any of them, by virtue of this or the faid recited Ads or any of them, (hall abate or be difeontinued bythe Death or Removal of any fuch Trealurcrs or Clerk •, but that the Treafurers or Clerk for the Time being to the laid Truftees fr.all always be deemed the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Profccutor or Profecutors, Informant or Informants, Appellant or Appellants, Defendant or Defendants, Refpondcnt or Refpondents in any fuch Adion, Suit, Piofecution, Information,Appeal, orother Proceeding, as the Cafe (hall be : Provided always, that ail and every fuch Treafurers, or Clerk in whefe Names or Name any luch Adion, Suit, Profecution, Information, Appeal, or other Proceeding fhall be had, taken, proltcuted, or defended in purfuance of this Ad, (hall be fully reimburfed and paid, out of the Monies ariGng by viitueofthis or the laid recited Ads, all fuch Cufts, Charges, Damages, and Expences as by the Event or in confequcnce of any fuch Adion,Suit, Profecution, Information, Appeal, orother Proceedings, he or they (hall pay, bear, fuftain, expend or be put unto, or become chargeable with or liable for or be faiily entitled to by rcafon of his or their being fo made Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, Informant or Informants, Appellant or Appellants, Respondent or Refpondents as aforefaid.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That from and after the palling of this Ad, all the Exemptions granted and continued by the faid recited Ads (hall cea(e and determine, and that no Toll (hall be demanded or taken for any Waggons, VVajns, Carts, Carriages, or Horles, employed in carrjing or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carry .ng or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the fame Day any Stones, Bricks,'Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the laid Road, or any of the Roads in the Townfhips or Parilhes in which any Part of fuch Road doth lie;

*	or

979

48° GEORGII III. Cap. si.

or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not fold or difpofird of, but patTing to be laid up or placed in the Garths, Outhoufes, or on t^e Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Hoi fes, employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or ionvey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Hufbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Rape, Duff, Soor, Comport, or Manure employed in Hufbandry, for manuring or improving Lands, or for any otberThing employed in theManagementorOccupation of any Farm or Lands and hereby exempted from Toll; or for any Horfes or Cattle going to or returning tromPafture or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being fhoed or farried; or from any Perfon going to or returning from his proper Parochial Church, Chapel, orother Place of religious Wor-fliip, tolerated by Law on* Sunday, oronany other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Petfon that (hall die and be buried in any of the Parilhes in which the laid Road lies, or from any Clergyman going to or returning from vifiting any fick Perfon, or upon other his Parochial or Minifterial Duty, on a Sunday, cr on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated ; or for any Horfes, Cattle, or Carriages cf whatfoever Dtfcription, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails or Letters and Exprefles under the Authority of His Majefty’s Port Mafter General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding fuch Mails or Exprefles, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horfes, Carts, or Waggons attending any Soldiers upon their Match, or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them laden with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Hoife, Mare, or Gelding furnilhed by or for any Perfons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry, or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place of Exercife, provided fuch Perfons are in the Uniform of their refpettive Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Acquirements, according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps refpectiveiy, at the Time of claiming fuch Exempiion as aforefaid} or for any Hotfcs, Carts, or Waggons t mployed in the Conveyance of Vagrants fent by legal PafTes; or for any Horle, Cattle, or Beaft drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calafh, Chair, cr Paflenger on Horfeback going to or returning from any Eleftion of a Knight or Knights of the Shite to ferve in Parliament for the faid County ot York, or of a Burgefs or Rurgdfes to ferve in Parliament for the Town of Kingfton-upcn-Hull, on the Day or Days of fuch Election,or on theDay before or Day afier fuch Eltftion fhailbeginor be con. eluded ; and if any Perfon or Perfons (hall in any fraudulent or eollufrve Manner whatfteverclaim and take the Benefit of anyofi the Exmptions afore-faid, not being entitled to the fame, every fuch Pei Ton fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum n< t exceeding Five Pounds, One Moiety whereof fhall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety fhall be applied to the Purpofcs of the faid A£t$ and this Adt.

V.	And be it further enaSed, Thar all Perfons who by Law are or fhall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or fhall he chargeable towards repairing or amending the Road comprized in the faid Atts or any Part thereof, (hall ftill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore •, and it (hall be lawful for any Two or mote jurtices of the Peace for the laid Town and County, and they are hereby required and empow-cred, upon Application made to them by the faid Trullces, or any Five or

Statute

Labour.

inoie

980

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap.$3.

more of them, or by theif Treafurers, Clerk, Surveyor, or by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work fhall every Year be done upon the faid Road by the Inhabitants of the refpedtive Parifhes or Places in which the faid Road lies, and alfo what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch Parilh or Place in lieu of or as a Compofuion for fuch Statute Work as aforefa-id, (hall be by him, her, or them paid to the faid Truftees, or to their Treafurer or Treafurers; and in order thereunto, it fhall be lawful for fuch Juftices from Time to Time to lummon rhe Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch Parifh or Place, to bring in Lifts before fuch Juftices, at fome Place to be expreffed in fuch Summons, (within Ten Days after the ferring of fuch Summons) of the Names of the feveral Perfons who within fuch Parilh or Place are by Law fubjedt and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofuion for fuch Statute Work, diftinguifhing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otnerwife, and alfo the Amount of the refpedtive Sums to be paid ; which Lifts of Names (hall be made in fuch Manner, and under fuch Regulations and Reftridtions as are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effedt for che Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of fuch Lifts the laid Juftices (hall and may allot, appoint, and order fuch and fo many of the Perlons who (hall appear fubjedt and liable to Statute Work as aforefaid, to do fuch Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the faid Road, as the faid Juftices fhall think reafonable; and the fame (hall be done on fuch Days and at fuch Times (not being Hay-time or Harveft), and in fuch Parts of the faid Road as the faid Truftees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors fhall from Time to Time order, diredt, and appoint; and the faid Juftices fhall and may alfo order and diredt the Perfons who by fuch Lifts (hall appear to be fubjedt and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofuion for Statute Work as aforefaid, to pay fuch Proportion thereof as the faid Juftices fhall think proper to the faid T rufteesor theirTreafurer or Treafurers, at fuch Time or Times as the faid Juftices ihall diredt ; and in Default of Payment thereof, the fame fhall and mav be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the refpedtive Perfons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the faid Adts authorized or diredted to be recovered ; and each and every Perfon who fhall negledt or reful'e to do fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, aiterNotice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their bit orufual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpofe, by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, (hall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horfe or Iloifcs, Beaft or Beafts to be provided by him, her, or them, be fubjedt and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as fuch Perfon or Perfons may be lubjedt and liable to by any Law or Statute in force or effedt for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Perfon who (hall come to work as a Labourer, or (hall befent with any Team or Draught to work on the faid Roads, (hall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, fuch Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and difinifs the Perfon who (hall be found ide or negligent as aforefaid; and in that Cafe every fuch Perfon (hall be fubjedt and liable to the refpedtive Forfeitures and Payments as aforefaid, as if he had negltcted or refufed to conic, or fuch Team or Draught had not been lent to work on any Part of the faid

Road;

48° GEO R G11 III. Cap*$$.	981

Roid ; all which Forfeitures (hall be paid to the Trestorer or Treafurers to the la d Trilltee^ and applied towar(Lamendingthef.iid Ro id ; andincafcthe f id Surveyor or Surveyor*' of the Highways for any of the faid Parilhes or Place', fhal I rtfule or wilf ully neglecl to give in Lch Lfts as aforciaid, or fhall knowingly and wilfully give in falfe and irnperledt Lifts, every luch Surveyor lo offending fhnllfor every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Money (hall be paidoragreed Application or awarded to be paid for the Purchafe of any Land', Tenements, or °ion when"e*-Hercditanients, purchafed, taken, or ufed by virtue of the Powers of the ce«! icol. faid Ads and this Ad, for the Lurpofcs thereof, which fhall belong to any B dy Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Truft,

Executor, Adminiftrator. Hufbancl, Guardian, Committee, or other Truftee for and on Behalf of any Infanr, Lunaiick, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Ccltuique Tiuft, or to any Pcrlons whole Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in ftrid or other Settlement, or to any Per-fon under any Dilability or Incapacity whatfoever, luch Money fhall, in cate the fame lhall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General cf the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, ex parte the i'ruftees for executing the faid Ads and tltis Ad, to the Intent that fuch Money (hall be applied, under the Diredion and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition, tj be preferred in a fummary Way by the Perfon or Pcrlons who would have been entitled to. ihe Rents and Profits of the faid Linds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe 01 Redemption of the Land Tax, or Dil-charge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrances, or Pari thereof, as the faid Court (ball authorize to be paid, alfeding the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affeding other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments handing fettled therewith, to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents or Purpofes; or where fuch Money (hall not be fo applied, then the fame fhall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the faid Cour, in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which fhall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ulcs, Trulls, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which fhall be fo purchafed, taken, or uled as aforciaid, flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the 1 ime of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement fhall be exifting, undetermined, and capable of taking Llte£t j and in the mean Time, and until fuch Purchafe fhall be made, the faid Money fhall, by Order of the faid Court, upon Application thereto be inverted by the faid Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated, or 1 hree Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in toe mean Time, and until the Lid Bank Annuities fhall be ordered by the laid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities fhall, from Time to Time, be paid, by Order of the laid Court, to the Perlon or Perfons who would toi the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and P'ofits of the faid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be purchafed by virtue of the faid recited Acts and this Act, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

[Loe. & Per.]

i, Q-R

VII. Pro-

9^2	48*	GE0RG1I	III.	Cap.	53.

^Po>mpc"fa	^rov'(-'ec^	a'ways,	and	be	it	further ena&ed, That if any Money,

tionif'cfs Co agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Here-vUe’^e'h c^t2mcnts purchafd, t.iken, or uled for the Purpofcs afire laid, and jol. tCt,mS belonging io any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Periods under any Inability or Incapacity as aforefaid, fliall be Ids than the Sum of Two bundled Pounds, and (hall ex.eed or be equal ro the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in ail luch Calcs the fame (hall, at the Option of the Pcr-fon or Pcrfcns, tor the Time being, entitled t > the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament* Io purchafed, taken,or ufed.or of his, her, or rheir Guardian cr Guardians, Committee or Committees, in caie of Infancy, I liotcy, or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in i he Name and with the Privity of the Lid Accountant General of tile Hioh Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner heiein-Dcfoie direfted; or otherwife the fame lhall be paid, at the like Option, to Two TruRees, to be nominated by thcPerfon or Petfor.s making fuch Option, and approved of by Five or the TruRees for executing the faid recited Afls and this Ad, (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating arid approving Parties), in O der that fuch Principal M ney, and the Dividends arifing thereon, may be applied in Manner htrein-befoie dirt&ed, fo f.,r as the Cafe maybe applicable, without obtaining, or being r.quiied to obtain, the Diiedtion and Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Aoplicjii'Vin VIII. Provided alfo, and be it enafted. That where fuch Money, lo Son °Tnf$nCl agretcl or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, (had be lefs than than 101.	Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Ca'es, the lame fhall be applied to

the Ufe of (he Perfon or Peifons w ho would lor the 1 ime being, have been entitled to the Rents and Piofits ol the L.u ds. Tenement , or lie ednam rrs fo puichafed, taken, or uLd tor the Purpofcs or the faid leciicd Adts and this Ad, in luch Manner as the laid TrilLes (hall think.fit; or in caie of Infancy, Idiorcv, or Lunacy, then fuch Money (hill be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of luch Petfon or Pcrfuns fo entitled reipcdively.

In csfe of not IX. And be it further enafled. That in c .fe the Perfon or Perfons Tine"^ °Ut to	apy	Sum or Sums of Money (bail be awarded for the Pur-

chafe of any Lancs, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purch.fed by virtue of the la d recited Ads and tins Ad, (hall retufe to accepc the fame, or fha*l not be able to make a good Title to the Piemiles; to the Satisiadion of the fad TruRees, or any Five or more c-f them; or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons to whom luch Sunt or Sums ot Money (hall be fo awarded as afo efaid cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or difeoverrd, then and in every fuch Cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the laid 1 ruflees, or any Five or more ot them, to ordtr the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded as aforefaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Piivity of the Accountant General of the Court ot Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Ciedit of the Parties interclted in the laid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, ’[dejmbing than] fubjrd to the Order, Controul, and Difpofuion of the laid Court or Chancery; which laid Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Pcrlon or Pet Ions making Claim to. fuch Sum or Sums ot Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition,

9^3

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 53.

tition, fhall be, and is hereby empowered, in a fumtnary Way of Proceeding, or ocherwtfe, as to the lame Court lhall leem meet, to order the fame to be iaid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Diftribucion thereof, or Payment of the Dividends i let of, according to the refpeftive Eftate or Eltates, Title or Interell of the Perfon or Perrons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuel) other Order in the Premifcs as to the faid Court (hall feem jult and renfonable; and the Cafhier or Calhiers of the Bank of England who fhall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipis for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and Ipecirying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Pcrlon or Perfons as fhall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefuid.

X.	Provided always, and be it funher enadted. That where any Where any Queftion fhall anfe touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money

to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the ritic, the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfu- J’e[fonIn

c , • » ft r 11,	,	r	I ,	...	1	,, .. fellicn lhall b*

ance of this Act, for the Purdvie or any Laods, 1 encmcnts, or Heredi- deemed en-

taments, or of any Eftate, Right or Intcreft in any Lands, Tenements, or kfe*Mo

Hereditaments, to be purchalcd in purluance of the faid recked Afts and

this A<ft, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money,

or the Dividends or Intcreft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or

Perfons who fhall have been in the Poffeffion of fuch Lands, Tenements,

or Hereditaments at the Time of l’uch Purchale, and all Pcrtons claiming

under fuch Peifon or Perlons, or under the Poffeffion of luch Perfon or

Perfons, fhall be deemed and uken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch Poffeffion,

until the contrary fhall be ffiewn to the Satisfaction of the faid Court of

Chancery; ?nd the Dividends or Intcreft of the Bank Annuities to be

purchafed with luch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities,

lhall be paid, applied and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it fhall be made

appear to the faid Court that fuch Poffeffion was a wrongful Poffeffion,

and that fome ocher Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to

fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate and Intereft

therein.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That where, by reafon ThcCo„rt f of any Difabilicy or Incapacity of the Perfon or Peifons, or Corporation Chaacerymay entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments ;o be purchafed under °rderr«f na-the Authority of the faid recited Acts and this Act, the Purchafe Money on-uvehafe*8 for the fame fhall be required to be paid into the Court of Chance y, tube paid, and to be applied in the Purcha e of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like L'fes in purfuance of the faid recited

Afts and this Act, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Lid Court of Chancery to order the Expenccs of all Purchales IromTime to Time to be made in purluance of the faid Afts, and this Aft, or fo much of fuch Expences as the laid Court fhall deem reafonablr, to be paid by the laid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the laid Acts and this Aft, who fhall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the laid Court lhall direft.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon fhall ride upon

any Footpath formed on the Side of or adjoining to the laid Hoad or mming root fhall drive any Hurt, Beaft, or Swine, or any Carriage upon, or caule wa7*j*c.

4	any

984.



For paying the Expences of this Act.

Publick Act.

Commence, ment anj Continuance of Act.

,	48* GEORGII III. Cap.53.

any Damage to be done to any fuch Footpath; or if any Perfon fhafl caufe to be haled or drawn upon any Part of the faid Rosd any Timber, S one, or other Thing, otherwile chan upon wheeled Carriages! or (hall iuffer any Timber, Stone, or other Thing, which (hah be carried upon wheeled Carriages, to drag upon the laid Road to the Prejudice thereof ; or if any Ferfon driving any Figs or Swine upon the faid Road, (hall fuffer the fame to root up and damage the fame, or the Fences on cither Side thereof-, or it any Ferfon driving any Carriage upon the faid Road, and meeting another Carriage, (hall not keep his or her Carriage on his or her left or near Side of the laid Road ; < r if any Perfon fhall in any manner wiltuliy present ,ny other Ferfon or Pnfons from pafling him or her, or any Carnage under his or her Care upon the laid Road ; or if any Ferfon (hall make or uffift in making any Fire or Foes, commonly called Bonfires, or (hall ler fire ro, let off, or threw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent, or Firework whatfoever on any Fart of the faid Road, or on the Banks or Lands adjacent or lying open thereto ; or if any Perfon (hall wi'houc lufficient Caufe leave any Carriage upon or on the Side of the faid Road longer than may be necdTary to load or unload the lame, either witn or without any Hoife or Bead of Draught harnefl'ed or yoked thereto ; or (hall I iy any Timber, Stones, H y. Straw', Dung, Manure, Soil, Kub-bi(h, or 01 her Matter or Thing whatf ever, upon the laid Road, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or to the Annoyance ofPeifons travelling thtreon, every Perfon fo offending (hall for every (uch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied, recovered, paid, and applied in the Manner dircdled by the faid recited Ails or fome or one of them.

XIII.	And be it further enadted, That all the Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and palling cf this Adr, (hall be defrayed out of the Monies already received, or theFi.ft Monies which fhall arife or be received bv virtue of the faid Adis or of this Adi, in preference to all other Payments whatfoever ; and that afeer Payment thereof the Tolls authorized to be colic died by the faid recited Adis and this Adi fhall during the Continuance of the Term hereby granted be and remain fubjedt and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing, and which (hall or may hereafter be borrowed and become due on the Credit of the faid Tolls, and of all Intereft due and to grow due reflectively.

XIV.	And be it further cnadled. That this Adi (hall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Adi, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, juftices, and ethers, without being fpccially pleaded.

XV.	And be it further cnadled, That this Adt fhall commence upon the p fling thereof, and fhall continue and be in force and be executed for andduring the Kcfidue now tocome anduntxpired of the Term granted and continued by the faid Adis, and from the Expiration thereof for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Stilion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s molt ExcelUnt Majefly. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORG II III. REGIS.

Cap. 54.

An Adi to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an Act, for repairing the Road from Kinrofs in the County of Kinrofs, to Alloa in the County of Clackmannan.	[_27th	May^	1	8°8.

WHEREAS an Aft was pafled in the Tnirty-fevcnth Year of g. 3. the Reign of His prefenc Majefty, intituled "An Aft for q. 171.

" making and repairing the Road from Kinrofs in the County " of Kinrofs, to Alloa in the County of ClackmannanAnd whereas, the Truftees appointed by the faid Aft have made great Progrefs in making and repairing the faid Road, and for that Purpofe have borrowed con-fiderable Sums of Money on their own perfonal Security, and on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted ; but the faid Road cannot be efFec-ti'ally amended and kept in Repair, nor the Money fo borrowed repaid, unlefs the Term of the faid Aft be enlarged, the Tolls increafed, and further and other Powers granted : May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be it tnafted by the King’s mofl Excel-	»

lent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and 1 emporal, and Commons, in this prefenc Parliament affcmbled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid recited Aft, and all the Former Aft Claufts, Powers, Authorities, Provifions, Exemptions, Penalties, For- continued tenures, Matters and Things, therein contained, (except fuch Parts thereof as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed,) fhall be, and remain in full Force and Effect; and together with this prelent Aft, (hall be put in Execution for the leveral Purpofes thereby and hereby intended, for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effeftually in all Refpefts, and to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, as if the ian e were cxprcfsly repeated and rc-cnafted in the Body of this prefenc Aft; which faid Term hereby granted fhall be, and is hereby declared to be, fubjeft and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and ’ owing on the Credit of the faid recited Aft, or which fhall or may [Lee. (A Per.]	11	S	hereafter

99°	4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

hereafter be borrowed or become due on the Credit of the faid recited Aft, and of this Aft, and all lntereft due and to become due for the

fame refpeftively.

Powers may JJ. And be it further enafted, That the Powers and Authorities given

by Three'0 t0 t^ie faidTruftees by the laid recited Aft and this Aft, (hall and Truftees. may be exerciled by any Three or more of them} any Thing in the faid Aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

I'Drmer Tolls III. And be it further enafted,That the feveral Tolls granted and made new^Toli^ payable in and by the faid recited Aft, (hall from and after the Corn-granted. S mencement of this Aft ccafe and be difcontinued ; and in lieu and inftead thereof, the feveral Tolls herein-after mentioned fliall, during the Continuance of this Aft, be collected and taken by fuch Perlon or Perlons as the faid Truftees fliall from Time to Time appoint to receive the fame at the feveral and refpeftive Toll Gates and Turnpikes already fet up and erefted, or which may hereafter be fet up and crefted, upon the faid Roads, or acrols any Lanes or Ways leading into the lame, before any Cattle or Carriage lhall be permitted to pafs through the fame, (that is to fay :)

For every Coach, Berlin, Chaiiot, Landau, Chaife, Calafh, Hearfe, or any other four whetted Carriage, drawn bv Six or more Horfes, Mares, Geldings or Mules, the Sum of Six Shillings and Sixpence Sterling : and drawn by Four Horfes, Marcs, Geldings, or Mules the Sum of Four Shillings Sterling :	and	drawn by

Three Horfes, Mares, Geldings, or Mules the Surn of Three Shillings Sterling: and drawn by Two Horfes, Mares, Geldings, or Mules the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence Sterling : and drawn by one Horfe, Mare, Gelding, or Mule the Sum of One Shilling ard Three Pence Sterling.

For every Chaife, Cunicle, Chair, or other fuch like Carriage, drawn by Two Horfes, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence Sterling : and drawn by one Horfe, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of One Shilling Sterling.

For every Taxed Cart drawn by one Horfe, the Sum of Ninepence Sterling.

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other fuch like Carriage drawn by Six or more Horfes, or other Beafis ot Di aught the Sum of Six Shillings Sterling : and drawn by Five Horles or other Beafts of Draught the Sum of Five Shillings Sterling : and drawn by Four Horles or other Beafis of Draught, the Sum of Four Shillings Sterling : and drawn by T hree Horfes or other Beafts of Draught the Sum of Three Shillings Sterling.

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other fuch like Carriage, drawn byoneHorle or other Beaft of Draught, where any fuch Carriage, and the Loading thereof, taken together, fliall not exceed tnteen Hundred Weight, the Sum of Four-pence Sterling: and drawn by T wo Horles or other Beafts ot Draughc the Sum of Sixpence Sterling : and where fuch Carnage and Loading fliall exceed fifteen Hundred Weight, and fliall not exceed Twenty Hundred Weighc, the Sum of four-pence Halfpenny Sterling: and drawn by Two Horles or other Beafts of Draught the Sum of Sixpence Halfpenny Sterling ;

and

99i

4B0 GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

and where fuch Carriage and Loading fhall exceed Twenty Hundred Weight, and (hall not exceed Twenty-five Hundred Weight, the Sum of Five-pence Sterling:	and	drawn by Two Horfes or

other Beads of Draught, the Sum of Seven-pence Sterling : and. where fuch Carriage and Loading fhall exceed Twenty-five Hundred Weight, and fhall noc exceed Thirty Hundred Weight, the Sum of Five-pence Halfpenny Sterling: and drawn by Two Horfes or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of Sevenpence Halfpenny Sterling : and where fuch Carriage and Loading fhall amount to Thirty-one Hundred Weight, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling : and drawn by Two Horfes or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of Eight-pence Sterling : and for every one Hundred Weight, which fuch Carriage and Loading fhall weigh above Thirty-one Hundred Weight, the Sum of One Benny Sterling.

For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, laden or unladen and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence Sterling.

For every Drove of Oxen or neat Cattle the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence Sterling, per Score, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs Number.

And for every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, Lambs, or Goats, the Sum of Ten pence Sterling per Score ; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs Number.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enadted. That no Carts, Waggons, or other Carriages, employed in Hufbandry only, or in carrying Manure for Land, Hay, Straw, Fodder, or Corn in the Straw, fhali be liable to pay the faid additional Toll or Tolls, for Overweight; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwichftanding: Provided alfo, That no Cart or other Carriage, carrying Dung or other Manure for Land or Gardens, which fhall have paid Toll for paffing through any Gate or Turnpike to be ere&ed by virtue of this Ad, fhall be fubjed agiin to pay Toll at fuch Gate or Turnpike rhe fame Day, before Twelve of the Clock at Night, however often fuch Carriage may pafs through the faid Gate the fame Days provided fuch Cart or Carriage, fo pa.Trng or returning, fhall not be otherways laden than with Dung or Manure.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or fuch like Carriage as aforefaid, having the Fellies of the Wheels therrof of the Breadth of Six Inches or upwards, and being cylindrical, that is to fay, of the fame Diameter on the Infide next to the Carriage, and on the Outfide, and in every intermediate Part, between the Infide and Outfide, fo that when rolling on a flat Surface the whole Breadth of fuch Fellies fhall bear equally on fuch fiat Surface that the oppofite Ends of the Axle-trees of fuch Carriages, as far as the fame fhall be inferted into'the Naves of the Wheels, fhall not form an Angle with each other, but fhall be in the Continuance of one ftraight Line, fo that in each Pair of Wheels belonging to fuch Carriages the lower Parts, which fhall reft on the Ground, fhall be at the fame Dif-tance from each other, as the upper Part of the faid Pair of Wheels, dhall be chargeable with only Two Third Parts of the Toll hereinbefore granted upon Waggons, Wains, or other fuch like Cariiages : Provided alio, tnat every Pcrfon claiming the Privilege hereby granted

to

Carriages loaded with Manure, &c. not to pay for Oeer-weight.

Carriages rolling a flat Surfaceio pay Tolls.

992

No Composition lor C'artiage. unlels l'cl-liei of a certain Breadth.

for erefling

Weighing

Machines.

For erefling Turnpikes on the Roads.

Regulation ns to Perfons travelling between Kin-rofs and tne weftern Ex-treiniiy of the Road.

Truftees may make Fences on unenclcled Orounls to prevent Eva-■lion of To!!..

•	48*	GEORG1I III. Cap. 54.'

to broad Wheeled Carriages fhall permit the fame to be examined and meafured by any Perfon concerned in the Colledtion of the faid

Tolls.

v I. Provided neverthclefs and be it further enadled, That no Compo-fuion fhall be made for l olls for or in relped of any Waggon, Carr, or fuch like Carriage, or of any Horfes or other Beads drawing the fame, where luch Carriage or Carriages fhall, with its Loading, exceed Thirty-one Hundred Weight, unlelsiuch Carriage or Carriages have the Fchies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge herein- before fpecified, and un-lels the Nails in luch Fellies are.councerlunk fo as not to rile cut of the Surface.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful to and for the faid Trudees, at a general Meeting affembled, to ercd or caufe to -be ereded on luch Paris of the faid Road as they fhall think proper, or on the Sides of the fame. Weighing Machines, at which all Perfons travelling with Carts, or Carriages of the above Description, fhall be obliged, w hen required by the Toll-gatherer, or by any Truftee, to weigh every fuih .Carriage when palling or intending to pafs any Turnpike Gate eredtd acrois or on the Sides of the laid Road, upon pain of forfeiting any Sum not txceeiling Forty Shillings Sterling.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Truftees fhall have Power and Authority to erect, or caufe to be creded, fo many Turnpike or Turnpikes, Toll Gate or Toll Gates, in, upon, acrofs, or on the Side or Sides of any Part of the laid Road, or of any Lane or Wray leading into the fame, and (hail and may eredt or provide a Toll-houfe, with a luicable Garden, at or near each Turnpike or Toll-Gate; and may caufe all or any of luch Turnpikes, Toll-Gates, Toll-houfes, and Gardens, from Time to Time, to betaken down, removed, and fee up again, or altered, as they or any Three or more of them, lhail think proper; and to demand and take thereat the leveral Tolls and Duties by this Aci authorized to be levied and taken.

IX.	Provided always, That Perfons travelling on the faid Road, betwixt the Town of Kinrojs and the weftern Extremity of the laid Road, ihall not be chargeable with, or liable to pay, at more than Four Toll-Gates the fame Day, whatever Number of Turnpikes, or Side Gates, the laid Truftees may find it neceflary to eredt on the laid Line of Road.

X.	And whereas Part of the laid Road leads over open and uninclo-fed Grounds, by rcaton of which the Tolls granted by this Adt may be eafily avoided, be it therefore further enacted, That the faid Truftees may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, if they fee Occafion, to make or caule to be made Ditches, Walls, and Fences, by the Sides of the laid Road, or over, upon, or acrofs the faid open or unincioled Grounds, in luch Manner and Diredtion as they fhall find neccllary, fo that, the Payment of the faid rolls may not be avoided ; and if any Perfon or Perfons Ihall pull down or otherways damage or dilplace or .carry away any luch Fcn.e, or any Part thereof, or Ihall till up or fpoif any fuch Ditch, every fuch Perfon fhall, for every fuch Offence, foifeit

993

48° GEORGII HI. Cap. 54.

and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and whatever Ditches may be made on the Sides of the faid Road fhall thereafter be cleared and cleanled by the refpeftive Proprietors through whofe Ground the fame fhall be fo made, in Manner provided by the faid recited Aft and this Aft-

XI.	And be it enafted, That the Exemptions granted by the faid recited Aft (hall be and the fame are hereby repealed, and that no Toll (hall be demanded for or in refpeft of Carriages, Horfes, or Cattle, employed in carrying Materials for making or repairing Roads, Bridges, ^nd Toll-Houfes, in the Counties of Clackmannan, Kinro/s, or Perth, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning empty after carrying the fame, or for Cattle, Hopfes, or Carriages, laden or unladen, pafTing from one Part of a Farm to another, or laden with Implements of Husbandry, or Carriages returning empty, after carrying the fame, or carrying any Perfon to or from Church, Chapel, or any Place of religious Worlhip, belonging to or fituated within the Parilh where fuch Perfon refides, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority robe celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Perfon who fhall die and be buried within the Parifh; or carrying any Clergyman going to or returning from vifiting any Tick Perfon, or upon other his Parochial or Minifterial Duty, or for Horfes or Cattle going to pr returning from their ufual Places of Pafture or watering; or going to Smithies for the Purpofe of being (hod, or returning therefrom; or fpr Horfes or Carriages of whatfoever Defcription, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails or Expreffes under the Authority of His Majefty's Poft-mafter General, either when employed in conveying or guarding fuch Mails or Expreffes, or in returning from conveying the fame; nor for the Horfes of Officers or Soldiers, who are upon their .March or on Duty, nor for any Horfes, Cactle, or Carriages, employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any fuch Officers or Soldiers, or in conveying any wounded or dilabled Officers or Soldiers; nor for any Horfe, Mare or Gelding, furnilhed by or for any Perfon belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercife, provided always, that fuch Perfons (hall be dreffed in the Uniform of their refpeftive Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps refpec-tively ; nor for Carts or Carriages or Waggons travelling with Vagrants fent with legal PalTes; nor (hall any Perfon be liable to pay Toll for any Horfe or Carriage at any Toll Bar eredled or to be erefted acrofs or on the Side of the faid Road, which (hall only crols the fame, and (hall not pals above Three Hundred Yards thereon; and if any fuch Perfon fhall claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforelaid, not being legally entitled to the lame, every fuch Perfon (hall for every luch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling.

XII.	And be it further enadled, That if the Owner of any Waggon, Cart, or other fuch Carriage, or other Perfon being the Driver thereof, travelling on the faid Road where any Toll Gate or Weighing Engine is or fhall be ereftrd, (hall turn out of the fame into any other Road in order to avoid being weighed, or to avoid the paying of Toll, and (hall afterwards proceed with fuch Carriage into and on any Part of the Roads hereby direfted to be made and amended, every fuch Owner or

[Lee. & Per J	11 T	other

Exemptions repealed and others granted.

Penalty on Perfons driving Carriages out of tne Road to avoid Pay-ment of Toll.

994-

Providing Repofitories for Materials.

Cattle not to be grazed on the Sides of the Road, tc.

Damages by making Openings into the Road to be made goed.

Scouring

Ditches.

48° GEORGI1 III. Cap. 54.

other Perfon convi&ed of fuch Offence before one or more Juftice or juftices of the Peace for the Diftrift where fuch Offence fhall be committed, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, fhall forfeit, if he be the Owner, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, and if he be the Driver, and not the Owner, any Sum not exceeding Fifty Shillings Sterling, upon Conviffion, for every fuch Offence.

XIII.	And be it further enafted. That the faid Truftees, or their Contractors or Overfeers, fhall be and are hereby empowed to provide proper Places, at the Diftanceof a Quarter of a Mile from each other, on the Sides of the faid Road, as Repofitories for Stone, Gravel, and other Materials for making and repairing the faid Road, Damages being always paid for the Ground occupied by fuch Repofitories, and the Fences and Enclofures properly repaired at the Expence of the faid Truftees : Provided always, That no fuch Repofitory fhall be made on the fame Side of the Road on which any Gentleman’s Manfion Houfe is fitua-ted, where fuch Repofitory fhall be nearer to fuch Manfion Houfe in a direCt Line than Half a Mile.

XIV.	And be it further enaCled, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall graze, or allow their Horfes, Cows, or other Cattle to graze upon the Sides or Parts of the faid Road, or in the Drains or Ditches adjoining thereto, or fhall ride upon the Fooc Paths conftruCted along the Sides of the faid Road, or ule the fame for any other Purpofe whatever than the Accommodation of Foot Paffengers, or hang or place any Gate acrofs the fame, or along the Side thereof, to open otherwife than into the Field, or build any Windmill or Kiln for burning Lime or Bricks, within Twenty Yards of the Sides of any of the faid Roads, every fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Thirty Shillings Sterling, and fhall over and above remove the Nuifance, and be liable to pay the whole Damage fullaintd by the Truftees.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the paffing of this A ft if any Heritor or Occupier of Land on the Sides of the faid Road fhall make any Road or Entry from the faid Road into any Field or Enclofure adjoining the fame, fuch Heritor or Occupier fhall within Twenty-four Hours after the fame fhall be completed, repair whatever Damage may have been done to the faid Road or Foot Path by fuch Operations, and make proper Bridges or Conduits for carrying off the Water, fo that it may not ftagnate on the Road ; and if he fhall refufe or negleft fo to do, he fhall, over and above making good the Damage fuftained, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling.

XVI.	And be it further enaCled, That where any Ditches have been, or hereafter fhall be made, near the Sides of the faid Road, or through any Field adjoining thereto, by the Proprietors or Occupiers of the faid Fields, fuch Proprietors or Occupiers fhall, and they are hereby required to keep fuch Ditches properly fcoured, and not to allow the Water to ftagnate therein, fo that the Road may be thereby damaged; and if they fail to do fo, after Six Days Notice previoufly given, the faid Truftees,

995

48° GEORGII III. Cap. £4.

tees, or the Overfeers of the Road, by the Direction of any One of the Truftees, may, and are hereby required, to order the faid Ditches to be opened, fcoured, and cleanfed, at the Coft of the faid Proprietors or Occupiers, fuch Cofts to be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of any of their moveable Effects, in the Manner direfted by the faid recited Aft; and if any Occupier of Land (hall turn any Water acrofs or upon the Side or Sides of the faid Road, he or fhe (hall condudt fuch Water either in an open or covered Drain, of fuch Form and Dimenfions as the faid Truftees (hall order and direct; and if fuch Occupier of Land (hall, after Ten Days Notice, refufe or negleft to make fuch Drain, accord, ing to the Directions of the faid Truftees as aforefaid, it (hall be lawful for the faid Truftees to order and caufe fuch Drain to be made; and the Perfonor Perfons refuting or neglefting to make the fame, agreeably to the Orders and Directions of the faid Truftees as aforefaid, (hall re-pay to the faid Truftees all the Cofts, Charges, and Expences attending the making of fuch Drain, and lhall likewife pay a Penalty of Forty Shillings Sterling.

XVII.	And be it enaCted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees to order and direCt the Earth which may be excavated for the Purpofe of making any Ditches or Trenches, by the faid recited ACt or this ACt authorized to be made, to be thrown or laid upon the Side of the faid Ditch or Ditches next and adjoining to the faid Road, fo as to form a Bank betwixt the faid Road and the faid Ditch or Ditches.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted, That no Driver of any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Coach, Chaife, or other Carriage, Horfe, Afs, Mule, or other Bead of Burthen, whether the fame be loaded or unloaded, (hall drive or permit the fame to travel or pafs upon the faid Road, or any Part thereof, abreaft or alongfide of any other Waggon, Wain, Cart, Coach, Chaife, or other Carriage, Horfe, Afs, Mule, or other Bead of Burthen, fo as wilfully to obftruct the (ree Paifage of the faid Road, or any Part thereof; and that for every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, drawn by Two or more Horfes, Oxen, or other Beaft of Draught, there lhall be at leaft One Driver; and that there (hall be one Driver at the leaft for every Two Waggons, Wains, Carts, or other Carriages drawn by One Horfe, Ox, or other Beaft of Draught; and every Perfon or Perfons offending in the Piemifes, lhall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, for every fuch Offence.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That the Driver of every Waggon, Wain, Cart, Coach, Chaife, or other Carriage, Horfe, Afs, Mule, or other Beaft of Burthen, travelling upon the faid Road, or any Part thereof, (hall be obliged, upon meeting another Waggon'; Wain, Cart, Coach, Chaife, or other Carriage, Horle, Als, Mule, br other Beads of Burthen, to make Way by holding or driving to his own left Hand, or what is commonly called holding to his near Side; and (hall, upon patting any Waggon, Wain, Coach, Chaife, or other Carriage, Horfe, Als, Mule, or other Beaft of Burthen, be obliged to pafs upon the right Hand of luch Carriage, Horfe, or other Beaft of Burthen; and the Driver of every fuch Carriage, H uric, or other Beaft, fo to be palled, (hall be obliged to hold or drive to his

near

Allowing Earth to be thrown up between Oitchei and Road.

Carriages not to go abreaft.

Carriages to pafs on the Right of others.

996

Obliging Owners of Carriages to paint their Names thereon.

Obliging Toll-gatherers to attend.

For fuppreff-ing Bj e-Roads.

48* GEORGil 111. Cap. 54.

gpar Side, and that without Dittindion, whether the Carriage, Waggon, Wain.Cart, Coach, Chaife, or other Carriage, Horfe, Afs, Mule, or other Beaft of Burthen, fo meeting or paffing, is loaded or unloaded ; and every Perfon offending in the Premifes lhall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling for every fuch Offence.

.XX. And be it further enabled, That in cafe the Owner of any Wag-gon. Wain, Cart, or other fuch Carriage, (hall fail to have his Name and Place of Abode painted in legible Charaders in fome confpicuous Part of the Waggon, Wain, or Cart, it lhall be lawful for the faid Trufl tees to order and dired the Tackfman of the Tolls, or the Toll-gatherer, or other Perfon employed to colled any of the Tolls or Duties, and fuch Tackfman or Toll gatherer is hereby authorized and required to levy, demand, and take at the faid Turnpike-Gate or Gates, before any fuch Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other fuch Carriage on which the Owner’s Name (hall not be fo painted, pafs through the fame. Double the Tolls and Duties by this Ad authorized to be levied and taken-, and which Double Tolls and Duties fhall be recovered and applied in the fame Manner as the other Tolls and Duties are by the former Ad and this Act directed to be recovered and applied.

XXI.	And be it further enaded, That if any Tackfman, Toll-gatherer, or other Perfon employed to coiled the faid Tolls, (hall permit any Waggon, Wain, or other fuch Carriage, on which the Name and Place of Abode of the Owner (hall not be painted as herein-before direded, to pafs any of the faid Turnpike or Turnpikes, without exading Double Tolls as before mentioned; or (hall ablent himfelt from the Turnpike Gate, foas tooccafion Delay or Inconvenience to Travellers; or knowingly to exad any higher Rate of Toll than what is hereby authorized to be taken; or to refufe, when required by any Perfon palling through the Turnpike Gate, to (hew his Warranto! Colledion, he (ball for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling.

XXII.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Jufticesof the Peace for the faid Counties, upon the Application of the faid Truftees, to caufe any unneceffarv Bve-Road immediately conneded with and leading into the Road by the faid recited Ad or this Ad authorized to be made, as they lhall judge not to be of Importance to the Public: Provided always, that no Bye-Road (hall be (hut up, or the Situation of any Turnpike Gate once eftablilhed, altered, unlefs at a Meeting to be held for that exprefs Purpofe, on a Notice of at lead Thirty Days before the Day of Meeting, fpecifying the Pur-pole of the Meeting, inferted in the Edinburgh Evening Courant, or Caledonian Mercury, and affixed to all the 1 urnpikes that (hall be (landing on the Road, and to all the Parilh Church Doors within which the Bye Roads propofed to be lhut up lhall be (ituated; nor unlefs

. there (hall be prefent at fuch Meeting, Double the Number of Truftees required to make a Quorum (or executing the other Purpofes of the faid recited Ad, or this Ad, nor unlefs Three-fourths of the Truftees prefent (hall decide in favour of the Meafure propofed ; which Truftees fo deciding, lhall have previoufly infpeded the laid Bye Roads, to entitle them to vote at fuch Meeting.

XXIII. And

48® GEORGII III. Cap. 54.	997

XXIII.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Truftees may fue or be Truftees may

fued for or concerning any Thing done by virtue or in purfuance of this	tbhee

Aft, in the Name of their Treafurer or Clerk for the Time being; and NaUofthelr that no Aftion or Suit to be brought or commenced by the Direction of Treafurero.-•or againft the faid Truftees, in the Name of their Treafurer or Clerk, Clerk;

.fhall fall or be dilcontinued by the Death or Removal of any fuch Treafurer or Clerk, nor by the Aft of fuch Treafurer or Clerk, without tire Confentof theTruftees; but that the Treafurer or Clerk to the faid Trustees for the Time being fhall be deemed to be Purfuer or Defender, as

the Cafe may be, in every fuch Aftion or Suit.

XXIV.	Provided always. That every fuch Treafurer or Clerk, in whofe anci be re!m" Name any Aftion or Suit (hall be commenced, profecuted, or defended, b“rfcd Ex" in purfuance of this Aft, fhall be fully reimburfed and paid out of the

Monies to arife by virtue of the faid former Aft and this Aft ; and Ihall alfo have a perlonal Claim and Right of Aftion againft the Truftees aft-ing in the Execution of the laid Afts, for all fuch Cods, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event, or in confequence of any fuch Aftion or Proceeding, he fhall pay, bear, expend, or be put to, or become chargeable with, by reafon of his being fo made Purfuer or Defender as aforefaid.

XXV.	And be it further enacted. That it fhall and may be lawful to and Truftees i® for fuch of the faid Truftees as are or fhall be in the Commiflion ofthe Peace for the faid Counties of Clackmannan, Kinro/s, and Perth, to ad as Juftices pc"c° of the Peace in all fuch Cafes, Matters, or Things, as fhall be neceflary act. for more fpeedily and effectually putting into execution the fcveral Powers and Authorities in the faid former Aft and in this Aft mentioned and contained, except in fuch Cafes only in which they are perfonally in-terfted.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted. That in cafe any Difpute, Suit, or Toll Collec-Litigation fhall arife touching or in anyways relating to the faid Tolls, the tors c°mpe-Perfon or Perfons appointed to colleft the fame, or any other Perfcn or neffes^'** Perfons afting by or under the Authority of the faid Truftees, fhall be, nt“'s‘

and they are hereby declared not to be incompetent to give Evidence in any fuch Difpute, Suir, or Litigation, by reafon of their being appointed to colleft fuch Tolls.

XXVII.	And be it further enafted,That allCofts,Charges,andExpences, Exp-rcesof incident to and attending the obtaining and paffing of this Aft, together the AcE-with the lawful Intereft for the fame, Ihall be paid and defrayed out of the

fir ft Money which fhall be collefted and received from the additional Tolls by this Aft granted; and for afeertaining the Amount of the faid additional Tolls, it is hereby declared that the yearly Revenue arifing from the Tolls and Duties payable by the faid former Aft, fhall be rated and taken at the Sum of Two hundred and fi ty-five Pounds Six Shillings and Light-pence, being the average Produce of the faid Tolls, for the Three Years preceding the Term of Il'bitfunday One thoufand eight hundred and eight; and that whatever Tolls and Duties may, from and alter the laid Term of IVhit/unday One thoqjand eight hundred and eight, be collected at or received from the Turnpike-gates erefted or to be ere^cd on the faid Road, over and above the aforefaid Sum of Two hundred and [Loc. & Per.]	11 U	fifty-

99$	48°	GEORGII 111.	Cap.$4.

fifty-five Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence, fhall be held and taken to be additional Tolls.

Fordetaintrg	XX VIII. And whereas Perfons guilty of Offences againft the Paid recited

Pcrfons1" uil	this Ad may be trantlent Perfons unknown to the Cpllt do s, Sur-

ty of Of- veyors, and Officers under the laid Ads; be it therefore enadcd. That fences. it (hall and may be lawful to and for any of the fair! Colledors, Surveyors, or other Officers refpedively, to feize and detain any fuch unknown Perlon or Perfons, guilty of any Offence again!! this Act, and to convey him, her, or them, before One or more Jullice or Juftices of the Peace, for the County where any fuch Offence or Offences fhall be committed, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Ad for fo doing.

If 200I. and upwards.

Morey pay. XXIX. And be it enaded, That whatever Money (ball be paid as afore-able to Per- faid, for Lands, Tenements. Houfes, or other Subjeds taken or ufed by Entado/uif- the faid Trulfees, for the Purpofes of the faid Ad and this Ad, which ability, how ■ were held under Entail, or lubjed to Life-rent Annuities or other Into bedifpoied cumbrantes, or belonging to any Corporation, married Woman, Minor, Lunatic, Idiot, or other Perfon under legal Difability or Incapacity, fuch Money, in cafe the fame amount to Two hundred Pounds or upwards, fhall be under the Authority and Dircdion of the Court of Seffion, and fhall, without Delay be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, or fuch other Bank as the faid Court lhall dired, upon the high-eft lnterelt that can be got, in order that it may be applied, with the Approbation and by the Authority of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of Land Tax, or in the Dilcharge of any Debt or Incumbrance affeding the laid Lands, Tenements, Houles, or other Subjeds, or affeding other Lands, Tenements, Houles, or other Subjeds belonging to the lame Perlons, and fettled to the lame or like Liles, or under the like Conditions and Limitations; and when fuch Money cannot be applied to thefe or like Purpofes, then the lame lhall be laiJ out in the Purchale, or on the Security of other Lands, Tenements, Houfes, and other Subjeds of the like Nature, and the Rights and Titles thereof lhall be deviled to the fame Pcifon or Perfons, or for their Benefit, to the lame Series of Heirs, for the lame Uies and Purpofes, and under the fame Provifions, Conditions, and Limitations as the Lands, Tenements, Houfes, and other Subjeds taken and uied for the Purpofes of the faid Ad and this Ad were devifed and lettled, or fuch of them as lhall be then exifting and capable of taking etfed; and in the mean Time, until fuch Purchafe or Security can be effeded, the Intereft of fuch Money fhall be paid, by Authority of the laid Court, to the Perlon or Perfons who for the Time would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, Houfes, or other Subjeds lo taken and ufed by the faid Trulfees.

Xflefs than 200I. and above sol.

XXX. And be it enaded, That if fuch Money be lefs than Two hundred Pounds, but lhall be equal to or exceed Twenty Pounds Sterling, then at the Option of the Perfon or Perlons who for the Tune being would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of theLands, Tenements, Houfes, and other Subjeds conveyed to or taken by the Trulfees for the Purpofes of the Lid Ad and this Ad, to be figmfied in Writing under their relpedive Hands, or under the Hands ol their Tutors, Curators, or Trulfees in Cales of Minority, Lunacy, or Truft, to be paid into one or other of the faid

Banks.

999

4&® GEORG 11 III. Cap. 54.

Banks, -under the fame Diredion and Authority, to be applied in the Manner before direded, or otherwife the fame (hall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Truftees to be named by the Perfon or lJerfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Three or more Truftees under the faid Ad and this Ad, in order that fuch Money, and the Intereft arifing thereon, may be applied in the Manner before direded, fo far as the Circumftances of the Cafe fhall make ir pradicable.

XXXI.	And be it enaded, That where fuch Money fhall be lefs than Twenty Pounds Sterling, then the fame fhall be applied to the Ule of the Perfon or Perfons who for the Time being would have loeen entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, Houfes, and other Subjeds fo taken and conveyed for the Purpofcs aforefaid, in fuch Manner as the Truftees, or any Three or more of them, (hall think fit, or in cafe of Truft to his or their Truftees, or in cafe of Minority, or Lunacy to his, her, or their Tutors or Curators for the Ufc and Benefit of luch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpedively.

XXXII.	And be it further enaded. That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money fhall be awarded for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, Houfes or other Subjeds, purchafed by virtue of the faid Ad and this Ad, fhall reftife to accept the fame, or fhall not be able to make a good Title to the Premiles, to the Satisfadion of the faid Truftees, or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money fhall be lo awarded as aforefaid cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, Houfes, or other Subjeds, be not known or difeovered, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees, or any Three or more of them, to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded as afo’-efaid, to be paid into the Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the faid Lands, Tenements, Houfes, or other Subjeds, (defcribing them,) fuSjed to the Order, Controul and Dilpofition of the Court of Seflion; which laid Court, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Parc thereof, by Petition, fhall be and is hereby empowered, in a fu mm ary Way of Proceeding, or otherwife as to the fame Court lhall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Diftribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the relpedive Eftate or Eftates, Title or Intereft of the Perfon or Perfons making claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court lhall feem juft and realonablej and the Cafhicr or Cafhiers of the Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland, who fhall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what, and for whole Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perlons as fhall pay any luch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

XXXIII.	And be it further enaded, That where any Queftion fhall arife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid into the faid Bank in purfuance of the faid Ad and this Ad, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, Houfes, or otherSubjefls, or of any Eftate, Right, or Intereft in any Lands, Tenements, Houfes, or other Subjedls, to be pur-

chafed

If lefs than 20!.

In cafe of net nuking out Tides, &c.

Purchafe Money to be paid into the Bank,

fubjeft to the Order of the Court of Sef-fioti.

Where any QueJtionlhall arile touching thcRight to fuch Money.

IOOO

The Court may order realonable Expences of Purchales to be paid by Trailers.

Public Act.

Commencement and Continuance.

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 54.

chafed in purfuance thereof, the Perfon or Perfons who fhall have been in the PofTeflion of fuch Lands, Tenements, Houfcs, and other Subjefts, at the rime of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the PoflcITIon of fuch Perfon or Perfons, fhall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Land', Tenements, Houfes, or other Subjedis, according to fuch PofTeflion, until the contrary fhall be fhewn to the Satisfadlion of the Laid Court of Seflion ; and fuch Money, and the Entered thereof, fhall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlels it fhall be made appear to the laid Court that fuch PofTefiion was a wrongful PofTeflion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfbns was or were lawfully entitled tt) fuch Lands, Tenements, Houfes, or other Subjedts, or to fome Eftate or Interelt therein.

XXXIV.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That where by rea-fcn of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands,Tenements, Houfes, or other Subjects to be purchafed under the Authority of the laid Adi: and this Adt, the Purchafe Money for the fame fhall be required to be paid into the faid Banks, and to be applied in thePurchafe of otherLands, Tenements, Houfes, orotherSubjcdls, to be fettled to the like Ufes in purluance of the laid Adi and this Adt, it fhall be lawful for the faid Court to order the Expences of all Purchalcs from Time toTime to be made in purfuance of this Adt, or fo much of fuch Expences as the Court fhall deem reafonable, together with the nectflary Colts and Charges of obtaining fuch Order, to be paid by the faid Truftees, who fhall from Time to Time pay luch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the laid Court fhall diredt.

XXXV.	And be it further enadted. That this Adt fhall be deemed and taken to be a Public Adt, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Jultices, and ochers, without being fpecially pleaded.

XXXVI And be it further enacted. That from and after the parting of this Adt, the Term granted by the laid recited Adt fhall ceafe and determine, and that from thenceforth the faid recited Adt (lubjedt to the Alterations and Amendments herein contained) fhall continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament.

LONDON:	Printed	by	George Eyre and Andrew Strahan,

Punters to the King’s moll Excellent Majefty. i8jb.