A

COLLECTION

OF THE

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLIC,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED,

PASSED IN THE

First Year

OF THE REIGN OF HIS MAJESTY

KING GEORGE the FOURTH

Being the FIRST SESSION of the SEVENTH PARLIAMENT of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

LONDON:

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty.

1820.

TABLE

All the STATUTES passed in the FIRST Session of the SEVENTH Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

1° GEO. IV.

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

<snip table of public statutes.>

(Local Sf Personal, declared Public, Sec.) 1° GEO. IV. xiii

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLIC,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

UN Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of several Acts passed for repairing the Roads therein described, so far as the said Acts relate to the Roads leading from Ferrybridge, through Wetherby, to Boroughbridge, in the County of York. 3

ii. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the Road from Knaresborough to Green Hammer ton, in the County of York. 25

iii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His late Majesty King George the Third, for repairing the Road from the Moot Hall, in Wirksworth, to the Turnpike Road leading from Derby to Brassington; and from the said Moot Hall to another Turnpike Road leading from Wirksworth Moor to Matlock Bath, at or near to the Steeple House in Wirksworth aforesaid, all in the County of Derby. 45

iv. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight bundled and twenty-two, Two Acts, of the Fifty-ninth and Sixtieth Years of His late Majesty, for regulating the Weight and Sale of Bread. 6l

v. An Act for repealing an Act of His late Majesty's Reign, for making

a Harbour in the Cove of Beery in the County of Devon, and for granting more effectual Powers for effecting the Purpose aforesaid. 65

vi. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His late Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Bly thing, in the County of Suffolk. 77

vii. An Act for regulating the Repairs of the Bridges in the County of

Montgomery. 85

viii. An Act for lighting with Gas the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford. 89

ix. An Act for lighting with Gas the Borough of Derby. 117

x. An Act for incorporating the City of Gloucester Gas Light Company.

153

xi. An Act for lighting with Gas the City of Norwich, and County of the same City. 169

xii. An Act for repealing an Act of His late Majesty's Reign, for paving and improving the Parish of Saint Clement, in the Town and Port of Hastings, in the County of Sussex, and for granting other and more effectual Powers in lieu thereof, for paving and otherwise improving the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places; and for re-

D pairing

xiv A TABLE of the STATUTES

pairing the Highways within the said Parish and the Parish of All Saints, and that Part of the Parish of Saint Mary in the Castle which is situate within the Liberties of the said Town and Port. 197

xiii. An Act for reviving, extending, and varying the Powers of an Act,

passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, for making and widening certain Streets, Passages, and Places in the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for several other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, and also for further improving the said Town. 245

xiv. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the

Powers of an Act of His late Majesty's Reign, for amending the Road leading out of the Highway from Wigan to Golbom and Warrington, into the Road from Wigan to Ashton, in Ashton in Mackeifeld, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. 269

xv. An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed for amending the Roads from the City of Chester to the Woodside Ferry in the County of Chester, and other Roads therein mentioned, and for making a Diversion in some Part of the said Roads.

285

xvi. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Town of

Cheltenham to join the present Turnpike Road from Cheltenham to Painswich, at or near to Prinknash Park Wall, in the County of Gloucester. 309

xvii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the

Thirty-seventh Year of His late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hulmes Chapel in the County Palatine of Chester, to the South Bridge in Chelford, in the said County. 345

xviii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Kirkby Kendall, in the County of Westmoreland, to Kirkby Ireleth, in the County of Lancaster. 369

xix. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cheadle to Quickshill Bank, and from Bears Brook to Rocester in the County of Stafford; and for making a new Road from Denston to Rocester in the said County. 389

xx. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act of His late Majesty, for making and maintaining the Road from near Lightpill Gate, in the Parish of Rodborough, to near Birdlip, in the Parishes of Brimps-field and Cowley, or one of them, all in the County of Gloucester.

413

xxi. An Act to improve certain Parts of the Line of Road between the

Borough of Plymouth and the City of Exeter, through Ashburton and Chudleigh, in the County of Devon. 425

xxii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Wansford

Bridge, in the County of Northampton, to Stanford; and from Stanford to Bourn, in the County of Lincoln. 465

xxiii. An

(Local &{ Personal, declared Public, life.) I" GEO. IV. xv

xxiii. An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His late Majesty,

for repairing the Roads from Monk Bridge, near the City of York, to New Maltrn, and from thence to Scarborough, and also from Spittle House to Scarborough aforesaid, all in the County of York. 513

xxiv. An Act to continue and amend Three Acts, passed in the Second,

Twenty-second, and Thirty-ninth Years of His late Majesty King George the Third, for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road at Wei/hill, in the County of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at Lyde Way, in the County of Wilts. 5Z0

xxv. An Act to continue the Term, and to alter, amend, and enlarge the

Powers of the several Acts for repairing the Roads from HenshalCs Smithy, upon Cranage Green, through Nether Knutsford, to Altrincham, and other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County Palatine oi Chester. 553

xxvi. An Act for more effectually improving the Road from Greenhead through Haltwhistle, Hexham, and Corbridge, to the Military Road near Shildon Bar, and for making a Branch Road from Corbridge to Heddon-on-the-Wall, all in the County of Northumberland; and for altering the Line of a certain Part of the said first-mentioned Road.

507

xxvii. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the

Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His late Majesty, for making and repairing the Road from the Town of Stonehaven, through the Slug Mount, to the new Bridge over the River Dee at Cobleheugh, in the County of Kincardine. 633

xxviii. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from or

nearly from the Town of Stockport in the County Palatine of Chester, to or near unto the Town of Warrington in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and a Branch of Road to communicate therewith. 653

xxix. An Act to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for making and maintaining the Road from or near Whiteburn in the County of Berwick, to the Town of Kelso in the County of Roxburgh. ' 705

xxx. An Act for more effectually improving the Road from Gateshead, in

the County of Durham, to the Church Lane near Ryton Lane Head, and from the Bar Moor to the Hexham Turnpike Road near Dilston Bar, in the County of Northumberland, and other Roads therein described; and also for altering the Line of a certain Part of the first above-mentioned Road. yly

xxxi. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and amending the

Powers of Two Acts for repairing and widening the Roads from Gosport, through Fareham and Wickham, to Bishop’s Waltham; and from Wickham aforesaid to Chawton Pond, in the Parish of Chawtun, all in the County of Southampton. ygj

xxxii. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving several

Districts of Malmesbury Turnpike Roads, and other Roads connected therewith, in the Counties of Wilts, Berks, and Gloucester. 781

xxxiii. All

* vi A TABLE of the STATUTES

xxxiii. An Act for amending, diverting, altering, straightening, improv-

ing, completing, and keeping in Repair several Roads leading from the Market House in the Town of Ludlow and elsewhere, in the County of Salop. 849

xxxiv. An Act for repairing and improving the Road leading from the

Town of Ludlow in the County of Salop, through Woofferton and Little Hertford to a Place called Monk’s Bridge, in the said County; and also from the said Town of Ludlow to a Place or House called The Maidenhead, at Orleton, in the said County of Hereford. 893

xxxv. An Act for maintaining navigable the River Ure, and its collateral Cuts, from its Junction with the River Swale, to the Borough of Ripon, in the County of York. 933

xxxvi. An Act for completing and maintaining the Harbour, Quay, or

Pier, at the Village of Goran Haven, in the Parish of Goran, in the County of Cornwall. 1005

xxxvii. An Act for the Regulation of the Corporation of the Masters and

Assistants of the Trinity House of Leith. 1045

xxxviii. An Act for repairing the Roads from Butt Lane in the Parish of Lawton in the County Palatine of Chester, to Lawton, and from thence to HenshalFs Smithy upon Cranage Green in the said County. 1077

xxxix. An Act to enable the Undertakers of the Navigation of the Rivers

Aire and Colder, in the West Riding of the County of York, to make a Navigable Cut or Canal from and out of the said Navigation at Knot-iingley to communicate with the River Ouze, near Goole, with Two Collateral Branches, all in the said Riding, and to amend the Acts relating to the said Navigation. 1117

xl. An Act for repairing or taking down and rebuilding the Bridge within the Borough and Town of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, in the Count) of .Dorset. 1189

xli. An Act for building Two New Churches or Chapels in the Parish of Saint Mary Newington, commonly called Newington Butts, in the County of Surrey, and for other Purposes relating thereto. 1221

xlii. An Act for providing additional Burying Ground for the Parish of Saint Mary, Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey. 1277

xliii, An Act for lighting, watching, and cleansing the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York. 1297

xliv. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts for repairing and widening the Roads from Milford, in the County of Surrey, through Petworth to the Top of Duncton Hill, and from Petworth to Stopham Bridge, in the County of Sussex. 1325

xlv. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the Town of Pool, in the County of Montgomery, through Oswestry, in the County of Salop, to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said Counties, and in the County of Merioneth; and for making several new Branches of Roads, to communicate with tile said Roads, in the Counties of Salop, Montgomery, and Denbigh. 1353

i xlvi. An

(Local Sf Personal, declared, Public, , fyc. c.J 1° GEO. IV. xvii

, Jvi. An Act for widening and improving the Road leading from thfc Turnpike Road, in the Town of T&nterden, through Woodchurch, to Warehome, and the Road leading out of the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Bethersden, through Woodchurch, to Appledore, in the County of Kent. 1397

xlvii. An Act for maintaining and repairing The Military Roads in the County of Perth, and the several Branches or Roads of Communication therewith connected. 1441

xlviii. An Act for altering and amending several Acts for making and maintaining the Forth and Clyde Navigation. 1473

xlix. An Act to alter and amend several Acts for erecting a Bridge over the River Thames from the City of London to the opposite Bank in the County of Surrey. 1481

1. An Act for taking down the old Bridge, and for erecting and maintaining a new Bridge, over the River Earn, in the Parish of Dunbamey ami Sure of Perth. 1301

li. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Wensum, in the City of Norwich, at or near the Duke’s Palace in the said City. 1329

fii. An Act for erecting a Ballast Office, and for regulating Pilots within the Port and Harbour of Cork; and for rendering more safe and commodious the said Port and Harbour for all Ships and Vessels trading to and from the same. 1378

liii. An Act for altering and amending an Act of His late Majesty, for establishing a permanent Fund for the Relief and Support of Skippers and Keelmen employed upon the River Tyne, their Widows and Children, and for augmenting the said Fund. 1609

liv. An Act for making a Branch Railway or Tram Road from a Place called Crabtree, in the Parish of Egg Buckland, to certain Lime Works at a Place called Catdo-wn, and from thence to Sutton Pool, in the Parish of Charles, all in the County of Devon, to communicate with the Plymouth and Dartmoor Railway, at Crabtree aforesaid. 1617

lv. An Act for lighting the City and Suburbs of Dublin with Gas. 1625

lvi. An Act for lighting with Gas the Town and Suburbs of Shgetcsbury, in the County of Salop. 1053

lvii. An Act for lighting with Gas the Towns of Great and Little Bolton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. 1681

lviii. An Act to repeal an Act made in the Fifty-eighth Year of His late Majesty, for building a Chapel of Ease in the Township of Pendleton and Parish of Eccles, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. 1709

lix. An Act for uniting the Rectory and Vicarage of the Parish of Saint Dunstan in the West, in the City of London-, and for making a certain Annual Payment to the Rector of the said Parish in lieu of Tithes. 1713 lx. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, of the Fiftieth and Fifty-second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty, for rebuilding the Theatre Royal Drury Lane. 174, 1

E lii: An

xviii A TABLE of the STATUTES

lxi. An Act to amend, extend, and render more effectual an Act of His late Majesty, for paving, lighting, cleansing, watching, and otherwise improving the Town of Bury Saint Edmund's, in the County of Suffolk.

1757

lxii. An Act for lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Town and Borough of Stockton, in the County of Durham. 1769

lxiii. An Act for warping and otherwise improving certain Moors, Commons, Wastes, and other Low Lands and Grounds in the Parishes of Whitgifl and Smith, in the West Riding of the County of York. 1793 lxiv. An Act for continuing and amending Four Acts of their late Majesties King George the Second and King George the Third, for repairing the Road from North Shields, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of Netccastle-upon-Tyne, and certain Branches communicating therewith. 1813

lxv. An Act for amending the Road from Selby tp Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York. 1833

lxvi. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering, amending, and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, of the Thirteenth and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for repairing the Road leading from the High Street in the City of Rochester to Maidstone, in the County of Kent. 1889

lxvii. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining several Roads, in the Counties of Stirling, Dumbarton, Lanark, and Perth.

1909

lxviii. An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road from Wakefield to Austerlands, in the West Riding of the County of York, 1949

lxix. An Act for repairing and improving several Roads leading into and from Devizes, in the County of Wilts. 2001

lxx. An Act for continuing and amending Three Acts, of their Majesties King George the Second and King George the Third, for repairing the Roads from Hertford to Broadwater, and from Ware to Walkem, all in the County of Hertford. 2053

lxxi. An Act for repairing the Road leading from Longhorseley Bar, near the Town of Morpeth, by Longhorseley, Weldon Bridge, and Wtdttingham, to the River' Brcamish, and from thence to Piercy’s Cross, in the County of Northumberland. 2069

lxxii. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His late Majesty, for making a Road from Swindon to Knighton, and from fiddington to Burderop, in the County of IVtlts. 2113

lxxiii. An Act for repairing the Road from Towcester through Brackley, in the County of Northampton, to Western Gate, in the Parish of Weston on the Green, in the County of Chford. 2125

lxxiv. At! Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining certain Roads in the Counties of Dumfries and Roxburgh. 2165

lxxv. An Act for increasing the Rates on Goods and Commodities conveyed on the River Itchin, in the County of Southampton. 2201

lxxvi. An

(Local $ Personal, declared Public, SfC.J 1° GEO. IV. xix

laxvi. An Act for erecting a Bridewell for the County of Lanark and City of Glasgow. 2205

lxxvii. An Act for erecting a New Sessions House and House of Correction at Ely, in the Isle of Ely, and for reimbursing to the Inhabitants of a Part of the said Isle, the Charges of a Sessions House and House of Correction lately erected at Wisbech in the said Isle. '2221

lxxviii. An Act for removing the Markets held within the City of Exeter, and for providing another Market Place or other Market Places in lieu thereof. 2211

lxxix. An Act for repairing the Road from Chatteris Ferry, through Somersham, to the Crown Inn in Saint Ives, and also the Road branching out of the said Road near Stock’s Bridge, through Needingworth,

' to Hermitage Bridge, in the Parish of Earith, in the County of Huntingdon. 11 '2285

lxxx. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His Majesty King George the Second, and of an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Market Harbtyrough, in the County of Leicester, to the Pound in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon. 2325

lxxxi. An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of His late Majesty King George the Third, for amending the Road leading from the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Asthail, in the County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road at or near Buckland, in the County of Berks. 2349

lxxxii. An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Fortieth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in Witney, to the Road on Steer ford Heath, and the Road leading from the Road from Wood-stock to Birmingham, through Charlbury, to the Road from Chipping Norton to Burford, all in the County of Oxford. 2873

lxxxiii. An Act to explain and amend an Act for amending and consolidating several Acts for making and repairing Turnpike Roads in the Counties of Renfrew, Lanark, and Ayr. SS9S

lxxxiv. An Act for making and maintaining certain Roads and Bridges in the Counties of Lanark and Dumbarton. 2397

lxxxv. An Act for making and maintaining a Road leading through the Parishes of Naim and Auldearn, in the County of Naim; and for converting and regulating the Statute Labour of the said County. 2401

lxxxvi. An Act for erecting Two distinct Rectories within the Rectory and Parish of Tilehurst, in the County of Berks. 2441

lxxxvii. An Act for supplying the Town of Peterhead, in the Coirnty of Aberdeen, with Water, and for better lighting, paving, and otherwise improving the Streets, Roads, and Avenues within and leading to and from the said Town. "• 2453

lxxxviii. An

XX A TABLE of the STATUTES

lxxxviii. An Act for amending an Act of His late Majesty King George the Third, relating to the Conversion of the Statute Labour within the Royalty of Glasgow; and another Act of His said late Majesty, relating to the Sale of Live Cattle in the City of Glasgow; and for opening certain Streets and otherwise improving the said City. 2485

lxxxix. An Act to extend and amend an Act, passed in the Fifty-seventh Year of His late Majesty, to enable Peltro William Tomkins, Engraver, to dispose of his Collection of Paintings, Drawings, and Engravings, together with several Copies of certain Books therein mentioned, and the Lease of the Premises called The British Gallery of Pictures, by way of Lottery. 2509

xc. An Act to continue the Term of and amend an Act of His late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dundalk, in the County of Louth, to Bannbridge, in the County of Down, so far as relates to the Southern Division of the said Road. 2517

/k l-vf ft

, , , v

('Private, printed) 1° GEO. IV.

xxi

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE KING’S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

1. AN Act for vesting Parts of the Settled Estates of Join Madocis

4*. Esquire, in the County of Denbigh, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. 3

2. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Blu' Norton, in the County of Norfolk. 29

3. An Act for rendering more effectual an Act passed in the fifty-first

Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Langset otherwise Lang-side, in the Parish of Peniston, in the West Riding of the County 0/'York, so far as regards the Allotment to William Payne Esquire. 53

4. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Parish of Milltrn, in

the County of Cumberland. 57

5. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Smisby, in the County of

Derby. 77

6. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parishes of Tibenham and

Moulton, in the County of Norfolk. KX5

7. An Act for inclosing Lands in the.Parish of Darton in the West Riding

of the County of York. 133

8. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Golcar in the Parish of

Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York. 161

9- An Act for inclosing a certain Common or Waste Ground called Skelding Moor, situate in the Parishes of Urswick and Aldingham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. 185

10. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Barford, in the County of Bedford. Ipy

11. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor of Wenham in the

Parish of Rogate, in the County of Sussex. 225

12. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Tythings of Woodshaw, Greenhill,

and Nore Marsh in the Parish of Wootton Bassett, in the County of Wilts. 245

13. An Act to enable the Trustees for the Time being of certain Charity

Estates, situate in the Parish of Richmond in the County of Surry, to grant building, repairing, and other Leases thereof. 261

14. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Selley, in the Parish

of Llanvair Waterdine, in the County of Salop. 277

F 15. An

xxii A TABLE of the STATUTES

15, An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Great Leighs, and the Hamlet of Chatley in the said Parish, in the County of Essex. 297

16. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Eye in the County of Northampton; and for exonerating the same from Tithes. 321

17- An Act for inclosing Lands within the several Parishes and Manors of PrestonCandover, and Nutley, in the County of Southampton. 349

18. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Princes Risborough in

the County of Buckingham. 369

19. An Act for vesting Part of the Settled Estates of Robert Holden, Esquire, situate at Darky near Derby, in the County of Derby, in Trust,

. to be sold; and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Estates,

, to be settled to the same Uses. 393

20. An Act for vesting Parts of the Settled Estates of the Right Honour-6t able Eduard Herbert, commonly called Viscount Clhe, in-Trustees; upon

Trust to sell; and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sales in .wfh'e Purchase of more convenient Estates. 409

!jfl. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish oiDrigg, in the County ' of Cumberland. 441

22. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Pennington, in the County of Lancaster. 465

2&. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Chilfrume, in the County of Dorset. 489

24. An Act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the

Parish of Naseby, in the County of Northampton. 505

25. An Act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands within tire

Parish of Oakham, in the County of Rutland. 529

26. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of South Duffield, in the Parish of Hemingbrough, in the East Riding of the County of York.

561

27. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Famham, in the County of Essex, and of Bishop Stortford, in the County of Hertford. 581

28. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Little Marlow, in the County of Buckingham.

, 601

29. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parishes of Blaheney, Wivcton,

and Glandford, in the County of Norfolk. 617

30. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands in the Parish of IValsoken, in the County of Norfolk. 649

31. An Act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the .Parish of Benefield, in the County of Northampton. 673

32. An Act for vesting one Moiety of the Walcott Charity Estates, situate in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, in Trustees, for the Benefit of the said Charity, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. 693

('Private, printed) 1' GEO. IV. xxiii

33. An Act for enabling the President and Scholars of Saint John Baptist College, in the University of Oxford, to sell and convey to the Trustees of the Will of Doctor John Radcliffe, a Piece of Ground in the Parish of Saint Giles in the Suburbs of the City of Oxford, and the Observatory and other Buildings thereon; and for laying out the Purchase Money in the Purchase of Lands; and for other ^Purposes. 713

34. An Act to enable the Trustees and Devisees of the Will of James Gunter, deceased, to grant Leases of Lands in the Parishes of Saint Luke, Chelsea, Fulham, and Kensington, otherwise Saint Mary Abbotts, Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, in pursuance of Two Contracts entered into by the said James Gunter in his Life-time; and to grant other Leases under certain Conditions and Restrictions. 721

35. An Act for effecting an Exchange between the Provost and Scholars of the King’s College of Blessed Mary and St. Nicholas of Cambridge, and Wyrley Birch Esquire, of Estates in the County of Norfolk. 745

36. An Act for confirming and establishing the Settlement made by the

most Noble tVilliam Henry Cavendish Scott Duke of Portland, in pursuance of a Proviso contained in an Indenture or Articles executed previously to his Marriage with Henrietta Scott, now Duchess of Portland. 761

37. An Act for vesting the Manor of Hendon, and other Estates devised by the Will of John Bond Esquire, deceased, in other Trustees, to be sold; and for enfranchising Copyhold Estates holden of the said Manor; and for applying the Produce upon the Trusts declared by the said

WilL 773

38. An Act for enabling the Trustees appointed by the Will of John

Vernon Esquire, deceased, to sell certain Parts of the Estates thereby devised, for the Purposes in the Act mentioned. 793

39. An Act for making effectual the Sale of Part of the Estates comprized

in the Settlement made upon the Marriage of Osmond Beauvoir, Doctor in Divinity, and Mary Sharpe, Spinster, both deceased. 813

40. An Act for preventing the Right Honourable Charles Earl of Shrewsbury, and other Persons claiming under the Act for entailing certain Estates with the Earldom of Shrewsbury, from disturbing a certain Partition heretofore made of a small Part of those Estates by George late Earl of Shrewsbury.

41. An Act for confirming a Lease granted by the Dean of Saint Paul,

London, to Sir John Osborn Baronet and John Burt Esquire, dated the Twenty-ninth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fourteen; and for establishing certain Derivative Leases granted by the Lessees. ygy

42. An Act for enabling Sir James Fergusson of Kilkerran, Baronet, or the Heir of Entail in Possession of the Lands and Estate of Kilkerran, in the County of Ayr, under and by virtue of a certain Deed of Entail

made

xxiv A TABLE-of the STATUTES

made by Sir Adam Fergusson of Kilkerran, Baronet, deceased, to exchange certain Parts of the Lands of Mochrumhill, the Lands of Caid-wallstone, and others contained in the said Deed of Entail, for certain Parts of the Lands of Aird, and for the Lands of GlenshaUocli and others, to be vested in the said Sir James Fergusson and the Heirs called to succeed to the said Lands of Mochrumhill and others, by the said Deed of Entail, and under the Conditions and Limitations contained in the said Deed. 865

43. An Act for establishing an Exchange of Lands in the County of

Hereford, agreed upon between The Most Noble Charles late Duke of Norfolk, and the late William Matthews Esquire, with the Concurrence of the Committees of the Person and Estate of the Duchess Dowager of Norfolk, a Lunatic. 877

44. An Act for dividing and allotting Lands in the Parish of Cherhill, and

certain Common Meadows and Common Field Lands in that Parish, and in the Parishes of Cable, Calstone, Wellington, and Compton Bassett, in the County of Wilts. 889

45. An Act to enable the Trustees therein named to make Exchange of certain Messuages, Tenements, and Lands, in the County of Pembroke, comprized in the Will of John Dunn Esquire, deceased, for other Estates situate at East Moor, in the said County of Pembroke.

909

46. An Act for empowering the Trustees of certain Estates devised by the Will of Sarah West Widow, deceased, to sell the same for the Purpose of" discharging a Mortgage thereon, and for laying out the Residue of the Money arising therefrom, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. 921

47. An Act for vesting the Kilkenny Estate, (being Part of the Settled

Estates of the Right Honourable Cornwallis Viscount Hawarden), in Trustees to be sold, and for applying the Purchase Money in satisfying the Charges and Incumbrances affecting the said Kilkenny Estate, and also the Tipperary Estate (being an Estate settled to the same Uses), and for laying out the Surplus in the Purchase of other Estates in or near the County of Tipperary, to be settled to the existing Uses of the Kilkenny and Tipperary Estates. 949

48. An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Forty-seventh

Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for vesting certain Estates belonging to the See of Canterbury in Trustees, far Sale, and for applying the Purchase Monies, together with other Monies, in the Manner therein mentioned; and J'or enabling the Archbishop of Canterbury to grant Building and Repairing Leases; and for other Purposes; and also for granting further Powers to the Archbishop for the Time being, in reference to such Leases; and also for enabling the Archbishop for tin* Time being to grant Leases for working certain Veins of Coal belonging to the See of Canterbury. 965

49. An

fPrivate, printed') 1* GEO. IV.

XXV

4g. An Act for vesting the Manor and Estate of Howling, in the County of Gloucester, belonging to John Locke Stratum an Infant, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Money to arise by Sale, after Payment of Incumbrances, in the Purchase of other Estates for the Benefit of the Infant. 989

50. An Act for establishing the Deed of Conveyance and Assignment executed by Sir James Lawrence Cotter Baronet, Richard Kellett, Sir Richard Kellett Baronet, and William Augustus Kellett, late Bankers in the City of Cork, for the Benefit of their Creditors; and for obviating and removing certain Doubts relative to the Validity thereof; and for facilitating the Performance of the Trusts thereby declared. 1009

G

XXVI

A TABLE of the STATUTES

PRIVATE ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

51. AN Act to relieve George Earl of Winchilsea and Nottingham from

certain Disabilities, in consequence of his having sat and voted in the House of Peers without being duly qualified by taking the Oaths and making the Declaration prescribed by Law, and subscribing the same respectively.

52. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Temple Newsom, in the Parish of Whitkirk, in the West Riding of the County of York.

53. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor of Whinfell, in the Parish of Brigham, in the County of Cumberland.

54. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Codsall, in the County of Stafford.

55. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Holme neat the Sea, in the County of Norfolk.

56. An Act for naturalizing Marie Jeanne Massingberd.

57- An Act for naturalizing James Hervet d’Egville.

58. An Act for naturalizing John Henry Garey Haims.

59. An Act for naturalizing Samuel Rackwitz.

60. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Chapelry or Hamlet of Chessington, in the County of Surrey.

61. An Act for allotting and inclosing certain Open and Common Meadows in the Parishes of Bishopstoke and South Stoneham, in the County of Southampton, and certain Commonable and Waste Lands in the Manors or Tithings of Bishopstoke, Great Allington, Little Ailing ton, and the Honor of Ewelme, in the same Parishes.

62. An Act for allotting Lands within the Township or Liberty of Great Haseley, in the Parish of Haseley, in the County of Oxford.

63. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Andreus Ritterspack.

64. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parishes of Upper Gravenhurst Lower Gravenhurst, and Upper Stondon, in the County of Bedford.

65. An Act for naturalizing John Christian Henry Reimers.

66. An Act for dissolving the Marriage of Pownoll Bastard Pellew Esquire, commonly called the Honourable Pownoll Bastard Pellew, eldest Son and Heir Apparent of the Right Honourable Edward Lord Viscount Exmouth, with Eliza Harriett Pellew, his nowr Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

3

67. An

f Private, not printed) 1° GEO. IV. xxvii

67. An Act for naturalizing Christian Kramer.

68. An Act to relieve Robert Earl of Harborough from certain Disabilities, in consequence of his having sat and voted in the House of Peers without being duly qualified by taking the Oaths, and making the Declaration prescribed by Law, and subscribing the same respectively.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Stilahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1820.

INDEX

TO THE

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

AND TO THE

PRIVATE ACTS printed by THE KING’S PRINTER.

[Index removed.]

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1820.

it

ANNO REGNI

GEORGII IV.

Britanniarmn Regis P RIM O.

At the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Twenty-first Day of April, Anno Domini 1820, in the First Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Fourth, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith:

Being the FIRST SESSION of the SEVENTH PARLIAMENT of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

LONDON:

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1820.

ANNO PRIMO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

•Hi *

Cap. i.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of several Acts passed for repairing the Roads therein described, so far as the said Acts relate to the Roads leading from Ferrybridge, through Wetherby, to Boroughbridge, in the County of York.

[6th June 1820.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fourteenth Year of the ]4G.2. c. 28. Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for repairing the Roads from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Cross; and also from Ferrybridge to Wetherby, and from thence to Boroughbridge, in the County of York: And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act 26G.2.C. 77. to explain and make more effectual an Act passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Roads from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side o/Tadcaster Cross; and also from Ferrybridge to Wetherby, and from thence to Boroughbridge, in the County of York:And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts3 23G.3. c. 95. [Local.'] A 2 made

4 P GEORGII IV. Cap. i.

made in the Fourteenth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge to the South Side of Tadcaster Cross; and also from Ferrybridge to Wetherby, and from thence to Boroughbridge, in the County of York, so tar as the same relate to the Road between Ferrybridge and Wetherby, and from thence to Boroughbridge:And whereas an Act was passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, 39G.3. C. 10. intituled An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Three several Acts, passed in the Fourteenth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Tad caster Cross; and also from Ferrybridge to Wetherby, and from thence to Boroughbridge, in the County of York, so far as the same relate to the Road between Money bor- Ferrybridge and Wetherby, and from thence to Boroughbridge:And rowed still whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said several Acts proceeded to put the same in execution, and did for that Purpose borrow several Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls, by the said Acts granted and made payable upon that Part of the said Road leading from Ferrybridge, through Wetherby, to Boroughbridge, and a great Part of such Money is still due and owing and cannot be paid off, and the Interest thereof discharged, within the subsisting Term of the said Acts, nor can the same Road be effectually amended, improved, and kept in repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said several recited Acts be further continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof respectively altered, amended, and enlarged; but the same cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia-The said re- ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said cited Acts recited Acts, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions,

t"rthJ’con" Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things

faTas relates therein contained, so far as the same relate to the said Road leading to the Road from Ferry budge, through Wetherby, to Boroughbridge, (except such from Ferry- as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and such as are varied, brldge’ altered, or repealed,) shall be and continue in full Force and Effect] therby, to6 and sIlall be executed for and during the Term herein-after menl Borough- tioned, in like Manner and as fully and effectually to all Intents and bridge. Purposes, as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Alterations, Variations, and Additions in this Act contained, and which shall commence and take effect immediately from and after the passing of this Act, and continue and be in force during the Term herein-after mentioned; and this Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be subject and liable to the Payment of all the Money now due on the Credit or on Account of the said recited Acts or any

of them, or which shall be borrowed on the Credit of them and

6 of

5

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. i.

of this Act, and all the Interest due and to grow due thereon respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of Additional the Peace acting in and for the said County of York, together with Trustees, the Honourable Frederick William Robinson, Sir Harry James Good-

ricke, Sir John Ramsdeji, Baronets, John Abbay, William Abbay,

Thomas Bar stow, Parley Bealby, Thomas Davison Bland, John Brewin, John Charge Clerk, Thomas Clap ham, William Collins, John Daltony John Dalton the younger, Thomas Duncombe, Thomas Slingsby Duncombe, Humphrey Fletcher, George Lane Fox, William Henry Harrison, John Harrison, John Hartley Clerk, Richard Hartley Clerk, John Henlock, Ralph Bates Hunter Clerk, John Husband Clerk,

James London Clerk, Andrew Lawson, Isaac Newton, Charles Christopher Oxley, Howell Worster Powell Clerk, Grosvenor Perfect, Gregory Rhodes, Edmund Robinson, William Lister Fenton Scoff, Thomas Simpson, Thomas Kitchinman Staveley, Joseph Beevers Terry, John Farsidc Watson, George James Watson, Anthony Watson Clerk,

Francis Whincup, and Montague Winyard Clerk, shall be and they are hereby added to and joined with the Trustees appointed or elected for putting the said recited Acts in Execution, so far as the same relate to the said last-mentioned Road; and that the said Trustees, by and in pursuance of the said recited Acts and of this Act, appointed or to be elected and qualified as in this Act directed, shall be and they are hereby nominated and appointed Trustees for surveying, ordering, amending and keeping in Repair the said Road, and for otherwise putting the said recited Acts and this Act in Execution with relation thereto.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person Qualification shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of the said of Trustees, recited Acts and this Act, whilst he holds any Place of Profit or be concerned or interested in any Contract or Contracts under the said recited Acts and this Act, or either of them, nor in any case wherein he shaft be personally interested, otherwise than as a Creditor; nor shall any Person be qualified to act as a Trustee unless at the Time of his acting he shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession of and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits issuing out of Freehold or Copyhold Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Ileprizes, or shall be Heir Apparent to some Person having such Estate of the clear yearly Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds, or be possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount of Four thousand Pounds, nor (except in administering the Oath or Affirmationh erein-after mention-until he shall have taken and subscribed before any Two or more of the said Trustees an Oath (or, being one of the People called Quakers, an Affirmation) in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to

say.)

‘ J A' B- do swear, [or, being one of the People called Quakers, Oath.

. do solemnly affirm, that I truly and bonajide am in my own [Local] b < Right

6

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. I

i Right [or, in the Right of my Wife] in the actual Possession and

* Enjoyment or Receipt of Rents and Profits issuing out of Freehold

* or Copyhold Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear ‘ yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprizes [or, am possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or Real and Personal Estate toge-

* ther], to the Amount of Four thousand Pounds, or am Heir Appa-‘ rent of A.B. who, to the best of my Knowledge, is possessed of a

* Real Estate in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear ‘ yearly Value of One hundred and fifty Poands.

'So help me GOD.

And if any Person unqualified by any of the Causes aforesaid, or not being qualified as herein-before mentioned, shall nevertheless presume to act contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall inform or sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and the Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is so .qualified, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor, than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of the said, recited Acts and this Act, or either of them, any tiling in the said recited Acts to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: Provided nevertheless, that all Acts

and Proceedings of any Person or Persons acting as a Trustee or Trustees in the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act, - or either of them (although not duly qualified), previously to his or their being convicted of the said Offence, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as good, valid, and effectual as if such Person or Persons had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

Power to

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawdiil for the appoint said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at their First or Second

additional Meeting to be holden in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this

rustees. to elect any additional Number of fit and proper Persons, not exceeding Ten in the whole, to be Trustees for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act, so far as the same relate to the said last-mentioned Road; and such Trustees so elected shall be and are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, as if they had been named and appointed Trustees in or by virtue of this Act;

Trustees to V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five’ take Security or more of them, shall, and they are hereby directed and required to from their take sufficient Security from the Treasurer or Treasurers, Receive! Itecdver^and or Receivers> an(* Collector or Collectors already appointed, or Collectors, to be elected and appointed by virtue of the said recited Acts

and

1" GEOR.GII IV. Cap. i. 7

and of this Act, or- any of them, for the due Execution of their respective Offices/

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue or Trustees may be sued for or concerning any thing to be done by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited Acts or of this Act, in the Name of Nameoft^eir their Clerk for the Time being; and that no Action or Suit to be clerk, brought or commenced by the Direction of or against the said Trustees in the Name of their Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued determined by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk, nor by the Act of such Clerk, without the Consent of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; but that the Clerk for the Time being to the said '

Trustees shall be deemed to be Plaintiff or Defendant (as the Case may be) in every such Action: Provided always, that every such '

Clerk in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully reim- bursed and paid out of the first Money to arise by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, after such Action or Suit shall be commenced or discontinued, all such Costs, Charges, Damages and Expences, as by the Event or in consequence of any such Action, Suit or Proceeding, he shall bear, pay, expend or be put unto, or become chargeable with by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and Accounts to

they are hereby required, from Time to Time and at all Times during of,

the Continuance of the said recited Acts anil this Act, to order and Sbburse-clirect a Book or Books to be provided and kept by their Clerk for the ments, which Time being, in which Book or Books such Clerk shall enter or cause shall be open to be entered, true and regular Accounts of all Sums of Money re*- to thIn-ceived, paid, laid out and expended, for or on account of the said ^Trustees-Road, and of the several Articles, Matters mid Things, for which and Cre. such Sums of Money shall have been disbursed, laid out and paid j ditors. which Book or Books shall at all seasonable Times be open to the Inspection of the said Trustees, or any Creditor or Creditors on the

Tolls by the said recited Acts and this Act granted, without Fee or Reward j and the said Trustees and Creditors, or any of them, shall or may take Copies of or Extracts from the said Book or Books, or any Part or Parts thereof, without paying any thing for the same; and in case the said Clerk shall refuse to permit, or shall not permit the said Trustees or such Creditors to inspect the same, or to take such Copies or Extracts as aforesaid, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds y to be levied, recovered and applied in manner by the said recited Acts mentioned.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not Clerk re-

be lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person strain*d from who has been or may be appointed to act as their Clerk, in the Exe- SSwJJr cution of the said recited Acts and this Act, or any of them, or and net"

the Partner of any such Clerk, the Treasurer for the Purposes of the versa-

said.

8

1° GEORGII IV. Cap A.

said Acts and this Act> or any of them, or to continue or appoint tfn? Person who has been or may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, the Clerk to the said Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, or any of them; and if any Person shall act in both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, or any of them; or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk, shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer, shall act as Clerk in the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act, or any of them, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

Trustees not

IX. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act coii-to administer tained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize or empow-•‘fVin n er ^ie sa*d Trustees, or any of them, to administer any Oath or Oaths

Accounts. to any Clerk, Treasurer, Collector of the Tolls, Surveyor or other Officer or Officers, now appointed or hereafter to be appointed under or by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, or any of them, for the Purpose of verifying his or their Accounts.

1 oils to be x. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall have paid the sO)a^Ut °nCe full Toll by the said recited Act of the Thirtyminth Year of His said a late Majesty's Reign, authorized to be taken for the passing of any

Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, through the Toll Gates erected or set up upon the said last-mentioned Road by virtue of the said recited Acts, or which may at any Time or Times hereafter be erected and set up upon the same Road by virtue of the said recited Acts or of thi£ Act, such Person shall, upon producing a Note or Ticket denoting the full Payment thereof on that Day, be permitted to pass Toll-free with the same Horse, Cattle, Beast, and Carriage, through the said Toll Gates or any of them at any Time or Times during the same Day, such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night.

•Tickets to be

XI. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Tolls provided by the said recited Acts and this Act granted and continued, the Payment of Collector or Receiver thereof shall, and he is hereby required to Tolls. deliver gratis to the Person paying such Toll, a Note or Ticket denoting such Payment, and which Note or Ticket shall be provided by the said Trustees, and there shall be printed and specified thereon the Name or Names of the Gate or Gates freed by such Payment.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation shall happen to arise, touching or in anywise relating to the Tolls to be collected on the said Road, or the Recovery thereof, the Person or Persons now appointed or hereafter to be appointed to collect

Collectors of Tolls not incompetent Witnesses.

1° GEORGEB I¥. Cap. I 9

lect the said Tolls, or any other Person or Persons, acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of his, her, of their being so appointed to collect the said Tolls, or acting under the Authority of the said Trustees.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case all or any of the To enable Tolls arising by virtue of the said recited Acts or any of them, or of Trustees to this Act, at the Turnpike Gates or Toll Bars now erected or hereafter of°^‘ to be erected upon the said Road, or any of them, shall be demised or Houses, &c. let to farm to any Person or Persons in pursuance of the said recited Acts or any of them, or of this Act, and such Person or Persons sh^ll neglect or refuse to perform the Terms and Conditions of the Demise or Contract by which the same are let to him, her, or them, either by taking a greater or less Toll in respect of any Carriage, Waggon,

Cart, Horse, Beast, or Cattle, than those demised or let to him, her, or them, or in any other Way or Manner; or in case the Rent for which such Tolls shall be demised or let, or any Instalment thereof, shall be in Arrear or unpaid for the Space of Fourteen Days next after any of the Days or Times whereon the same shall become due and ought to be paid, pursuant to such Demise or Contract, and the ToU House or Toll Houses appertaining to such Turnpike Gate or Gates, or Toil Bar or Bars, shall be in the Possession of any such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, or any Person or Persons, by him, her, or them appointed to collect the Tolls thereat; then and in any of the said Cases it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them (if they shall think proper) to vacate and determine such Demise and Contract, giving a Notice in Writing of such their Determination, to such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, by leaving the same at the Toll House or Toll Houses at such respective Turnpike Gate or Turnpike Gates; and such Lease or Contract shall from that Tune be utterly void to all Intents and Purposes (save as to the Covenants for Payment of the Rent to the Day of such Notice being delivered), as if the same had not been made; and in case any such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Fanners, shall not, on Service of such Notice as aforesaid, deliver the Possession of the Toll House or Toll Houses, and the Turnpike Gate or Turnpike Gates, or Toll Bar or Toll Bars, with the Appurtenances, so demised and let to him, her, or them, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the Riding, Liberty, or Place in which such Toll House or Toll Houses,

Turnpike Gate or Turnpike Gates, or Toll Bar or Toll Bars, with the Appurtenances, shall be situate, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to order any Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such Toll House or Toll Houses and Premises in the Day Time, and to remove the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with their Goods, out of such House or Houses, and to put such Person or Persons into the Possession thereof, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them shall appoint.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded Exemptions, or taken for or in respect of any Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or Beast

lLocal.1 C employed

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. i.

employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, Stones, Bricks, Lime, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the same Road, or any of the Roads or public Bridges in the Townships in which any Part of the said Road is situate; or Hay, Grass, Straw, or Corn in the Straw, not sold or disposed of, or passing for that Purpose, but passing to be placed or laid up in the Buildings or on the Premises of the Owners thereof; or for or in respect of any Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or Beast, employed only in carrying or conveying, or going empty or unladen to carry or convey, or returning empty or unladen from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying, any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Compost, or other Manure, to be employed only in Husbandry for manuring, or improving Lands, (and not for Purposes of Trade), or for any other Thing employed in the managing of any Farms or Lands; or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Place, or going to be or returning from being shoed or farried, or from any Person going to or returning from his or her Parochial Church or Chapel, or from any Person going to or returning from his or her usual Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Hearse or Carriage conveying the Corpse, or attending the Funeral of any Person who shall die and be buried in any of the Parishes in which the said Road doth lie; or for any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employedin conveying or returning back from conveying the same; or for any Horse or Carriage attending His Majesty or any of the Royal Family; or for any Horse, Beast, Cattle or Carriage attending any Soldiers on their March or on Duty, or attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, or the Horse or Horses or other Cattle drawing the same, which shall be employed in conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, Commissariat, or other Publick Stores, of, for, or belonging to His Majesty, for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, or returning from attending them on such Occasions; or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise or Review, provided that such Persons are in the Uniforms of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemptions; or for any Horse, Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Passes, or returning from such Employment; or for any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage carrying or conveying any Person, or Persons going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliment for the said County of York, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall 1 begin

11

Owners or Drivers of Waggons in the King’s Service, not subject to Penalties for Overweight.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. i.

begin or be concluded: And if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the same, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this and the said recited Acts; and in all Cases the Proof of Exemption shall lie on the Person claiming the same; which Penalty shall and may be levied and recovered in such and the same Manner as Penalties are directed to be levied and recovered by the said recited Acts, or any or either of them.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or driving or causing to be driven any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, provided for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat or other Public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, shall be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture for Overweight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or for being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen, but it shall be lawful for any Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, to put any Number of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon,

Wain, Cart, or other Carriage; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in this Act contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Tolls may be Five or more of them, at any Meeting to be held for that Purpose, reduced and whereof Ten Days Notice shall be affixed on all the Turnpike Gates raised again, which shall be then erected upon the said last-mentioned Road, shall and may, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time to reduce all or any of the Tolls granted by the said recited Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and to order such Tolls, so reduced, to be collected and received in such Manner,

Parts, and Proportions, and for such Time as they shall think fit, so as such Reduction be made with the Consent of the Person or Persons entitled to Five-sixth Parts of the Money then due on the Credit of the said Tolls, and to raise the same again, or any Part thereof, so as the same do not exceed the respective Tolls by the said last-mentioned Act granted.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Waggons, Carts, and Abatement other Carriages, having the Wheels of the Widths and Descriptions, of T«u in and the Axletrees fixed, as mentioned and set forth in and by an Act cerU, n Cases-passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to enable the Trustees of Turnpike Roads to abate the Tolls on Carriages, and to allow of their ‘ carrying Extra Weights in certain Cases shall be allowed an Abatement of One-fourth Part of the Tolls by the said recited Acts and this Act granted and continued.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Part of the Tolls Tolls not to arising at the Toll Gates now erected or to be erected upon any Part be applied in

r J of rePa’r‘ng t^)C

12 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. i.

Streets of of the said Road, shall be laid out or applied in repairing, amending, jindBorough- m Pag the Town Streets of Wetherby and Boroughbridge, or either bridge. 6 of them.

Toil Collec-

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every Toll Collector thSr*lCesP aPP°‘Bted either by the said Trustees, or by any Lessee or Lessees under them, to collect the Tolls payable at any Turnpike or Toll Gate to be continued or erected upon the said Road, shall, and he is hereby required to place his Christian and Surname, painted on a Board in legible Characters in the Front or on some other conspicuous Part of the Toll House or Toll Gate, immediately upon coming on Duty, each of the Letters of such Name to be at least One Inch in Length, and of a Breadth in proportion, and painted either in White Letters on a Black Ground, or Black Letters on a White Ground, and shall continue the same so placed during the whole Time he shall be Upon such Duty; and if any Collector of the said Tolls shall not place such Board as aforesaid, and keep the same there during the Time aforesaid, or shall demand or take a greater or less Toll from any Person or Persons than he shall be authorized to do by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, or any or either of them, or shall demand and take a Toll from any Person or Persons who shall be exempt from the Payment thereof and claim such Exemption, or shall retilse to permit or suffer, or shall in anywise hinder any Person or Persons from reading such Christian or Surname, or shall refuse to tell his Christian or Surname to any Person or Persons who shall demand the same, on having been paid the said Tolls, or any of them, or shall give a false Name or Names on such Demand, or shall refuse or neglect to deliver a Ticket gratis, denoting the Payment of the Toll, and naming and specifying the Gate or Gates freed by such Payment, or shall make use of any scurrilous or blasphemous Language to any Person or Persons travelling upon the said Road, or shall without sufficient Cause detain or delay any Person or Persons travelling thereon, then and in every such Case every such Collector shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence, as the Justice or Justices before whom the Information shall be laid shall adjudge; and such Penalty shall be levied, recovered, paid, and applied, in such and the same Manner as other Penalties are by the said recited Acts, or any of them, directed to be levied, recovered, paid, and applied.

For settling

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall happen Disputes about the Amount of Tolls due, or the Charges of keeping any Toi°"ning Distress, it shall be lawful for the Collector or Person so distraining,

0 to retain such Distress, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof

[as the Case may happen], until the Amount of the Tolls, or the Charges of the Distress and Sale, and of keeping the Distress [as the Case may happen] be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the Riding, Liberty, or Place wherein the Cause of Dispute shall arise; who, upon Application made to him for that Purpose shall examine the Matter by Oath of the Parties or other Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath such Justice is hereby authorized to administer), and shall determine the Amount of the Tolls due, and shall award such

Costs

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. i. 13

Costs and Charges to either Party, as to the said Justice shall appear right and proper; all which Costs and Charges shall and may be levied and recovered, in case of Non-payment thereof forthwith, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons liable to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting the Costs and Charges of making such Distress and Sale, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and sold.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Mortgagee or Mort- Action of gagees of the said Tolls, Toll Gates, Bars, Chains, Toll Houses

Buildings, shall seek to obtain the Possession of the said Toll Gates, ported by Bars, Chains, Toll Houses, and Buildings, in order to pay himself. One Mort-herself, or themselves the Principal Money and Interest, or any Part Sa»ee-thereof, due to him, her, or them, it shall be competent for him, her, or them, as Lessor or Lessors of the Plaintiff, and upon his, her, or their Demise only, and without uniting in such Demise . the other Mortgagees of the said Tolls and Premises, to obtain such Possession; but such Person or Persons who shall obtain the Possession thereof, shall not apply the Tolls which may consequently be received by him, her, or them, to his, her, or their own exclusive Use and Benefit, but to and for the Use and Benefit of all the Mortgagees of the said Tolls, Toll Gates, Buildings, and Premises, pari passu, and in proportion to the several Sums which may be due to them as such Mortgagees.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees, in diverting, turning, or altering the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Road, to deviate more than One hundred Yards from the present Line or Course of the said Road, without the Consent in Writing of the Owners, or reputed Owners and Occupiers for the Time being of the Lands or Grounds which may be affected by any such Diversion or Alteration.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this or the said recited Acts, or any or either of them contained, shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize the said Trustees in diverting or altering the Line of the said Road, to take or pull down, injure, or damage any Dwelling House or other Building, or to take in or make use of any Orchard, Garden, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, or any Part thereof respectively, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Proprietor thereof first had and obtained.

In altering the Course of the present Road, Trus-

deviate more than 100 Yards from the present

Houses, &c. not to be

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Forgetting Surveyor- or Surveyors of the said Road, and to and for all such Materials to Person or Persons as he or they respectively shall appoint, to search the for, cut, dig, get, gather, and take away any furze, Hentli, Stones, ‘ '

Vravel, Sand, or other Materials for repairing the said Road, out of [Local.] I) or-

14 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. i.

or from any Commons or Waste Grounds, common River, Brook* or Pit, in any Parish, Township, or Place in which any Part of the said Road shall lie, or in any adjoining Parish, Township, or Place, without paying any Thing for the same, the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons acting by his or their Appointment, filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or sloping down the Banks where such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off such Pits or Quarries, so that the same may not be-dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and also that such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, may by Order of any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the Riding, Liberty, or Place in which the said Road doth lie, search for, cut, dig, gather, and take away any such Materials as aforesaid, in, out of, or from the private Lands, Fields, or Grounds of any Person or Persons where the same may be had or found, in any Township, Parish, or Place in which any Part of the said Road shall lie or be situate, or in any adjoining Township, Parish, or Place, (such Lands, Fields, or Grounds not being a Garden or Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House, or any Piece of Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees), making or tendering such Satisfaction for the same, and for any Damages done thereby to the Owners or Occupiers of the Grounds and Premises where and from whence the same shall be cut, dug, gotten, gathered, and carried away, or over which the same or any other Materials for repairing the said Road shall be carried, according to their respective Rights and Interests in such Grounds and Premises, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall deem reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the said Trustees, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners or Occupiers, or any of them, concerning the Value of such Materials and Damages* it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Riding, Liberty, or Place in which the said Road doth lie, on Ten Days Notice in Writing being given by either Party to the other, or left at their respective Places of Abode, to hear, settle, and determine the Matters of such Payment and Damages.

Notice to be

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for given to Oc- any Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons, under the Authority eupiersofm- of the sa^ recited Acts or this Act, to dig, gather, get, take, or before Ma-S’ cari7 away any Materials for repairing the said Road out of or from terials are any inclosed Lands or Grounds, until Ten Days Notice in Writing, taken there- signed by such Surveyor, shall have been given to the Owner or from. Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended

to be taken, or left for such Owner or Occupier at his or her last or usual Place of Residence, to appear before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace acting for the Riding or Place where such Premises shall lie, to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such. Owner or Occupier, or his or her Agent, shall attend pursuant to such Notice, but shall not shew sufficient Cause to the contrary, then

and.

15

I. GEORGII IV. Cap. x.

* nd in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Justice or Justices, by his or their Order or Orders, to authorize such Surveyor or other Person or Persons to dig, get, gather, take, and cany' away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to such Justice or Justices shall seem proper; and if such Owner or Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or herself, or his or her Agent, such Justice or Justices shall and may make such Order therein as he or they shall think fit, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as ii such Owner or Occupier, or his or her Agent, had attended j any thing in the said recited Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Per- Penalty on son whomsoever shall take away any Materials which shall have been

dug or gathered, for the Purpose of repairing or improving the said by\heSur-° Road, or shall get or take away any Materials out of any Pit or veyor. Quarry, which shall have been made, dug, or opened for the Purpose of getting the said Materials, before the said Surveyor oar his Workmen shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Forty Days (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and the Person or Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials for his own private Use only, and not for Sale), every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered, levied, and applied in Manner by the said recited Acts mentioned.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Gates to be hereafter Gates not to placed in any Field or Ground adjoining any Part of the said Road, open or swing shall be made and hung to open and swing inward towards such Field

or Ground, and not outward towards the said Road j and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order all such Gates as are now erected, or may hereafter be erected, and open and swing outward towards the said Road, to be altered and made to open and swing inward, as they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper; and if any Occupier or Occupiers of the Lands upon which any Gate or Gates is or are or shall be constructed so as to open and swing outward towards the said Road, shall (after Ten Days Notice from die Surveyor of the said Road, requiring him, her, or them to alter any such Gate or Gates, and make the same to open and swing inward) refuse or neglect to make such Alteration, or after such Alteration shall have been once made, shall again alter the same, every such Occupier or Occupiers shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be recovered, paid, and applied in Manner directed by the said recited Acts, or any or either of them,

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons For prevented slaughter, burn, or dress any Animal, on or adjoining the said inS Nu‘san-Road, or shall leave or suffer any Horse, Cattle, Sheep, Pig or Beast the to graze or be and remain loose on the said Road, or any Footway or

Patii

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. i.

Path on the Side or Sides thereof; or if any Person shall ride upon any Footway, Causeway, or Path formed upon or to be formed upon or on the Side of the said Road, or shall drive any Horse, Beast, Cattle or Swine, or any Carriage upon, or cause any Damage to be done to any Footway, Causeway or Path; or if any Person shall hale or draw, or cause to be haled or drawn upon any Part of the said Road, any Timber, Stone, or other Thing (otherwise than upon wheeled Carriages), or shall suffer any Timber, Stone, or other Thing which shall be carried upon wheeled Carriages, to drag upon any Part of the said Road to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person driving any Pigs or Swine upon the said Road, shall suffer them to root up or damage the same, or the Hedges or Fences on either Side thereof; or if any Person driving any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, shall ride on the Shafts or other Part of such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or on any of the Horses drawing the same; or if any Person driving or having the Care of any Coach, Chaise, or other such like Carriage, upon the said Road, shall drive the same without holding the Reins; or if any Person driving or having the Care of any Carriage whatsoever, and meeting another Carriage, shall not keep his Carriage on the Left or Near Side of the said Road, and also keep on the same Side himself or herself; or if any Person shall in any other Manner wilfully prevent any other Person or Persons from passing him or her, or any Carriage under his or her Care upon the said Road; or if any Person shall make or assist in making any Fire or Fires, or shall set fire to or let off or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent, or Firework whatsoever, within Sixty Feet of the Centre of the Road, or play at Football or any other Game or Games on the said Road, or on any Part or Parts thereof, or on any Footway or Path belonging thereto, to the Annoyance of any Passenger or Passengers; or if any Person or Persons shall leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage (except in Cases of Accident) upon or on the Side of the said Road, without a proper Person in the Custody or Care thereof, longer than may be necessary to load or unload the same, or shall not place the same during the Time of loading or unloading thereof, as near to the Side of the said Road as conveniently may be, either with or without any Horse or other Beast of Draught harnessed or yoked thereto; or if any Person, after having blocked any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, in going up any Hill or rising Ground, shall leave on the said Road the Stone or other Matter or Thing used in such blocking; or shall scrape off any Soil or other Thing from the said Road or the Side or Sides thereof, or shall take up or carry away any Scrapings thereof without Leave of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors; or if any Person shall lay any Timber, Stones, Hay, Straw, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, upon the said Road, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice of the said Road, or to the Prejudice, Annoyance, or Interruption of any Person or Persons passing or travelling thereon; or if any Person or Persons shall wilfully commit any other Nuisance or Annoyance upon the said Road, or on the Footways or Paths on the Side or Sides thereof; every Person offending in any or either of the Cases

aforesaid.

17

l- GEORGII IV. Cap. i.

aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; to be recovered, levied, and applied in the same Manner as other Penalties are directed to be recovered, levied, and applied.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any 'Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid, for any Lands and .'Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds or upwards, with all convenient Speed he paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, ex parte the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands and Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same Lands and Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands and Hereditaments standing settled therewith to the same or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking effect; and in the meantime, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands and Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and

[Local.'], E belonging

Directing the Application of Money paid for Compensation for Lands, &c.

amounting to £200 or upwards.

Where less than a£’200, and' exceed--ing s£20.

18

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. i.

belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum ot Two hundred Pounds and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General, and to be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Where less

XXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such than 201. Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as last before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

In case of

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or not making Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for outline *, the Purchase of any Lands or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, shall refuse to accept the same, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; or if Persons or in case the Person or Persons to whom any such Sum or Sums of found1 bC Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found; or if the

in ' Person or Persons entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments be not

known or discovered; then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Purchase Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant Money to be General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Batik'1110 tl e Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments sub'ect tr* the (descr‘bing them), subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of U'ller oftLe* t*le sait* Court; which said Court, on the Application of any Person

or

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. i. k19

or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part Court of thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in on

a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the same Court Petition#r shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out or invested in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates,

Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the same is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where where any

any Question shall arise, touching the Title of any Person to any Question Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with silal’anse the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in Title of*anyC pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands or Heredi- Person to any taments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands or Here- Money to be ditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts or ^k‘nttethe of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any pe"so'n £ such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank possession of Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession the Land, &c. of any such Lands or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, jieof

and all Persons 'claiming under such Person or Persons, or under shall be the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken deemed enti-to have been lawfully entitled, to such Lands or Hereditaments, tied thereto, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to pnless *uch the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends

or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, f«l Posses-and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, sion-

and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where The Court of by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Chancery Corporation entitled to any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased orc)e1r under the Authority of the said recited Acts or of this Act, the Expences^f Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Purchases to Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other be l, aid b>' Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance llie Arustees' of the said recited Acts and this Act, it shall be lawful for the said

Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable,

20

Statute

Labour.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. i.

to be paid by the said Trustees, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said .Road, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereto, in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the Riding, Liberty, or Place in which the said Road doth lie, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or by their Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor, by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year he done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, or Places in which the said Road lies; and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer; and in order thereunto, it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township, or Place, to bring Lists before such Justices at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons.), of the Names of the several Persons-who, within such Parish, Township, or Place, are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions as are or maybe directed by any Law or Statute in three or effect for the Repairs of the -public Highways; and out of such Lists the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Haytime or Harvest), and in such Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, or appoint; and the said Justices shall and may order and direct the Persons who by such Lists shall be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the Surveyor or Surveyors of such Parishes, Townships, or Places respectively, to be by him or them paid over to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or 'Times as the said Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment theceof the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the

Goods

21

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. i.

Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said Acts, or any of them, authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers,

Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him* her, or them, be subject and liable to such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons maybe subject or liable to by any Law or Statute now in Force or Effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid, in such and the same Manner as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in any such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false and imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect and pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof, in Manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be levied, recovered, paid, and applied, in such and the same Manner as Penalties are by the said recited Acts, or any or either of them, directed to be levied, recovered, paid, and applied.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Costs, Charges, and por payjn Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, the Expenses shall be paid and discharged by the Trustees for putting the said o{ the Acj. recited Acts and this Act in Execution, or any Five or more of them,

out of the Money which hath arisen by virtue of the said recited Acts, or out of the first Money which shall arise by virtue thereof and of this Act, together with laws ul Interest for the same, from the Time of advancing or disbursing the same.

[Public Act.]

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of

as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence Continuance and take Effect upon the passing thereof; and that the said recited Acts and Term of (subject to the Additions, Alterations, and Amendments in this Act ‘he Act.

[Local."] F contained),

22

1'* GEORGII IV. Cap. i,

contained), and this Act shall continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Residue now to come of the Term granted and continued by the said recited Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, and from the Expiration thereof for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by Geobce Eyre and Andrew StrAhav, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1820.

n

ANNO PRIMO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. ii.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the Road from Knaresborough to Green Hammer-ton, in the County of York.

[6th June 1820.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for repairing the Road from Knaresborough in the County 25 G. 2.C. 53. of York, by Long Flat Lane, Gouldsborough Fields, Flaxby, Allerton Mauleverer, and Scate Moor, to Green Hammerton in the same County, and for making the same a high Carriage Road: And whereas an Act was passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, 11G.3. c. 65. made in the Twenty-fifth Year of His late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Knaresborough in the County York, by Long Flat Lane, Gouldsborough Fields, Flaxby. Allerton Mauleverer, and Scate Moor, to Green Hammerton in the same County, and for making the same a high Carriage Road: And whereas an Act was passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for continuing for Twenty- 39 G. 3. c. 9. one Tears, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two several Acts, the one made and passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Knaresborough in the County of York, by Long Flat Lane, Gouldsborough Fields, Flaxby, Allerton Mauleverer, and Scate Moor, to Green hammerton in the same County,

26

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. ii.

and for making the same a high Carriage Road: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said several Acts, proceeded to put the same in Execution, and did for that Purpose borrow a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls by the said Acts given, granted and made payable, and the said Sum is still due and owing, and cannot be paid off within the subsisting Term of the said Acts, nor can the said Road be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said several recited Acts be further continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof respectively altered, amended, and enlarged but the same cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-The said re- rity of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all and every the Powers, cited Acts Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, tinuecLC°n* Matters, and Things therein contained, (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and such as are varied, altered, or repealed), shall be and continue in1 full Force and Effect, and1 sha’H1 be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, in like Manner and as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Alterations, Variations, and Additions in this Act contained, and which shall commence and take effect immediately from and after the passing of this Act, and continue and be in force during the Term hereinafter mentioned; and this Act and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be subject and liable to the Payment of all the Money now due on the Credit or on Account of the said recited Acts or any of them, or which shall be borrowed on the Credit of them and of this Act, and all the Interest due and to grow due thereon respectively.

Additional

II. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Trustees. Peace, acting in and for the said County of York, together with the Right Honourable Frederick John Robinson, the Honourable Frederick William Robinson, Sir Harry James Goodricke Baronet, John Abbay, William Abbay, Thomas Bar stow, Varley Bealby, John Brewin, William Collins, William Driffield, Thomas Buncombe, Thomas Slings by Buncombe, William Henry Harrison, John Harrison, John Henlock, John Husband Clerk, Henry John lngilby Clerk, Andrew Lawson, John Lee the Younger, Peter Middleton, Isaac Newton, Charles Oxley, Charles Christopher Oxley, Howell Worster Powell Clerk, Edmund Robinson, William Lister Fenton Scott, Thomas Simpson, James Starky, Thomas Kitchinman Staveley, Joseph Beevers Terry, Richard John Thompson, William James Barley Waddilove Clerk, Anthony Watson Clerk, John Far side Watson, George James Watson, and Richard York, shall be and they are hereby added to and joined with the Trustees appointed or elected for putting the said recited Acts in Execution; and that the said Trustees, by and in pursuance of the said recited Acts and of this Act, appointed or to be elected and qualified as in this Act directed, shall be, and they are hereby nominated and appointed Trustees for surveying, ordering, amending, and keeping in repair the said Road, and for otherwise putting the said recited Acts and this Act in Execution.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. 27

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to ap-Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at their first Meeting to be holden

in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, to elect any additional tee8> Number of fit and proper Persons, not exceeding Ten in the whole, to be Trustees for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act; and such Trustees so elected, shall be and are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, as if they had been named and appointed Trustees in or by virtue of this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall Qualification be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of the said recited Acts of Trustees-and this Act, whilst he holds any Place of Profit, or be concerned or interested in any Contract or Contracts under the said recited Acts and this Act, or any or either of them, nor in any Case wherein he shall be personally interested otherwise than as a Creditor; nor shall any Person be qualified to act as a Trustee, unless at the Time of his acting he shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession of and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits issuing out of Freehold or Copyhold Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprizes; or shall be Heir Apparent to some Person having such Estate of the clear yearly Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds, or be possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount of Four thousand Pounds, nor (except in administering the Oath or Affirmation herein-after mentioned), until he shall have taken and subscribed before any Two or more of the said Trustees an Oath (or, being one of the People called Quakers, an Affirmation), in the Words or to the Effect following j (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear, [or, being one of the People called Quakers, do solemnly Oath.

* A affirm,] That I truly and bona fide am in my own Right, [or, in the

* Right of my Wife,] in the actual Possession and Enjoyment of Receipt of Rents and Profits issuing out of Freehold or Copyhold Lands, Tene-‘ ments, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprizes, [or, am possessed of a Personal Estate alone,

4 or Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount of Four thousand Pounds, or, am Heir Apparent of A.B. who, to the best of my Knowledge, is possessed of a Real Estate in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred and fifty

* Pounds]. So help me GOD. ’

And if any Person unqualified by any of the Causes aforesaid, or not being qualified as herein-before mentioned, shall nevertheless presume to act contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall inform or sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and the Person so prosecuted shall prove that he-is so qualified, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor, th$n that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution

of

26

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. ii.

of the said recited Acts and this Act, or any or either of them, any thfng in the said recited Acts to the contrary hereof notwithstanding: Provided nevertheless, that all Acts and Proceedings of any Person or Persons acting as a Trustee or Trustees in the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act, or any or either of them (although not duly qualified) previously to his or their being convicted of the said Offence, shall notwithstanding such Conviction be as good, valid, and effectual as if such Person or Persons had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

Trustees to V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or take Security more of them, shall and they are hereby directed and required to take Treasurer! sufficient Security from the Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Re-Receiver, and ceivers, and Collector or Collectors, already appointed or to be elected Collectors, and appointed by virtue of the said recited Acts and of this Act, or any of them, for the due Execution of their respective Offices.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue or be sued for or concerning any thing to be done by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited Acts or of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk for the Time being; and that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by the Direction of or against the said Trustees, in the Name of their Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk, nor by the Act of such Clerk, without the Consent of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; but that the Clerk for the Time being to the said Trustees shall be deemed to be Plaintiff or Defendant (as the Case may be) in every such Action: Provided always, that every such Clerk in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted or defended, in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid out of the first Money to arise by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, after such Action or Suit shall be commenced or discontinued, all such Costs, Charges, Damages and Expences, as by the Event or in consequence of any such Action, Suit, or Proceeding, he shall bear, pay, expend, or be put unto, or become chargeable with by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

Accounts to

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they be kept of are hereby required, from Time to Time and at all Times during the Con-D^burse ind t*’nuance the sa*d recited Acts and this Act, to order and direct a Book ments which or Ho°hs to be provided and kept by their Clerk for the Time being; in shall be open which Book or Books such Clerk shall enter or cause to be entered, true to thelnspec- and regular Accounts of all Sums of Money received, paid, laid out, and Trustees and exPenc*ed for or on account of the said Road, and of the several Arti-Creditors, cles, Matters, and Things for which such Sums of Money shall have been disbursed, laid out, and paid; which Book or Books shall at all seasonable Times to be open to the Inspection of the said Trustees, or any Creditor or Creditors on the Tolls by the said recited Acts and this Act granted, without Fee or Reward; and the said Trustees and Creditors or any of them shall or may take Copies of or Extracts from the said Book or Books or any Part or Parts thereof, without paying any thing for the same; and in case the said Clerk shall refuse to permit, or shall not permit the said Trustees, or such Creditors, to inspect the same, or to take such Copies or Extracts as aforesaid, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay any Sum of 5 Money

Trustees may sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk.

29

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. ii.

Money not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied, recovered, and applied in Manner by the said recited Acts or any of them mentioned.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person who has been or may be appointed to act as their Clerk in the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act, or any of them, or the Partner of any such Clerk, the Treasurer for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, or any of them; or to continue or appoint the Person who has been or may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, the Clerk, to the said Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, or any of them j and if any Person shall act in both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, or any of themj or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk, shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer shall act as Clerk in the Execution of the said Acts and this Act, or any of them, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize or empower the said Trustees, or any of them, to administer any Oath or Oaths to any Clerk, Treasurer, Collector of the Tolls, Surveyor, or other Officer or Officers now appointed or hereafter to be appointed under or by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, or any or either of them, for the Purpose of verifying his or their Accounts.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall have paid the full Toll by the said recited Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign authorized to be taken for the passing of any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage through the Toll Gate erected or set up upon the said last-mentioned Road by virtue of the said recited Acts, or through any Toll Gate or Toll Gates, which may at any Time or Times hereafter be erected and set up upon the same Road by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, such Person shall, upon producing a Note or Ticket denoting the full Payment thereof on that Day, be permitted to pass Toll-free, with the same Horse, Cattle, Beast, and Carriage, through the said Toll Gate or Toll Gates, at any Time or Times during the same Day, such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night.

XI. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Tolls by the said recited Acts and this Act granted and continued, the Collector or Receiver thereof shall and he is hereby required to deliver gratis to the Person paying such Toll, a Note or Ticket denoting such Payment, and which Note or Ticket shall be provided by the said Trustees, and there shall be printed and specified thereon the Name or Names of the Gate or Gates freed by such Payment.

Clerk restrained from acting as Treasurer, and vice

Trustees not to administer Oaths on verifying Accounts.

Tolls to be paid but once a Day.

Tickets to be provided, denoting the Payment of Toll.

H

30

Collectors of Tolls not. incompetent Witnesses.

To enable Trustees to take Possession of Toll Houses, &c.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. n.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation shall happen to arise, touching or in anywise relating to the Tolls to be collected on the said Road, or the Recovery thereof, the Person or Persons now appointed, or hereafter to be appointed to collect the said 1 oils, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of his or their being so appointed to collect the said Tolls, or acting under the Authority of the said Trustees.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case all or any of the Tolls arising by virtue of the said recited Acts or any of them, or of this Act, at the Turnpike Gates or Toll Bars now erected, or hereafter to be erected upon the said Road, or any of them, shall be demised or let to farm to any Person or Persons in pursuance of the said recited Acts or any of them, or of this Act, and such Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to perform the Terms and Conditions of the Demise or Contract by which the same are let to him, her, or them, either by taking a greater or less Toll in respect of any Carriage, Waggon, Cart, Horse, Beast, or Cattle, than those demised or let to him, her, or them, or in any other Way or Manner; or in case the Rent for which such Tolls shall be demised or let, or any Instalment thereof, shall be in arrear or unpaid for the Space of Fourteen Days next after any of the Days or Times whereon the same shall become due and ought to be paid pursuant to such Demise or Contract, and the Toll House or Toll Houses appertaining to such Turnpike Gate or Gates, or Toll Bar or Bars, shall be in the Possession of any such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, or any Person or Persons by him, her, or them appointed to collect the Tolls thereat, then and in any of the said Cases it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, (if they shall think proper), to vacate and determine such Demise and Contract, giving a Notice in Writing of such their Determination to such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, by leaving the same at the Toll House or Toll Houses, at such respective Turnpike Gate or Turnpike Gates, and such Lease or Contract shall from that Time be utterly void to all Intents and Purposes (save as to the Covenants for Payment of the Rent to the Day of such Notice being delivered), as if the same had not been made; and in case any such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers shall not on Service of such Notice as aforesaid, deliver the Possession of the Toll House or Toll Houses, and the Turnpike Gate or Turnpike Gates, or Toll Bar or Toll Bars, with the Appurtenances, so demised and let to him, her, or them, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the Riding, Liberty, or Place in which such Toll House or Toll Houses, Turnpike Gate or Turnpike Gates, or Toll Bar or Toll Bars, with the Appurtenances, shall be situate, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such Toll House or Toll Houses and Premises in the Day-time, and to remove the Person who shall be found therein, together with their Goods, out of such House or Houses, and to put such Person or Persons into the Possession thereof, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no 'loll shall be demanded or taken for or in respect of any Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or Beast employed

7 in

1* GEORGII IV. Cap. il 31

in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, Stones, Bricks, Lime, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the said Road, or any of the Roads or public Bridges in the Townships in which any Part of the said Road is situate, or Hay, Grass, Straw, or Corn in the Straw, not sold or disposed of, or passing for that Purpose, but passing to be placed or laid up in the Buildings or on the Premises of the Owners thereof; or for or in respect of any Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or Beast employed only in carrying or conveying, or going empty or unladen to carry or convey, or returning empty or unladen from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying, any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Compost, or other Manure to be employed only in Husbandry for manuring or improving Lands (and not for Purposes of Trade) or for any other Thing employed in the managing of any Farms or Lands; or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Place, or going to be or returning from being shoed or farried; or from any Person going to or returning from his or her Parochial Church or Chapel, or from any Person going to or returning from his or her usual Place of religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Hearse or Carriage conveying the Corpse or attending the Funeral of any Person who shall die and be buried in any of the Parishes in which the said Road doth lie; or for any Horse,

Beast, Cattle, or Carriage of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the x\uthority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying or returning back from conveying the same; or for any Horse or Carriage attending His Majesty or any of the Royal Family; or for any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage attending any Soldiers on their March or on Duty, or attending them with their Arms or Baggage, or for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, or the Horse or Horses or other Cattle drawing the same, which shall be employed in conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, Commissariat, or other public Stores of, for, or belonging to His Majesty, for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, or returning from attending them on such Occasions; or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise or Review, provided that such Persons are in the Uniforms of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption; or for any Horse,

Cattle, Waggon, or other Carriage employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Passes, or returning from such Employment; or for any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, carrying or conveying any Person or Persons going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County of York, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled

to

32 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. ii.

to the same, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this and the said recited Acts, and in all Cases the Proof of Exemption shall lie on the Person claiming the same; which Penalty shall and may be levied and recovered in such and the same Manner as Penalties are directed to be levied and recovered by the said recited Acts or any or either of them.

Exemption

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Occupier for the Time r ST °* being of a certain Mill called Goldsborough Mill, or any of his or her rou h Mill Servants, shall not be charged with or liable to pay any of the Tolls or Duties by the said recited Acts or any of them granted, for any Cart, Wain, Waggon, or other Carriage, or any Horse or other Beast employed only in conveying, or going empty or unladen for, or returning empty or unladen after having been employed only in conveying, any Kind of Corn or Grain ground or to be ground at the said Mill.

Owners or

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or driving Drivers of or causing to be driven any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage Waggons in provided for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or conveying any Sendee not Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat, or other public Stores of or subject to belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, shall Penalties for be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture for Overweight in any such Overweight. Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or for being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen j but it shall be lawful for any Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, to put any Number of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Abatement

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Waggons, Carts, and other of Tolls in Carriages, having the Wheels of the Widths and Descriptions, and the certain Cases. Axletrees fixed as mentioned and set forth in and by an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to enable the Trustees of Turnpike Roads to abate the Tolls on Carriages, and to allow of their carrying extra Weights in certain Cases, shall be allowed an Abatement of One-fourth Part of the Tolls by the said recited Acts and this Act granted and continued.

Toils may be

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five reduced and or more of them, at any Meeting to be held for that Purpose, whereof raised again. Ten £)ayS Notice shall be affixed on all the Turnpike Gates which shall be then erected upon the said last-mentioned Road, shall and may and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time to reduce all or any of the Tolls granted by the said recited Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, and to order such Tolls so reduced, to be collected and received in such Manner, Parts and Proportions, and for such Time as they shall think fit, so as such

Reduction

33

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. ii.

Reduction be made with the Consent of the Person or Persons entitled to Five Sixth Parts of the Money then due on the Credit of the said Tolls, and to raise the same again, or any Part thereof, so as the same do not exceed the respective Tolls by the said last-mentioned Act granted.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every Toll Collector, appointed Toll Collec-either by the said Trustees or by any Lessee or Lessees under them, to tors to put up collect the Tolls payable at any Turnpike or Toll Gate to be continued their Names, or erected upon the said Road, shall and he is hereby required to place his Christian and Surname, painted on a Board in legible Characters in the Front or on some other conspicuous Part of the l oll House-or Toll Gate, immediately upon coming on Duty, each of the Letters of such Name to be at least One Inch in Length and of a Breadth in proportion, and painted either in White Letters on a Black Ground, or Black Letters on a White Ground, and shall continue the same so placed during the whole Time he shall be upon such Duty j and if any Collector of the said Tolls shall not place such Board as aforesaid, and keep the same there during the Time aforesaid, or shall demand or take a greater or less Toll from any Person or Persons than he shall be authorized to do by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, or any or either of them, or shall demand and take a Toll from any Person or Persons who shall be exempt from the Payment thereof and claim such Exemption, or shall refuse to permit or suffer or shall in anywise hinder any Person or Persons from reading such Christian or Surname, or shall refuse to tell his Christian or Surname to any Person or Persons who shall demand the same, on having been paid the said Tolls or any of them, or shall give a false Name or Names on such Demand, or shall refuse or neglect to deliver a Ticket gratis, denoting the Payment of the Toll, and naming or specifying the Gate or Gates freed by such Payment, or shall make use of any scurrilous or blasphemous Language to any Person or Persons travelling upon the said Road, orshali without sufficient Cause detain or delay any Person or Persons travelling thereon; then and in every such Case, every such Collector shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence, as the Justice or Justices before whom the Information shall be laid shall adjudge, and such Penalty shall be levied, recovered, paid and applied, in such and the same Manner as other Penalties are by the said recited Acts or any of them directed to be levied, recovered, paid and applied.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall happen For settling about the Amount of lolls due, or the Charges of keeping any Distress, Disputes it shall be lawful for the Collector or Person so distraining, to retain such ^'jern, n§ Distress, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof (as the Case may happen) until the Amount of the Tolls, or the Charges of the Distress and Sale, and of keeping the Distress (as the Case may happen) be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the Riding, Liberty or Place wherein the Cause of Dispute shall arise, who upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the Matter by Oath of the Parties or other Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is hereby authorized to administer) and shall determine the Amount of the Tolls due, and shall [Local.] i award

34

An Action or Ejectment may be supported by One Mortgagee.

In altering the Course of the present Road, Trustees not to deviate more than 100 Yards from the present

Houses, &c.

For getting Materials to repair the Road.

1°< GEORGII IV. Cap. ii

award such Costs and Charges to either Party as to the said Justice shall' appear right and proper; all which Costs and Charges shall and may be levied and recovered, in case of Non-payment thereof, forthwith by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons liable to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting the Costs and Charges of making such Distress and Sale, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and sold.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Mortgagee or Mortgagees of the said Tolls, Toll Gates, Bars, Chains, Toll Houses and Buildings, shall seek to obtain the Possession of the said Toll Gates, Bars, Chains, Toll Houses, and Buildings, in order to pay himself, herself, or themselves, the principal Money and Interest, or any Part thereof, due to him, her, or them, it shall be competent for him, her, or them, as Lessor or Lessors of the Plaintiff, and upon his, her, or their Demise only, and without uniting in such Demise the other Mortgagees of the said Tolls and Premises, to obtain such Possession; but such Person or Persons who shall obtain the Possession thereof, shall not apply the Tolls which may consequently be received by him, her, or them, to his, her, or their own exclusive Use and Benefit, but to and for the Use and Benefit of all the Mortgagees of the said Tolls, Toll Gates, Buildings and Premises, pari passu, and in proportion to the several Sums which may be due to them as such Mortgagees.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees, in diverting, turning, or altering the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Road, to deviate more than One hundred Yards from the present Line or Course of the said Road, without the Consent in Writing of the Owners or reputed Owners and Occupiers for the Time being of the Lands or Grounds which may be affected by any such Diversion or Alteration.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this or the said recited Acts or any or either of them contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorize the said Trustees in diverting or altering the Line of the said Road, to take or pull down, injure or damage, any Dwelling House or other Building, or to take in or make use of any Orchard, Garden, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, or any Part thereof respectively, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Proprietor thereof first had and obtained.

XXIV. And belt further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and to and for all such Person or Persons as he or they respectively shall appoint, to search for, cut, dig, get, gather, and take away any Furze, Heath, Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for repairing the said Road, out of or from any Commons or Waste Grounds, Common River, Brook, or Pit, in any Parish, Township, or Place in which any Part of the said Road shall lie, or in any

3 adjoining

35

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. il

adjoining Parish, Township, or Place, without paying any thing for the same, the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons acting by his or their Appointment, filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or sloping down the Banks where such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off such Pits or Quarries, so that the same may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and also that such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, may, by Order of any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the Riding, Liberty, or Place in which the said Road doth lie, search for, cut, dig, gather, and take away any such Materials as aforesaid, in, out of, or from the private Lands, Fields, or Grounds of any Person or Persons where the same may be had or found, in any Township, Parish, or Place, in which the said Road shall lie or be situate, or in any adjoining Township, Parish, or Place, (such Lands, Fields, or Grounds not being a Garden or Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House, or any Piece of Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees) making or tendering such Satisfaction for the same, and for any Damages done thereby, to the Owners or Occupiers of the Grounds and Premises where and from whence the same shall be cut, dug, gotten, gathered, and carried away, or over which the same or any other Materials for repairing the said Road shall be carried, according to their respective Rights and Interests in such Ground and Premises, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall deem reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the said Trustees, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners or Occupiers, or any of them, concerning the Value of such Materials and Damages, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Riding, Liberty, or Place in which the said Road doth lie, on Ten Days Notice thereof in Writing being given by either Party to the other, or left at their respective Places of Abode, to hear, settle, and determine the Matters of such Payment and Damages.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons, under the Authority of the said recited Acts or this Act, to dig, gather, get, take, or carry away any Materials for repairing the said Road, out of or from any inclosed Lands or Grounds, until Ten Days Notice in Writing, signed by such Surveyor, shall have been given to the Owner or the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Owner or Occupier at his or her last or usual Place of Residence, to appear before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace acting for the Riding or Place where such Premises shall lie, to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Owner or Occupier, or his or her Agent, shall attend pursuant to such Notice, but shall not shew sufficient Cause to the contrary, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Justice or Justices, by his or their Order or Orders, to authorize such Surveyor, or other Person or Persons, to dig, get, gather, take, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to such Justice or Justices shall seem proper; and if such Owner or Occupier shall refuse or neglect to appear by himself or herself, or his or her Agent, such Justice or Justices shall and may make such Order therein as he or they

shaft

Notice to be given to Occupiers of inclosed Lands; before Materials are taken there-

36

Penalty on taking away Materials got by the Surveyor.

Gates not

For prevent-

* ances on the Road.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. ii.

shall think fit, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Owner or Occupier, or his or her Agent, had attended; any thing in the said recited Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person whomsoever shall take away any Materials which shall have been dug or gathered, for the Purpose of repairing or improving the said Road, or shall get or take away any Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which shall have been made, dug, or opened, for the Purpose of getting the said Materials, before the said Surveyor or his Workmen shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Forty Days (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and the Person or Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials for his own private Use only, and not for Sale), every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered, levied, and applied in Manner by the said recited Acts, or any of them mentioned.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Gates to be hereafter placed in any Field or Ground adjoining any Part of the said Road, shall be made and hung to open and swing inward towards such Field or Ground, and not outward towards the said Road; and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order all such Gates as are now erected, or may hereafter be erected, and open and swing outward towards the said Road, to be altered and made to open and swing inwards, as they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper; and if any Occupier or Occupiers of the Lands upon which any Gate or Gates is or are or shall be constructed, so as to open and swing outward towards the said Road shall, after Ten Days Notice from the Surveyor of the said Road requiring him, her, or them to alter any such Gate or Gates, and make the same to open and swing inward, refuse or neglect to make such Alteration, or after such Alteration shall have been once made, shall again alter the same, every such Occupier or Occupiers shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be recovered, paid, and applied in Manner directed by the said recited Acts, or any or either of them.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall slaughter, burn, or dress any Animal on or adjoining the said Road, or shall leave or suffer any Horse, Cattle, Sheep, Pig, or Beast to graze, or be and remain loose on the said Road, or any Footway or Path on the Side or Sides thereof; or if any Person shall ride upon any Footway, Causeway, or Path formed upon, or to be formed upon or on the Side of the said Road, or shall drive any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Swine, or any Carriage upon, or cause any Damage to be done to any Footway, Causeway, or Path; or if any Person shall hale or draw, or cause to be haled or drawn, upon any Part of the said Road, any Timber, Stone, or other Thing (otherwise than upon wheeled Carriages), or shall suffer any Timber, Stone, or other Thing which shall be carried upon wheeled Carriages, to drag upon any Part of the said Road to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person driving any Pigs or Swine upon the said Road, shall suffer them to root up or damage the same, or the Hedges or Fences on either Side thereof j. or if

any

37

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. ii.

any Person driving any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, shall ride on the Shafts or other Part of such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or on any of the Horses drawing the same; or if any Person driving or having the Care of any Coach, Chaise, or other such like Carriage, upon the said Road, shall drive the same without holding the Reins; or if any Person driving or having the Care of any Carriage whatsoever, and meeting another Carriage shall not keep his Carriage on the Left or Near Side of the said Road, and also keep on the same Side himself or herself; or if any Person shall in any other Manner wilfully prevent any other Person or Persons from passing him or her or any Carriage under his or her Care upon the said Road; or if any Person shall make or assist in making any Fire or Fires, or shall set fire to or let off or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent, or Firework whatsoever, within Sixty Feet of the Centre of the Road, or play at Football or any other Game or Games on the said Road, or on any Part or Parts thereof, or on any Footway or Path belonging thereto, to the Annoyance of any Passenger or Passengers; or if any Person or Persons shall leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage (except in Cases of Accident) upon or on the Side of the said Road, without a proper Person in the Custody or Care thereof, longer than may be necessary to load or unload the same, or shall not place the same, during the Time of loading or unloading thereof, as near to the Side of the said Road as conveniently may be, either with or without any Horse or other Beast of Draught harnessed or yoked thereto; or if any Person after having blocked any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, in going up any Hill or rising Ground, shall leave on the said Road the Stone or other Matter or Thing used in such Blocking, or shall scrape off any Soil or other Thing from the said Road, or the Side or Sides thereof, or shall take up or carry away any Scrapings thereof without Leave of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors; or if any Person shall lay any Timber, Stones, Hay, Straw, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever upon the said Road, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice of the said Road, or to the Prejudice, Annoyance, or Interruption of any Person or Persons passing or travelling thereon; or if any Person or Persons shall wilfully commit any other Nuisance or Annoyance upon the said Road, or on the Footways or Paths on the Side or Sides thereof, every Person offending in any or either of the Cases aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered, levied, and applied in the same Manner, as other Penalties are directed to lie recovered, levied, and applied.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands and Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds or upwards, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, to the Intent [Local.~] K that

Directing the Application of Money paid for Compensation for Lands, &c, when

amounting to 2001. or upwards.

38

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. ii.

that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands and Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land-tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same Lands and Hereditaments, or alfecting other Lands and Hereditaments, standing settled therewith to the same or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Lands and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the meantime, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase of Settlement were made.

Where less

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money than 2001. so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands and Hereditaments -eed- purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to Ing any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Inca-

pacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General, and to be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the, Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, as far as the Case be applicable* without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

39

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. ii.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as last before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, shall refuse to accept the same, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; or in case the Person or Persons to whom any such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments {^describing theraTJ, subject to the Order, Controul and Disposition of the said Court; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the same Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Publjp Funds, and to order Distribution thereof or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title, or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable j and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money is and are hereby required tp give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the same is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right or Interest in any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts or of this Act, or to any Batik Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any

Where le*s than 20l.

In case of not making out Titles;

or if the Persons cannot be found;

Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank; subject to the Order of the Court of Chancery on Motion or Petition.

Where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank, the

40

Person in Possession of the Land, &c. at the Time of the Purchase shall be deemed entitled thereto, unless such Possession was a wrongful Possession.

The Court of Chancery

reasonable Expences of Purchases to be paid by the Trustees.

Statute Labour.

P GEORGII IV. Cap. ii.

such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of any such Lands or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase^ and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have keen lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Acts or of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all, Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Road, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the Riding, Liberty, or Place in which the said Road doth lie, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or by their Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor, by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, or Places in which the said Road -lies, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer; and in order thereunto, it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, or Place, to bring Lists before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons), of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township, or Place, are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work Tor that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition

41

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. ii.

position for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repairs of the public Highways; and out of such Lists the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the; Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute W'ork in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times, (not being Haytime or Harvest) and in such Parts of the said Road as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, or appoint; and the said Justices shall and may order and direct the Persons, who by such Lists shall be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the Surveyor or Surveyors of such Parishes, Townships, or Places respectively, to be by him or them paid over to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct $ and in default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said Acts, or any of them, authorized or directed to be recovered j and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute now in force or effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid, in such and the same Manner as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road j all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in any such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false and imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect and pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof, in Manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be levied, recovered, paid, and applied in such and the same Manner as Penalties are by the said recited Acts, or any of them, directed to be levied, recovered, paid, and applied.

[JW] L

42 1° GEORGII IV. Capn.

For paying

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Costs, Charges, and -^x Pences inc*dent to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, shall be paid and discharged by the Trustees for putting the said recited Acts and this Act in Execution, or any Five or more of them, out of the Money which hath arisen by virtue of the said recited Acts, or out of the first Money which shall arise by virtue thereof and of this Act, together with the lawful Interest for the same from the Time of advancing or disbursing the same.

[Public Act.]

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

Continuance

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and and Term of take Effect upon the passing thereof, and that the said recited Acts (sub-the Act. ject t{J tjje Additions, Alterations, and Amendments in this Act contained), and this Act, shall continue and be in force and be executed for and during the Residue now to come of the Term granted and continued by the said recited Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, and from the Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LO N D O N: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Straha n. Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1820,

ANNO PR1MO

GEORGII IV. REGIS-

Cap. iii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His late Majesty King George the Third, for repairing the Road from the Moot Hall, in Wirksworth, to the Turnpike Road leading from Derby to Brassington; and from the said Moot Hall to another Turnpike Road leading from Wirksworth. Moor to Matlock Bath, at or near to the Steeple House in Wirksworth aforesaid, all in the County of Derby.

[6th June 1820.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Moot 33G.3. c.l52. Hall in Wirksworth, to the Turnpike Road leading from Derby to Brassington, at or near to a Place called The Cross in the Hand, on Holland Ward; and also the Road from the said Moot Hall to another Turnpike Road leading from the Cross Post on Wirksworth Moor to Matlock Bath, at or near to a Place called the Steeple House, in the Township of Wirksworth aforesaid, all in the County of Derby: And whereas another Act was passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An 42G. 3. C. 99 Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled ‘ An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Moot Hall, in Wirksworth, to the Turnpike Road leading, [Local.] M *from

46 1" GEORGII IV. Cap. iii.

‘ from Derby to Brassington, at or near to a Place called The Cross c in the Hand, on Hulland Ward j and also the Road from the said ‘ Moot Hall to another Turnpike Road leading from the Cross Post on ‘ Wirksworth Moor to Matlock Bath* at or near to a Place , ca.lied the { Steeple House, in the Township <?/Wirksworth aforesaid, all in the County 1 of Derby And whereas the Trustees acting under and by virtue; of the said recited Acts have made great Progress in the Repair of the said Roads, and for that Purpose have borrowed considerable, Sums of Monsy upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby grafted, which Money still remains due, together with a considerable Arrear of Interest, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads effectually amended, improved, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered, amended, and enlarged, and some of the present Tolls increased:But as the same cannot be done without the Authority of Parliament, may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority Former Acts of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all the Clauses, Powers, further con- Authorities, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and tinued. Things therein respectively contained (except such as are varied, altered, or repealed), shall be and continue in full Force and Effect, and, together with this present Act, shall be put in Execution for the several Purposes thereby and hereby intended, for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually in all Respects, and to all Intents and Purposes* as if the same were expressly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; which said additional Term hereby granted shall and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to- the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls and Duties arising upon the said Roads, and of such other Sum and Sums of Money-as shall hereafter be borrowed for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act, and all Interest due and to grow due thereon respectively.

Additional Ik And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Trustees. Act the several Justices acting In the Commission of the Peace for the County of Derby, and John Andrew, Peter Arkwright, Charles Arkwright, John Arkwright, John Alsop the younger, Luke Alsop, Robert Blackwall tjhe younger, William Bradshaw, Robert Cresswell, Samuel Dean, Major Thomas Gel I, John Cell, Creator ex, Thomas Hall, Stephen Hall,

Nathaniel Ilall, Edmund Hodgkinion, Richard Hurt, Francis Hurt the younger, John Heap, Nathaniel Hill, Edward Hurt, John Hurt, James Hurt, Charles Johnson, James Northdge James, Benjamin Johnson, George De Smith Kelly, George Kelly, William Nuttall, 'Thomas Poyzer, John Poyzer, James Oldham Swettenham, Francis Shaw, Samuel Saint, Samuel Simpson, John Simpson, William Stathdm the younger, Isaac Statham, Thomas Tomlinson, William Taylor, Richard Taylor, Jasper Wager, Daniel Wilson, John Wilson, William White, Charles Wright, William Swymmer Leacroft, and Joseph Wilshaw, together with Ten other Persons, to be named as Trustees at the First or any other Meeting to be holdeii under this Act, and their Successors, shall be and are hereby added to arid joined, with the surviving and remaining Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said recited Acts for putting the said recited Acts and this Act info Execution, and shall have the like Powers far that Purpose

as

47

1* GEOfliJII IV. Cap. ui.

as if they had been named and appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall Quali6cation be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of the said recited Acts of Trustee *, or this Act, unless at the Tipie of his acting he shall be, in his own

Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Freehold or Copyhold, of the clear yearly Value of fine hundred Pounds above Reprizes, or be Heir Apparent of a Person seised of an Estate, Freehold or Copyhold, in Lands-, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds, or be possessed of a Personal Estate to the Amount or Value of Four thousand Pounds; any thing in the said recited Acts contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding:

Provided nevertheless, that all the Acts and Proceedings of any such Person acting, or who shall act in the Execution of the said fecited Acts or this Act, previous to his being convicted of the said Offence, shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act; provided also, that every Person before he acts as a Trustee in the Execution of the said recited Acts, or this Act, shall take and subscribe the following Oath or Affirmation, before any Two or more of the said Trustees, who are hereby empowered to administer the same, in the Form or to the Effect following:

c do swear [or, being one of the People Oath.

* called Quakers, do solemnly declare and affirm], That I am in my own ‘ Right [or, in the Right of my Wife], in the actual Possession or Re-

* ceipt of the Rents and Profits of Freehold [or. Copyhold] Lands,

* Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprizes [or. Heir Apparent of a Person seised of ‘ an Estate of Freehold [or, Copyhold] Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds, ]^£or,

‘ possessed of a Personal Estate of the Amount or Value of Four thoq-

* sand Pounds], \_as the Case may be]; and that I will faithfully and im-

* partially, according to the best of my Judgment, act in the Execution ‘ and Performance of the several Trusts, Powers, and Authorities reposed

* in me as a Trustee, under and by virtue of an Act passed in the First

‘ Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled, [here insert the 1 Title of this Act.'] So help me GOD. ’

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several Tolls now payable Present Tolls upon the said Roads by virtue of the said recited Acts shall, from and to cease and after the passing of this Act, cease and be no longer payable; and that new °"es instead thereof, the following Tolls shall be demanded and taken at each ^aDted* and every of the Toll Gates erected, or to be erected, under the Authority of the said recited Acts, or this Act; (that is to say),

For every Horse, Mule, or other Beast, drawing any Coach, Barouch^,

Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Chaise, Curricle, Caravan, Chair, Gig, or other such Carriage, Hearse, or Litter, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Horse, Mule, or other Beast, drawing any Waggon, Cart, Wain,

Tumbrel, or other such like Carriage, the Wheels whereof shall be of the Breadth of Six Inches or upwards, the Sum of Three-pence$ and of less Breadth than Six Inches, the Sum of Four-pence:

For

48

No more than Two full Tolls to be taken in one Day.

Tickets to be delivered.

For settling Disputes respecting Tolls.

Collectors of Tolls not to be deemed incompetent Witnesses.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. iii.

For every Horse, Mule, or Ass, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the

Sum of One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or other Neat Cattle (Calves excepted), the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any less Number: And,

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, and Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any less Number.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no more than Two full Tolls shall be demanded or taken from any Person or Persons for passing or repassing at any Time or Times in any one Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in one Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night) with the same Horses, Cattle, Beasts, or Carriages, through all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes erected, or to be erected, upon the said Roads; and that all and every Person and Persons having paid such respective Tolls, and producing a Ticket or Tickets denoting the Payment thereof, shall afterwards be allowed to pass or repass during such Day, with the same Horses, Beasts, Cattle, and Carriages, Toll-free, through all such Toll Gates or Turnpikes.

VI. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of any of the Tolls granted and made payable by virtue of this Act, the Collector or Receiver shall and is hereby required to deliver gratis to the Person paying such Toll, a Ticket denoting such Payment, and which Ticket shall be provided by the said Trustees, and there shall be printed and specified thereon the Names of the several or respective Gates which such Ticket shall free, or which ought under the Provisions of this Act to be passed free for one Payment of Toll.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall happen about the Amount of the Tolls due or the Charges of keeping any Distress that may be made under the Powers of the said recited Acts, or this Act, it shall be lawful for the Collector or Person distraining to retain such Distress, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof (as the Case may happen), till the Amount of the Tolls due and the Charges of the Distress and Sale and of keeping the Distress (as the Case may happen), be ascertained by one or more Justice or Justices of the Pence for the County of Derby, who, upon Application made to him or them for that Purpose, shall examine the Matter on the Oath of the Parties or other Witness or Witnesses (if any), and shall determine the Amount of the Tolls due, and shall award such Costs and Charges to either Party, as to the said Justice or Justices shall appear right and proper; all which Costs and Charges shall and may be levied and recovered, in case of Non-payment thereof forthwith, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons directed to pay the same, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices, rendering the Surplus (if any) on demand, after deducting such Costs and Charges and the Costs and Charges of making such Distress, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and sold.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation shall arise, touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls or any of them, or to the Recovery of any of the Penalties by the said recited

49

]• GEORGII IV. Cap. iii.

recited Acts or this Act imposed, no Person or Persons appointed to collect the said Tolls, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall be deemed to be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of his or their being appointed to collect the said Tolls or acting as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Toll Collector, For punisfe-appointed either by the said Trustees, or by any Lessee or Lessees under , nfS them, to collect the Tolls payable at any Turnpike or Toll Gate to be continued or erected by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, or any or either of them, shall and he or she is hereby required to place his or her Christian and Surname, painted on a Board in legible Characters, in the Front or on some other conspicuous Part of the Toll House or Toll Gate, immediately on coming upon Duty, each of the Letters of such Name to be at least One Inch in Length, and of a Breadth in Proportion, and painted either in White Letters on a Black Ground, or Black Letters upon a White Ground, and shall continue the same so placed during the whole Time he or she shall be upon such Duty; and if any Collector of the said Tolls shall not place such Board as aforesaid, and keep the same there during the Time aforesaid, or shall demand or take a greater or less Toll from any Person or Persons than he or she shall be authorized to do by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts or this present Act, or either of them, or shall demand and take a Toll from any Person or Persons who shall be exempt from the Payment thereof, and claim such Exemption, or shall refuse to permit or suffer, or shall in anywise hinder any Person or Persons from reading such Christian or Surname, or shall refuse to tell his or her Christian or Surname to any Person or Persons who shall demand the same, on having been paid the said Tolls or any of them, or shall give a false Name or Names on such Demand, or shall refuse or neglect to deliver a Ticket gratis, denoting the Payment of the Tolls, and naming and specifying the Gate or several Gates freed by such Payment, or make use of any scurrilous or abusive Language to any Person or Persons travelling upon the said Roads, or shall without sufficient Cause detain or delay any Person or Persons travelling thereon, then and in every such Case, every such Collector shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every such Offence, as the Justice or Justices before whom the Information shall be laid shall adjudge; and such Penalty shall be levied, recovered, paid, and applied in such and the same Manner as other Penalties are by the said recited Acts or this Act, or any or either of them, directed to be levied, recovered, paid, and applied.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or Exemption* taken for any Cattle or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying, or from Tolls, in going to carry or convey, or returning empty from carrying or conveying on the same Day, any Stone, Brick, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing the said Roads, or for repairing the Highways in any Township pr Place through which or into which any Part of the said Roads pass, or laden only with Dung, Marie, Soil, or other Manure (Lime excepted) to be used in manuring of Lands or Grounds, or with any Gr^6, Hay, Clover, Fodder of any Sort, Straw, or Corn in the Straw, npt'sold or disposed of or going to be sold or disposed of, but to be laid [Local.'] n up

iO

1* GEORGII IV. Cap. iii.

up in any of the Houses, Out-houses, Yards, Barns, or Premises of any of the respective Inhabitants or Occupiers of Land within the said respective Townships or Places; nor for any Cattle drawing, or going with, or going empty, or returning empty, after being laden only with any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry belonging to any such Inhabitant or Occupier j nor for any Horse or Horses, or other Cattle going to and from Water, Pasture, or Plough, or other Work in Husbandry, upon or in any of the Lands within any of the said several Townships or Places, or going to be or returning from being shoed or farried; and that no Toll shall be taken for any Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, Horse, Mule or Ass, which shall be going unladen or empty for, or which shall be laden with Lead Ore only, or Lapis Cala-minaris only; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken of or from any Rector, Vicar, or Curate, going to or returning from his own Parish Church or other Place of Divine Worship, or visiting his Sick Parishioners, or of or from any Person or Persons in any of the said Townships or Places, or the Township or Place next adjoining, for passing through any of the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes on Sundays, or any other Day on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, to or from his, her, or their proper Parochial Church or Chapel, or other usual Places of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, for the Purpose of attending or returning after having attended Divine Service thereat; or for any Horses or Carriages employed or to be employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, or in returning back from carrying or guarding the same; or any Horses or Carriages attending His Majesty or any of the Royal Family; or for the Horses of Soldiers upon their March or upon Duty, or for Horses, Cattle, or Carriages attending them, or laden only with their Arms or Baggage, or employed in conveying any sick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers; or for any Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage whatsoever, or the Horse or Horses or other Cattle drawing the same, which shall be employed in conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat, or other Public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces •, or for Horses or Carriages travelling with Vagrants sent by legal Passes; or for any Coaches, Berlins, or Landaus, Sociables, Chariots, Curricles, Calashes, Chaises, Phaetons, Whiskeys, Chairs, or other Carriages, or Passengers on Horseback, going to or returning from any Election of any Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Derby, or a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Town of Derby on the Day or Days ol such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and that no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse furnished by or for any Person or Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided that such Persons shall be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have the Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons shall in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the same, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five

Fount

51

P GEORGH IV. Cap. iii.

Pounds, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or driving, Carriage* or causing to be driven, any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, conyeyiqg provided and used only for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or storesnot to conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat, or other Public be subject to Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Penalties for Forces, shall be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture for Overweight; Overweight, nor shall any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, be stopped or c' detained by reason of any Weight in such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or

other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen; but it shall be lawful for any Owner or Driver of any such Waggon,

Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, to put any Number of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in the said recited Acts or this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Waggons, Carts, and other Abatement Carriages having the Wheels of the Widths and Descriptions, and the Axletrees fixed as mentioned and set forth in and by an Act passed in the ccrtaia a8e8‘ Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to

enable the Trustees of Turnpike Roads to abate the Tolls on Carriages, and to allow of their carrying extra Weights in certain Cases, shall be allowed an Abatement of One-fourth Part of the Tolls by this Act granted.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said For reletting Trustees, at any Meeting for letting the said Tolls, shall be entitled to the Toll9v One Bidding for the said Tolls, either by themselves or their Clerk or Treasurer, or other Person by them respectively authorized; and in case

the said Tolls shall be knocked down to the said Trustees or their Appointee, they may then proceed in putting up the said Tolls by Auction for such less Sum of Money as they shall think proper, any thing in any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and the Rent or Money arising by such Letting shall be applied in such Manner as the Tolls under this Act are directed to be applied.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Mortgagee or Mortgagees An Action or of the said Tolls, Toll Gates, Bars, Toll Houses and Buildings, shall Ejectment seek to obtain the Possession of the said Toll Gates, Bars, Toll Houses, ma-v be 8UP* and Buildings, in order to pay himself, herself, or themselves the prin- OnTMort-cipal Money and Interest, or any Part thereof, due to him, her, or them, gagee.

it shall be competent fqr him, her, or them, as Lessor or Lessors of the Plaintiff, and upon his, her, or their Demise only, and without uniting in such Demise the other Mortgagees of the said Tolls and Premises, to obtain such Possession j but such Person or Persons who shall obtain the Possession thereof, shall not apply the Tolls which may consequently be received by him, her, or them, to his, her, or their own exclusive Use and Benefit, but to and for the Use and Benefit of all the Mortgagees of the said Tolls, Toll Gates, Buildings, and Premises, pari passu, and in proportion to the several Sums which may be due to them as such Mortgagees.

52 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. iii.

Accounts to

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they Receipts and aTe ^ere^y required, from Time to Time, and at all Times during the Disburse- Continuance of this Act, to order and direct a Book or Books to be ments, which provided and kept by their Clerk for the Time being, in which Book shall be open or Books such Clerk shall enter or cause to be entered true and regular spection of Accounts of all Sums of Money received, paid, laid out, and expended for Trustees and or on account of the said Roads, and of the several Articles, Matters, and Creditors. Things for which such Sums of Money shall have been disbursed, laid out, and paid, which Book or Books shall at all seasonable Times be open to the Inspection of the said Trustees, or any Creditor or Creditors of the Tolls hereby granted, without Fee or Reward; and that the said Trustees and Creditors, or any of them, shall or may take Copies of or Extracts from the said Book or Books, or any Part or Parts thereof, without paying any thing for the same; and in case the said Clerk shall refuse to permit the said Trustees or such Creditors, or any of them, to inspect the same, or take such Copies or Extracts as aforesaid, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay any Sura of Money not exceeding Five Pounds.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to continue or to appoint the Person who has been or may be appointed to act as their Clerk in the Execution of this Act or the said recited Acts, or the Partner of any such Clerk, the Treasurer for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, or any of them, or to continue or to appoint the Person who has been or may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, the Clerk to the said Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, or any of them; and if any Person shall act in both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, or any of them, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer shall act as Clerk in the Execution of the said Acts and this Act, or any of them, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

Clerk restrained from

Treasurer, g and vice

Road not to

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, in altering

more than* or 'nlProv‘ng any Part of the sa'd Roads under or by virtue of the said

Sne'hundred recited Acts or this Act, shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards Yards. from the present Line, without the Consent and Approbation in Writing of the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, through whose Lands or Grounds such Deviation shall be made.

Repealing

XVIII. And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Clause of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for repair-

Guarantee , A, Hrh:, c 1-- ar._-r if- i r

given to the Trustees of the old Road from Wirksworth by Duffield to Derby; and

Majesty

trig unu •u/iucmng tvc jl\.uuu jrurn tve mie ocoop near we Viortn JLnaoj the Town of Derby, through the Towns of Duffield and Chesterfield in the County of Derby, to the Town of Sheffield in the County of York, and from the said Town of Duffield to the Moot Hall in the Town of Wirksworth in the aid County of Derby:And whereas at the Time of passing the said first recited Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. in. 53

Majesty King George the Third, it was apprehended that when the Roads thereby directed to be repaired were completed, the annual Amount of "^tof20L the Tolls collected under the Powers of the said now recited Act, upon; n ueu there-the Road from the Town of Duffield to the Town of Wirksworth, and of. likewise the annual Surplus of the Tolls collected upon the Road from the Town of Duffield to the Town of Derby (One Fifth Part of which last-mentioned Tolls was by the said now recited Act, and still is applicable towards repairing the said Road from Duffield to Wirksworth), would be diminished; and it was therefore considered reasonable that a Recompence should be made for the same, if such Diminution should happen, for which Purpose it was by the said first recited Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty enacted, that in each and every Year when the Tolls collected upon the said Road from Duffield to fVirks-worth, and the said Fifth Part of the Surplus of the Tolls to be collected between Derby and Duffield (as particularly set forth in the Act now recited) should amount to less than One hundred and forty-five Pounds Seven Shillings and Eleven-pence (which the same had annually produced on an Average of the then last Seven Years), the Treasurer to the Trustees for executing the said first recited Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty should annually pay to the Treasurer of the Trustees under the said now recited Act, so much Money as would make the Produce of such Tolls and Surplus amount to the said Sura of One hundred and forty-five Pounds Seven Shillings and Eleven-pence, to be stated and settled in the Manner directed by the said first recited Act:

And whereas it has been agreed by and between the said respective Trustees, that instead of the before mentioned estimated Sums paid by the Trustees for executing the said first recited Acts to the Trustees under the said now recited Act, the annual Sum of Twenty Pounds shall hereafter be allowed; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the said estimated annual Payment shall cease and be no longer paid or payable, and that instead thereof, the annual Sum of Twenty Pounds shall be paid by the Treasurer to the Trustees for executing the said first recited Acts and this Act, to the Treasurer to the Trustees under the said now recited Act; and in case of Nonpayment thereof, or of any Part thereof, the same shall and may be recovered in such Manner and by the same Ways and Means as were provided by the said first recited Act for the Payment and Recovery of the estimated Sums thereby directed to be paid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to Directions in whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of cases of not any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the making o\it said recited Acts or this Act, shall refuse to accept the same, or shall not T*t*e3' be able to make out a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered; then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tene-[LocalJ] 0 ments

54

Respecting

disputed

Court of Chancery may order Trustees to pay Expen-

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. iii.

ments or Hereditaments [describing them], subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, or to order the Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the same is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or for any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made to appear to the said Court, that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Acts or this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said Acts or this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any

Three

55

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. iii.

Three or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not Notice to be

be lawful for any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, given to the under the Authority of the said recited Acts or this Act, to dig, gather, ocaSenTof get, take, or carry away any Materials for repairing the said Roads or any Lands before Part thereof, out of or from any inclosed Lands or Grounds, until Notice Materials are in Writing, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being, shall taken fcr have been given to the Owner or Occupier of the Premises from which 1 ie

such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Owner or Occupier at their respective usual Places of Residence, to appear before Two

or more Justices of the Peace acting for the said County of Derbyt to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Owners or Occupiers, or any of them, or their or his Agent or Agents, shall not attend, or shall attend in pursuance of such Notice, and shall not shew sufficient Cause to the contrary, then and in either of the said Cases the said Justices shall or may authorize such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, to dig, get, gather, and carry away such Materials at such Time or Times as to the said Justices shall seem proper; and if such Owner or Occupier shall refuse or neglect to appear by himself or herself, or his or her Agent, such Justices shall and may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Owner or Occupier had attended; any thing in the said recited Acts or this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Surveyor Satisfaction or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall make or

tender Satisfaction for the Materials so taken away, and for the Damages ^ages. done thereby, to the Owners or Occupiers of such Lands or Grounds, where and from whence the same shall be cut, dug, gotten, gathered, and carried away, or over which the same or any other Materials for making and repairing the said Roads shall be carried, according to their respective Rights and Interests in such Lands or Grounds, as the said Trustees shall judge reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the said Trustees, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners or Occupiers respectively, or any of them, concerning the Value of such Materials or such Damages, it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where or from whence such Materials shall be so cut, dug, gathered, taken, and carried away, on Application made to them for that Purpose, and Ten Days Notice thereof in Writing being given by either Party to the other, or left at their respective Places of Abode, to hear, settle, and determine such Payment and Damages.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons Respecting who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be Statute chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Roads, or any Part Work’ thereof, shall still remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and

it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Derby, and they are hereby empowered and required (upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the said

Trustees,

56

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. in.

Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor by their Order) yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Townships or Places in which the said Roads lie; and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Township or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees or their Treasurer; and in order thereunto it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Township or Place, to bring in Lists before such Justices ar some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Township or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and out of such Lists such Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads, as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and on such Parts of the said Roads, as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lists shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper to the Surveyor or Surveyors of any such Township or Place, to be by him or them paid to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said recited Acts, or either of them, authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid (after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees) shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Iversons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work upon the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that case every such Person

shall

57

1° GEORGII IV- Cap.m.

shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Townships or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Monies, or any Part thereof, in Manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to For com-and for the said Trustees to compound and agree with any Person or ]^t" or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Statute Work to be by them Work, done on the said Roads, or any Part thereof, and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of and in

all or any of the Townships or Places in which the said Roads are situate, for a certain Sum of Money, by the Year or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the Whole or any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Roads j which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Township, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, in advance, on or before the Tenth Day of October in each and every Year, or otherwise the Inhabitants or Occupiers of such Township or Place shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Gates to be hereafter Gates not to made and placed in any Field or Ground adjoining to any Part of °Pfn °.r the said Roads, shall be so made and hung as to open and swing ^Road* inward into such Field or Ground, and not outward towards the said Roads; and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order all such Gates as are now erected or may hereafter be erected, and open and swing outward towards the said Roads, to be altered and made to open and swing inward as they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper; and if any Occupier or Occupiers of Lands upon which any Gate or Gates is or are or shall be constructed so as to open and swing outward towards the said Roads, shall (after Ten Days Notice from the Surveyor of the said Roads requiring him, her or them to alter such Gate or Gates, and make the same to open and swing inwards) refuse or neglect to make such Alteration, or after such Alteration shall have been once made, shall again alter the same, every such Occupier or Occupiers shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be recovered, paid, and applied in Manner directed by the said recited Acts or this Act, or any or either of them.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Power to the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors, or such other Persons make Foot-as the said Trustees shall appoint, to make Footpaths or Causeways along JJd*PenSt the Side or Sides of the said Roads, and to place Posts, Rails, and Stones, pUn!ng up \_Loc&L~\ P 01" or damaging

58 1° GEORGII IV. Cap.nl

Milestones,

thereon.

or any or either of them, upon or by the Side or Sides thereof; and that if any Person or Persons shall wilfully pull up or damage any Direction or Mile Post or Stone erected or fixed or to be erected or fixed in or near the Side or Sides of the said Turnpike Roads, or shall obliterate or deface any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks inscribed thereon; or if any Person shall suffer any Horse or other Beast or Cattle, Pig, or Swine to graze or stray upon the said Roads, or on the Footpath or on the Side or Sides thereof; or shall ride upon any Footway or Causeway formed upon or on the Side of or adjoining to the said Turnpike Roads; or shall drive any Horse, Beast, or Swine, or any Carriage upon, or cause any Damage to be done to any Footway or Causeway; or if any Person shall cause to be hauled or drawn upon any Part of the said Turnpike Roads any Timber or Stone or other Thing (otherwise than upon wheeled Carriages) or shall suffer any Timber, Stone, or other Thing, which shall be carried upon wheeled Carriages, to drag upon the said Turnpike Roads to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person driving any Pigs or Swine upon the said Turnpike Roads shall suffer them to root up or damage the same, or the Fences on either Side thereof; or if the Driver of any Waggon, Cart, Dray, Sledge or other Carriage, used for the Carriage of Goods or Merchandize, shall ride on the Shafts or other Part of such Waggon, Cart, Dray, Sledge, or other Carriage, or on any of the Horses drawing the same, upon any Part of the said Turnpike Roads; or if any Person driving any Coach, Chaise, or other such Carriage upon the said Turnpike Roads, shall drive the same without holding the Reins; or if any such Person meeting another Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, shall not keep his Carriage on the Left or Near Side of the said Turnpike Roads, and also keep on the same Side himself or herself; or if any Person shall in any other Manner wilfully prevent any other Person or Persons from passing him or her, or any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, under his or her Care upon the said Turnpike Roads; or if any Person shall make or assist in making any Fire or Fires, or set fire to or let off or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent, or Firework whatsoever, upon or within Sixty Feet from the Centre of the Roads, or play at Football or any other Game to the Annoyance of any Passenger or Passengers on any Part of the said Turnpike Roads; or if any Person shall leave any Carriage (except in Cases of Accident) upon or on the Side of the said Turnpike Roads longer than may be necessary so load or unload the same, either with or without any Horse or Beast of Draught harnessed or yoked thereto, or in case such Carriage shall not during such Time be drawn up as near to the Side of the said Roads as conveniently may be; or shall wilfully or negligently lay or scatter any Timber, Stones, Chalk, Marl, Lime, Hay, Straw, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, upon the said Turnpike Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof, between the said Turnpike Roads and the Fences now standing or hereafter to be erected on the Sides thereof; or if any Person after having blocked any Carriage whatsoever in going up any Hill or rising Ground, shall leave on the said Turnpike Roads the Stone or other Thing used in such blocking; or if any Person shall plough, dig, or break up any of the Soil between any Part of the said Turnpike Roads and such Fences as aforesaid, for the Purpose of making Compost or Manure, or otherwise shall scrape off any Soil or other Thing from the said Turnpike Roads or the Sides thereof, or shall take up and

carry

59

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. iii.

carry away any of the Scrapings thereof, without Leave of the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors; every Person so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be recovered and applied in Manner directed by the said recited Acts.

XXVIII. And whereas Offences may be committed against the said re- P°r securing cited Acts and this Act, or any or either of them, by Persons unknown offenders to the Trustees, Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers appointed to put

the said Acts and this Act into Execution, be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any of the said Trustees, Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, and such other Person or Persons as he or they shall call to his or their Assistance, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act, to seize or detain such unknown Person or Persons who shall commit such Offence or Offences, and take him, her, or them before any Justice of the Peace of the County or Place where the Offence shall have been committed; and such Justice is hereby empowered and directed to proceed to the hearing and determining the Complaint.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and for paying Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, the Expences shall be paid and discharged by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of th, s Act of them, out of the first Money which shall arise by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, together with lawful Interest from the Time of advancing or disbursing the same.

[Public Act.]

XXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such

by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted by the said Continuance recited Acts shall, on the passing of this Act, cease and determine; and the and Term of said recited Acts (subject to the Alterations, Variations, and Additions, Act* herein-before contained) and this Act shall from thenceforth commence, continue, and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session

of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1820.

ANNO PR1MO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. iv.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-two, Two Acts, of the Fifty-ninth and Sixtieth Years of His late Majesty, for regulating the Weight and Sale of Bread.

[22d June 1820.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Sixtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to continue, 60 G. 3. c. i. until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, an Act passed in the Fifty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to alter and amend an Act made in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majestyt intituled "An Act to repeal the Acts now in force relating to Bread to be sold " in the City of London, and the Liberties thereof and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange;

" and to prevent the Adulteration of Meal, Flour, and Breads and to " regulate the Weights of Bread within the same Limits and it is expedient that the same should be further continued: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by [Local.] Q the

62

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. iv.

the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this Recited Act present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, turther That the said Act shall be further continued until the Twenty-fourth continue . -Qay of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-two.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1820.

V

ANNO PRIMO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. v.

An Act for repealing an Act of His late Majesty's Reign, for making a Harbour in the Cove of Beer, in the County of Devon, and for granting more effectual Powers for effecting the Purpose aforesaid.

[22d June 1820.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An 32G. 3. C. 92. Act for making a Harbour in the Cove of Beer, in the County of Devon:And whereas the Commissioners named in and appointed by the said recited Act are all dead (except Two) without having elected or appointed any other Persons to act as Commissioners to put the said Act into Execution; and no Meetings have been held, nor any Proceedings had, in order to carry the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act into Execution:And whereas a safe and commodious Harbour for Ships,

Boats, and other Vessels may be made within the said Cove:And whereas the Right Honourable John Lord Rolle is Lord of the Manor of Beer, in the Parish of Seaton and Beery in the said County, and is the Owner or Proprietor of the greater Part of the Lands and Estates within the said Manor and Tithing of Beer: And whereas the completing of the said Harbour would be of great Benefit to all Persons employed in the Coasting Trade, and in the Fisheries carried on at the said Cove, as well as at Brixham and other Places along the Coast of the said County, and for the Inland Trade and Navigation into the adjacent Counties of Dorset and [Local.~\ R Somerset,

66

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. v.

Somersit, and would in other respects be *of great public Utility: And whereas the said Johnhord Rolle is willing and4desirous at his own Expence to complete the said Harbour, on being paid a reasonable Sum of Money, by way of Tonnage, on all Ships, Boats, and Vessels frequenting the said Harbour, apd Duties on Coal, Cfilm, or Cinders, and Corn, Grain, Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes'; but the beneficial Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without' the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act, should be repealed, and that more effectual Powers should be granted for effecting the Purposes aforesaid: May it therefore please Your Majesty-that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s «mo’St Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords 3piritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. Recited Act That the said recited Act, passed in thp Thirty-second Year of the Reign repealed. Qf jjs j^te Majesty King George the Third, shall be and the same is hereby declared to be repeated, and null arid void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and that this Act shall from-and after the passing hereof commence, take place, and be put in Execution instead thereof.

Commission-

II. And be it further enacted, That the Lord of the said Manor of ers ap- geer for the Time being, the Vicar of Seaton and Beer for the Time being, together with William Tucker, Benjamin Bowden Dickinson, Thomas Stevens, William Hanning, and the Reverend John Moore, shall be and are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by Contract or otherwise, to cause a Pier to be erected within the said Cove, in such Place, and of such Construction and Dimensions as they shall think proper, and to make or cause to be made such convenient Ways and Approaches to and from the same as they shall judge necessary, and also to cause to be done such other Works, Matters, and Things as they shall judge necessary or expedient, for the Purpose of making a safe and commodious Harbour within the said Cove; and every Contract to be made for the Purposes aforesaid shall be binding upon the said Commissioners, and also upon the Person or Persons contracting to perform any of the Works aforesaid; and in case any such Works shall not be well and sufficiently done and performed, according to such Contract, the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, may cause an Action to be brought in any of His Majesty's Courts of Law in the Name of any one of them, or of their Clerk or Surveyor, against any such Contractor, either for a specific Performance of such Contract, or for any Penalty contained therein, or for any Damage sustained by reason of the Non-performance thereof.

Power to ap-

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said point addi- Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, at their First Meeting to ber"of Corn- holden in pursuance of this Act, to elect any additional Number of missioners. an^ ProPer Persons, not exceeding Ten in the whole, to be Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act; and such Commissioners so elected shall be and are hereby vested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing this Act, as if they had been named and appointed Commissioners in and by this Act.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. v. 67

IV. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as an^ of the Appointing said Commissioners th^ll die, or remove out of the Counties of Devon, ^ranni* Dorset, or Somerset, or become incapable of acting as Commissioners in

the Execution of this Act, the «urv.iving or remaining Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, -fehall and may at any Time, at a Meeting called for that Purpose, elect and appoint other fit and proper Persons, residing in one of the said Counties of Devon, Dorset, or Somerset, to be Commissioners in the Room of such Commissioners as have died, removed, declined to act, or become incapable of acting for the County where any Vacancy shall happen-j and every Commissioner so elected and apppointed shall have the like Pbwef to act in the Execution of this Act as the Commissioner in whose Room fie shall have been elected and appointed as aforesaid was authorized by this Act jo do; and the said Commissioners, or any Three or more-of. them, shall from Time to Time meet at such Places as they shall think proper for executing the Powers hereby vested in them. Fourteen Days previous Notice of every such Meeting being given in some public Newspaper printed or circulated in the City of Exeter, or in the County of Devon (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted); and the said Commissioners shall at all their Meetings defray their own Expences.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who Qualification shall hereafter be elected and appointed a Commissioner by virtue of this of Commis-Act, shall be capable of acting as such, unless at the Time of his acting he s, oners* shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession and Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, situate within one of the Counties of Devon, Dorset, or Somerset, of the clear yearly Value of Thirty Pounds, being Freehold, or

of the clear yearly Value of Sixty Pounds, being Leasehold, for one or more Life or Lives, or for a Term of Years determinable on a Life or Lives, or shall reside within the said County, and be possessed of or entitled unto a Personal Estate, or Real and Personal Estate together, of the Amount or Value of Two hundred Pounds; and if any Person who shall hereafter be elected and appointed a Commissioner as aforesaid shall act as such in the Execution of this Act, not having such Qualification as aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to any Person who shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt or on the Case, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster j and the Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, upon Proof being made of his having acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act: Provided always, that all Acts and Proceedings of any Person or Persons acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, though not duly qualified as aforesaid, previous to his or their being convicted of the said Offence, shall notwithstanding such Conviction be as good, valid, and effectual as if such Person or Persons had been duly qualified to act as a Commissioner or Commissioners according to the Directions of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Three Commi or more of them, shall and may from Time to Time, by Writing under their ers to ap-Hands, appoint a Treasurer and Clerk, and a Collector of the said Duties, point Officers and also a Surveyor of the said Works, and may from Time to Time remove and enter

all

68

their Proceedings and Accounts.

Accounts to be kept of Receipts and Disbursements, which shall be open

Clerk restrained from acting as Treasurer,

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. v.

all or any of the said Officers at their Will and Pleasure; and out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act shall pay such Salaries or other Allowances to the said Officers, or any other Person or Persons employed in or about the Execution of this Act, as they shall judge reasonable and proper; and the said Commissioners shall and are hereby required to take such Security from every such Treasurer and Collector, for the due Execution of their respective Offices, as they shall think proper; and that all Orders and Proceedings of the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by their said Clerk, and every such Entry being signed by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever; and such Book shall at all seasonable Times be open to the Inspection and Perusal of any Persons being Creditors upon or liable to the Payment of such Duties, paying for such Inspection the Sum of One Shilling; and such Persons may take Copies thereof or Extracts therefrom, paying for such Copies or Extracts after the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to order and direct a Book or Books to be provided and kept by their Clerk for the Time being, in which Book or Books such Clerk shall enter or cause to be entered true and regular Accounts of all Sums of Money received, paid, laid out, and expended for or account of this Act, and of the several Articles, Matters, and Things for which such Sums of Money shall have been disbursed, laid out, and paid, which Book or Books shall at all seasonable Times be open to the Inspection of the said Commissioners, or any Creditor or Creditors on the Duties hereby granted, without Fee or Reward; and the said Commissioners and Creditors, or any of them, shall or may take Copies of or Extracts from the said Book or Books, or any Part or Parts thereof, without paying any thing for the same$ and in case the said Clerk shall refuse to permit or shall not permit the said Commissioners or such Creditors to insped the same, or take such Copies or Extracts as aforesaid, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied and recovered in Manner herein-after mentioned.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners to appoint the Person who may be appointed to act as their Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk, the Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or to appoint the Person who may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, the Clerk to the said Commissioners for executing this Act; and if any Person shall act in both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer shall act as Clerk, in the Execution of this Act, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. v. 69

IX. And for preventing any Injury being done to the said Pier, or to

Ships and other Vessels within the said Harbour, be it further enacted, ^/orksf That any Person to be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, by Writing under their Hands, shall and may and he is hereby authorized and empowered from Time to lime to order and require all Persons having the Care, Command, or Rule of any Ship, Boat, or other Vessel entering into or being within the said Harbour, to lie, anchor, and moor such Ship, Boat, or other Vessel in such Place or Places within the said Harbour, and in such Manner as the Person so appointed shall from Time to Time order and direct, so that no undue Preference shall be given to any Person in the mooring or removing any Ship, Boat, or Vessel upon any Pretence whatsoever; and in case any Person having the Care, Command, or Rule of any such Ship, Boat, or Vessel shall wilfully lie, anchor, or moor any Ship, Boat, or Vessel contrary to the Orders and Directions of the Person so appointed as aforesaid, or if any Person shall empty or throw any Stones, Ballast, Earth or Rubbish, or any other Thing into any Part of the said Harbour, to the Prejudice thereof, every Person offending in any of the Cases aforesaid shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and if any Person (other than the Lord of the said Manor for the Time being) shall take away any Ballast, Shingle, or Stones from the said Harbour, (without the Consent of the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, or their Surveyor), every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

X. And, in order to defray the Expence of building the said Pier, and Power to of doing and performing the several other Works aforesaid, and of maintaining and supporting the same, be it further enacted, That it shall be n laws ul for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose appoint, to ask, demand,

take, and receive from Time to Time, for all Ships, Boats, and other Vessels which shall come into or make use of the said Harbour, or shall lie at Anchor within the Distance of One Mile from the said Pier, and for the Lading thereof, the respective Duties following; (that is to say),

For every such Ship, Boat, or other Vessel, whether laden or unladen, ^ut‘es-belonging to any of His Majesty's Subjects (except Boats employed in the Fishery carried on by the Tenants of the Lord of the Manor of Beer, within the said Tything of Beery or coming into the said Harbour with Fish for Sale), any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings per Ton, according to the Burthen of such Ship, Boat, or other Vessel:

For every Ton of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, (except the Coal,

Culm, qr Cinders bona fide used for the burning of Lime at the Kilns of the aforesaid Lord of the Manor of Beer, and the Stone raised within the said Manor belonging to the Lord of the said Manor) which shall be brought into or carried out of the said Harbour by any Ship, Boat, or other Vessel belonging to any of His Majesty's Subjects, (reckoning for Household Furniture Forty Feet to a Ton), any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings; and by any Ship, Boat, or other Vessel not belonging to any of His Majesty's Subjects, any Sum not exceeding Six Shillings:

For every I^ast of Corn, Grain, or Malt, that shall be brought into or carried out of the said Harbour by any Ship, Boat, or other Vessel belonging tp any of His Majesty's Subjects, any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings; and by any Ship, Boat, or other Vessel not belonging to any of His Majesty's Subjects, any Sum not exceeding Six Shillings:

\LocalJ] S

For

70

For ascertaining the Duties vested in the Commissioners.

1 GEORGII IV. Cap.y.

For every Boat or other Vessel belonging to any of the Tenants of the Lord of the Manor of Beer, and employed solely in the Fishery carried on by the Tenants within the said Manor, not being more than Ten Tons Burthen, any Sum not exceeding One Pound annually, and being of more than Ten Tons Burthen, any Sum not exceeding Two Pounds; and every other Vessel with Fish for Sale, not belonging to any of the Tenants of the Manor of Beer, being not more than Ten Tons Burthen, not exceeding Two Pounds annually j and being of more than Ten Tons, not exceeding Four Pounds per Ton:

And for all Boats and Vessels not belonging to His Majesty's Subjects any Sum not exceeding Double the Sums, according to their Tonnage:

For every Chaldron of Coal, Culm, or Cinders, which shall be brought into the said Harbour, any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings, if not used in burning Lime in the Kilns of the Lord of the Manor as before excepted.

XI. And, for the better ascertaining the said Duties, be it further enacted, That in case any Collector of the said Duties to be appointed by virtue of this Act, and the Master or other Person having Charge or Command of any Ship, Boat, or other Vessel, in respect whereof any of the said Duties are made payable, cannot agree as to the Amount of the Tonnage of such Ship, Boat, or other Vessel, it shall and may be lawful for such Collector, or any other Person authorized so to do by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, at any seasonable Time to enter into such Ship, Boat, or other Vessel, and measure the same in such Manner as he shall think proper; and if any such Master or any other Person shall obstrudt or hinder the measuring any such Ship, Boat, or other Vessel as aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds: Provided always, that the Number of Tons of every Ship, Boat, or Vessel so to be measured as aforesaid, shall be ascertained in the Manner and according to the Directions of an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties herein-before granted shall be and are hereby vested in the said Commissioners for the Time being; and it shall be lawful for any Collector of the said Duties to go on board any Ship, Boat, or other Vessel, in respect of which, or the Lading or Cargo thereof, any of the said Duties are made payable, and to demand, collect, and receive the said Duties; and in case of Nonpayment thereof, upon Demand made on board such Ship, Boat, or other Vessel, or otherwise to take and distrain any such Ship, Boat, or other Vessel, and all the Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture thereunto belonging, or the Lading thereof, or any Part thereof respectively, and the same to detain and keep until full Payment shall be made of the said Duties; and incase of Neglect or Delay in the Payment of any of the said Duties for Five Days after any such Distress made, such Collector may cause such Ship, Boat, or other Vessel, or such Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, or Lading so distrained, or any Part thereof, to be appraised and sold for Payment of the Duties so neglected or delayed to be paid, and for which such Distress shall be so made as aforesaid, rendering to the Master or other Person having the Rule or Command of such Ship, Boat, or Vessel, the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting the reasonable Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

7

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. v.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall happen about the Amount of the said Duties, or the Charges of making, keeping, or selling any Distress, it shall be lawful for the Collector of the said Duties, or the Person so distraining, to retain such Distress, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof (as the Case may happen), until the Amount of the Duties due, and the Charges of the Distress and Sale, and of keeping the Distress, be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Dispute shall happen to arise, who upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the Matter on the Oath of the Parties, or other Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is hereby authorized to administer), and shall determine the Amount of the Duties due, and shall award such Costs and Charges to either Party as to the said Justice shall appear right and proper, all which Costs and Charges shall and may be levied and recovered, in case of Nonpayment thereof forthwith, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties directed to pay the same, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, after deducting the Costs and Charges of making such Distress and Sale, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and sold.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to Ships, Vessels, or Boats belonging to or employed in the Service of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or in the Service of the Customs or Excise, or Post Office, using the said Harbour, or to any of the Officers or Persons employed therein respectively, or in the Service of the Admiralty, Ordnance, or Navy Board, or to any Naval or Ordnance Stores, or other Matters imported into or exported from the said Harbour for the Use of the Navy or Army, or to any Yachts or Pleasure Boats, or other Vessels belonging to His Majesty, or any other Member of the Royal Family, or any Vessel or Boat under the Burthen of Ten Tons employed solely in Fishing, by any Person or Persons whomsoever; nevertheless the Captain or Master of every such Ship, Vessel, or Boat shall be answerable for all Damage done by such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, or by the Mariners or others on board the same, to the Harbour, Wharfs, or Works, or the Machinery or Tackle connected therewith, or to the Shipping therein, with full Costs of Suit.

XV. And, for the more speedy raising Money for the Purposes of this Act, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time to borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Duties herein-before granted, (so that no greater Sum than Twenty thousand Pounds shall be due and owing upon the Credit of the said Duties at any one Time), and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to mortgage or assign over the said Duties, or any Part thereof, to the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Money, as a Security for the Money so to be borrowed, together with Interest for the same; and every such Assignment may be in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

71

For settling Disputes concerning the Duties.

Exemptions for Vessels in His Majesty's Service, and others.

For borrowing Money.

• WE

72

Form of Mortgage.

For transferring Assignments.

Form of Assignment.

Directing how the Money shall be applied.

1° GEORGII IV- Cap.y.

‘ ^/"E, of the Commissioners appointed to put in Exe-

* cution an Act of Parliament, passed in the First Year of the Reign

e of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act, See. [here set forth the ‘ Title of this Act] do by these Presents, by virtue of the said Act, and in consideration of the Sum of advanced and lent to us

‘by A.B. upon the Credit and for the Purposes of the said Act, grant £ and assign unto the said A.B. his Executors, Administrators, and ‘ Assigns, the Duties arising by virtue of the said Act, or such Proportion ‘ thereof as the said Sum of doth or shall bear to the

‘ whole Sum which is or shall be borrowed upon the Credit of the said ‘ Act; to be holden from this Day of until

‘ the said Sum of with Interest at per Centum

‘ per Annum for the same, to be paid Half-yearly, shall be repaid and ‘ satisfied. In witness whereof we have hereunto set our Hands and £ Seals, this Day of in the Year of our

‘ Lord.

And it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons entitled to any of the Securities for the Money borrowed as aforesaid, by Writing under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, indorsed thereon, to transfer the same to any Person or Persons, in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

I A.B. do hereby asssign the within Mortgage, and all my Right and

* A Title in and to the Principal Money, and Interest thereby secured,

‘ unto C.D. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated the ‘ Day of

And a Copy of every Security or Assignment, together with an Extract or Memorial of every Transfer thereof respectively, shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, which Extract or Memorial shall specify and contain the Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money thereby transferred, to which Book any Person interested shall at all reasonable Times have Access, and shall have Liberty to inspect the same without Fee or Reward; and for entering every such Transfer the said Clerk shall be paid by the Person to whom such Transfer shall be made, the Sum of Five Shillings, and no more; and every such Transfer, after Entry thereof as aforesaid, shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit of the Security thereby transferred, without any other Registry or Enrolment thereof whatsoever; and all Persons to whom such Mortgages or Assignments shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, shall be, in proportion to the Sums therein respectively mentioned, Creditors on the said Duties, equally one with another, without any Preference in respect to the Priority of advancing such Money, or the Date* of any such Mortgages or Assignments.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Money arising by the said Duties, and which shall be borrowed on the Credit thereof, shall (after paying thereout the Charges and Expences incurred preparatory to and in obtaining and passing this Act) be applied in defraying the Expences of erecting the said Pier, and supporting and maintaining the same, and doing and performing all such other Works as the said Commissioners, or

any

73

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. v.

any Three or more of them, shall think necessary to be done and performed for rendering the said Cove a safe and commodious Harbour for Ships, Boats, and other Vessels, and in paying the Interest of the Money to be borrowed as aforesaid, and for the several other Purposes of this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to Commissioners, or any Three or more of them (with the Consent of the the Persons entitled to Three-fourth Parts of the Money which for the Uu 166' Time being shall be due and owing upon the Credit of the said Duties) tt reduce and lessen the said Duties by this Act granted, or such of them, or such Part or Parts thereof, as they shall think fit, and for such Time and Times as they shall think proper, and at any Time or Times afterwards to advance and raise the said Duties again, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the respective Sums herein-before granted; and, any such Collector as aforesaid shall have the like Power or levying and recovering the said Duties so reduced and lessened, or advanced again, or any of them, or any Part thereof, as is herein-before given for levying and recovering the Duties herein-before granted; but no Alteration shall at any Time be made in the said Duties, unless Twenty-one Days Notice thereof shall be given Three Times in some Public Newspaper printed or circulated in the City of Exeter, or in the County of Devon.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and For- Recovery of feitures, inflicted or imposed by this Act (the Manner of levying and Fines, For-recovery whereof is not otherwise particularly directed) may in case of Non- Yendties* payment thereof be recovered in a summary Way by the Order and Adjudication of any One Justice of the Peace for the said County of Devon, on Complaint to him for that Purpose exhibited, and afterwards be levied, as well as the Costs of such Proceedings, on Non-payment, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, or Person or Persons liable to pay the same, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, who is hereby authorized and required to summon before him any Witness or Witnesses, and to examine him, her, or them upon Oath of and concerning such Offences, Matters, and Things, and to hear and determine the same, and the Overplus (if any) of the Money so levied or recovered, after discharging the Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture for which such Warrant shall be issued, and the Costs and Expences of recovering and levying the same, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of the Goods or Chattels so seized or distrained; and in case such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid upon Conviction, then it shall be lawful for such Justice to order the Offender or Offenders so convicted to be detained and kept in safe Custody until Return can be conveniently made to such Warrant of Distress, unless the Offender or Offenders shall give sufficient Security, to the Satisfaction of such Justice, for his or their Appearance before such Justice on such Day or Days as shall be appointed for the Return of such Warrant of Distress, such Day or Days not being more than Twenty-one Days from the Time of taking any such Security, and which Security the said Justice is hereby empowered to take, by way of Recognizance or otherwise; but if upon the Return of such Warrant it shall appear that no sufficient Distress can be had thereupon, then it shall be lawful for such Justice, or any other Justice of the {.Local-] t Peace

74

Form of Conviction.

Proceedings

quashed for want of Form.

Distress not unlawful for want of Form.

Allowing an Appeal.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. v.

Peace for the said County, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Gaol of the said County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Term not exceeding Two Calendar Months, unless such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, when so levied (the Application whereof is not otherwise directed) shall be paid to the Treasurer acting under this Act, and be wholly applied to the Purposes of this Act, and to or for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace, before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up according to the Form following; (that is to say),

4 {T3E it remembered, That on the Day of

4 to wit. < in the Year of our Lord is

* convicted before me, One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of [here specify the Offence, and the Time and

4 Place when and where committed, as the Case may bed] Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year first above written. ’

XX. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or other Matter or Thing to be doue or transacted in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed for want of Form only, or removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Irregularity that shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularities may recover Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action on the Case.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves, aggrieved by any thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices at any General Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden for the County or Place where the Cause of Complaint shall arise, and within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, such Appellant first giving or causing to be given Fourteen Days Notice at least in Writing of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners, and within Ten Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, with

5 Two

75

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. v.

Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal at, and abide the Order of, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Session j and the Justices at such Session, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizances, shall hear and determine the Cause and Matter of such Appeal, and award such Costs to the Party appealed against as they shall think proper; and the Determination of such Quarter Session shall be final, binding, and conclusive.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Action shall be brought Limitation against any Person or Persons, for any thing done in pursuance of this of Actions. Act, until Twenty-one Days Notice shall be thereof given to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners, or after a sufficient Tender of Amends

shall have been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Three Calendar Months from the Time the Fact was committed; and every such Action shall be laid or brought in the County where the Cause of Action shall have arisen, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant in every such Action shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to be so done, or such Action shall be commenced after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or without Notice given, or after a sufficient Tender of Amends as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff shall be non-suited, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff, then the Defendant shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

XXIV. And whereas the Lord of the said Manor is entitled to collect Reserving and receive for his own Use several ancient Rates or Dues for all Ships, certain Rates Boats, and Vessels coming into the said Cove oS Beer; be it therefore "otlie Lord6 further enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act shall extend to ofth^Mrnor. take away or lessen the said ancient Rates or Dues payable to the Lord of the said Manor, but that the present and every succeeding Lord of the said Manor shall collect, receive, and take, to and for his own proper Use and Benefit, such ancient Rates or Dues for or in respect of all Ships,

Boats, and other Vessels coming into the said Cove, as he would have been entitled to in case this Act had not been made.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Saving of Act contained shall take away, lessen, or affect any of the Rates or Rights to the Dues which before the passing of this Act were due or payable to the May°r and Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the City of Exeter, for or in respect cf°p monalty of any Ships, Boats, or other Vessels coming into the said Cove of Beer, ° xeter* but that all such Rates and Dues shall remain payable to the said Mayor,

Bailiffs, and Commonalty, in like Manner as they would have been in case this Act had not been made.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as the said Declaring Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall have laid out and he? the

expended Harbour

76 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. v.

shall be com* expended the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds in the Improvement of the

p ete, &. c. saj(j pjer or Harbour, and when and as soon as the same shall be so far completed as to admit or allow Ships or other Vessels of the Burthen of Fifty Tons to load or unload their Cargoes within the said Pier or Harbour with Safety, and when and as soon as the same shall be certified by any Two Justices of the Peace for the said County of Devon, in Writing under their Hands and Seals, to His Majesty's Justices of the Peace assembled at some General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said County, that they the said Two Justices have viewed the said Pier or Harbour, and examined the Accounts of the Sums of Money paid, laid out, and disbursed in making and improving the same, such Accounts having been duly verified before them; and it appearing to them that the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds hath been so laid out as aforesaid, and that the said Pier or Harbour hath been so far completed as to admit Ships and Vessels of the Burthen aforesaid to come within the same, then, from and immediately after such Certificate shall have been delivered to the said Justices at such Sessions, it shall be lawful for the Justices at the said Sessions, if they shall think proper, to make an Order that the said Rates and Duties shall and may be demanded and taken, and thereupon all and every the Rates and Duties by this Act granted shall from thenceforth be demanded and taken accordingly.

Powers of this Act to cease, if Works not completed within a limited Time.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Works hereby authorized to be made and completed shall not have been completed within the Space of Thirty Years from the passing of this Act, then and from thenceforth all the Powers and Authorities given by this Act shall cease and determine, save only as to such or so much of the said Works as shall have been completed within such Time, and save also as to such Matters as shall have been transacted, and such Agreements as shall have been made in pursuance of the Powers by this Act granted.

[Public Act.]

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed

and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1820.

the far of ir.

: ed

ng as. in the Qey uch to out

otn. ANNO PRIMO

ome

shall

viiij

! GEORGII IV. REGIS.

let

fc 00 9 *

: en

his

Cap. vi.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His late Majesty, for the better ied Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hun-

ai dred of Blything, in the County of Suffolk.

1 [22d June 1820.]

HERE AS by an Act made and passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor 4 g, 3. c. 56. in the Hundred of Blything, in the County of Suffolk; and by another Act made and passed in the Thirty-third Year of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for amending an Act made in the Fourth Year of His present 33G. 3. C. 126. Majesty's Reign, intituled ‘ An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Blything, in the County of Suffolk/ and for granting some further Powers and Provisions for carrying the same more effectually into Execution, divers Provisions and Regulations for the Management of the said Poor were enacted, which have been found very beneficial and would be attended with still greater Utility if the same were further extended and enlarged, and the Defects in the said Acts amended:

May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this [Local.] U present

78

The Poor to

be under the Government of the Guardians.

Limitation of Term in binding Poor Children Apprentices.

Power to

borrow Money, not exceeding ^5000.

1° GEORGII IV. Capsi.

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act all poor Persons who now or at any Time hereafter shall belong to any Parish or Place within the said Hundred, and who now are or shall hereafter become chargeable to the same, shall continue and henceforth shall be under the Government and Management of the Guardians incorporated by the said first recited Act, under the Title of the Guardians of the Poor within the Hundred of Bly thing in the County of Suffolk

II. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any poor Child who shall be maintained in the House which has been built in pursuance of the said first recited Act for the Reception of the Poor of the said Hundred shall be bound out Apprentice under the Authority of the said recited Acts or either of them, or of this Act, such Child shall not be bound Apprentice as aforesaid for a less Term than Five Years, except where he or she shall be above the Age of Thirteen Years at the Time of such binding; and that no such Child being a Male shall in any case be bound or continue Apprentice after the Age of Eighteen Years, or being a Female after that Age, or Day of Marriage; any thing in the said recited Acts or either of them contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Directors and acting Guardians appointed or to be appointed under the Authority of the said recited Acts or either of them or of this Act, or any Nine or more of them, whereof Five at the least shall be Directors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered at any Annual or Quarterly Meeting to be held in pursuance of the said Acts or this Act or any of them, to borrow and take up at Interest from Time to Time such Suftl or Sums of Money as they shall think necessary* and to apply the Money so borrowed and taken up for or towards the Expences of repairing, altering, enlarging, or rebuilding either wholly or in part the House of Industry or any Buildings thereto. belonging, erected under the Authority of the said recited Acts or either of them, or of making any additional Building thereto, or in the Purchase of Land for the Use of the Guardians of the Poor within the said Hundred, and their Successors, with or without Buildings thereon, and to give and grant Securities for the same in the like Form and Manner and with the like Powers and Authorities, Rights of Assignment, Provisions, and Conditions, and subject to the same Restrictions in all respects as are contained or expressed in the said recited Acts or either of them in respect of any Sum or Sums of Money which the said Directors and acting Guardians may have heretofore borrowed or have been authorized to borrow under the Authority of the same Acts or either of them:Provided always, that the whole principal Sum which shall at any one Time be due and owing upon the Securities to be made under the Authority of the said recited Acts or either of them or of this Act, shall never exceed the Sum of Five thousand Pounds) and provided further, that the Price of the Land which may be so purchased as aforesaid do not exceed Thirty Years Purchase of the true annual Value thereof; and that the Quantity of such Land, together with the Land now or at the Time belonging to the said Guardians, do not exceed in the whole the Quantity mentioned in the said first recited Act, and which the Directors of the Poor are thereby empowered to purchase.

1° GEORGII IV. CapM. 79

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Allowance Act no Governor, Steward, Matron or Matrons, of the Poor House or *°rln r o°* House of Industry belonging to the said Hundred of Blything, shall at any Matron, out Time be paid or receive, or be entitled to be paid or to receive, any Pro- of Earnings portion of the Profits, or any Sum or Sums of Money or Gratuity whatsoever, for or in respect of the Profits arising to the Corporation from lh(on inue ' the Work which shall be done by the poor People resident in the said House; any thing in the said first mentioned Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Accounts Act the Accounts of the said Directors and acting Guardians for each "JjJ " Quarter of the Year, which by the said first mentioned Act are directed Two Justices: to be settled at their Four General Quarterly Meetings, and from Time to Time to be laid before the Justices of the Peace at the Quarter Sessions to be held at Beccles in and for the County of Suffolk, next after each Quarterly Meeting, to be by the said Justices examined, audited, and finally passed, shall and may be so examined, audited, and finally allowed, passed and signed by any Two Justices of the Peace for the said County, which Allowance shall be as effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same had been allowed by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions in the Manner prescribed by the said Act.

VI. And whereas Inequalities have been found to exist between the Assessment*. Rates of the several Parishes of the said Hundred as originally assessed

upon them by the said Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, and their present respective Expenditures, which Inequalities it is expedient to remedy; be it therefore enacted, That the said Directors and acting Guardians shall and they are hereby required at their Midsummer Quarterly Meeting of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty, or at a Special Meeting to be holden for the Purpose within One Month next after the passing of this Act, (Notice of such Meeting being given as required by the said last recited Act for any Special Meeting), to assess as from the Midsummer of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty, upon every Parish, Hamlet and Place within the said Hundred, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall or may be necessary to be raised for the Clothing, Maintenance and Relief of the Poor of such several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places respectively, whether resident in the said House of Industry or not, and the necessary Expences of the Establishment and Support of the said House of Industry, and for paying off any Money that may be hereafter borrowed by virtue of the said recited Acts ot either of them or this Act, and the Interest thereof in the several Proportions and under the several Regulations herein-after mentioned and prescribed; that is to say, that at the said Midsummer Quarterly Time and Meeting of the said Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty, or at M£nner of such Special Meeting so to be holden as aforesaid as the Case may be, Averse, an Account shall be taken from the Books of the Corporation of the whole Expence which shall have been incurred by each of the said incorporated Parishes for Three Years ending at Lady-day One thousand eight hundred and twenty, both in respect of the Poor belonging to such Parish and maintained in the said House of Industry and of the Establishment itself, and of the necessary Relief of the Poor belonging to such Parish and not resident in the said House during that Period, and the

Amount

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xi.

Amount shall be divided by Three, and the Product resulting therefrom shall be taken and considered to be the Expence which each Parish has annually incurred to the Corporation during the said Period of Three Years, and shall be the Sum, Rate, or Assessment, to be as from the Midsummer of the said Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty, annually levied and raised by Quarterly Payments on each Parish for and towards the Clothing, Maintenance, and Relief of the Poor of the said Parishes respectively, whether resident in the said House of Industry or not, and the necessary Expences of the Establishment and Support or the House of Industry, and all other necessary Expences of the said Corporation, including the Payment of any Money that may have been borrowed under and by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them or this Act, together with the Interest thereof, until another Average shall be taken as herein-after mentioned; which Assessments respectively the said'Directors and acting Guardians, or the major Part of them present at any Quarterly Meeting, are hereby authorized and empowered to increase or diminish as Occasion may require, but only in the Proportions fixed at the aforesaid Midsummer or Special Meeting as the Case may be.

Fresh Aver-

VII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That in case at to bS W^n any subsequent Midsummer Quarterly Meeting to be holden by the said to e ta en. j)jrectors an£j acting Guardians under the Authority of the said Acts or this Act it shall be found, upon an Examination of the Books of the Corporation, that a Variance of One-tenth Part between the Amount of the respective Expenditure or Disbursements of, for, or in respect of any of the said incorporated Parishes for the Year ending the Lady-day preceding, and their respective Assessments for the same Period, shall have arisen, and the Number of those Parishes wherein such Variance shall arise, (whether caused by the whole or any of them exceeding or falling short of their respective Assessments), shall amount to Ten or more in the whole, then and so often as the same shall occur it shall be lawful for the said Directors and acting Guardians, or the major Part of them present at such Midsummer Quarterly Meeting, and they are hereby required forthwith to take a fresh Account of the whole Expence incurred by each of the said incorporated Parishes, to the Corporation, for the Three Years ending at the Lady-day Quarter then next preceding, and the Amount thereof being divided by the Number of Years Three, the result shall be deemed, considered, and taken as the Annual Expence of each Parish during that Period, and shall be the Rate or Assessment to be at and from the said Midsummer Quarterly Meeting, annually levied and raised upon such Parish respectively by Quarterly Payments, for the several Purposes herein-before particularly set forth, until such Variance or Inequality as before-mentioned shall be again found to exist, when Averages shall be again taken in like Manner, and so on from Time to Time as and when the like Causes shall arise, to render fresh Averages necessary j subject, however, at all Times, to such and the like Power as herein-before given to the said Directors and acting Guardians, to increase or diminish such Assessments for the Time being of the said respective Parishes; but nevertheless only in the Proportions which shall have been fixed at the Midsummer Quarterly Meeting at which any such fresh Averages shall have been last taken as aforesaid.

80

Power to increase or diminish Assessments.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. vi.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any of the said incorporated Parishes, Hamlets, or Places, shall think themselves aggrieved by any such Assessment to be hereafter made, then it shall be lawful for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of every such Parish, Hamlet, or Place, and they are hereby required, upon the Request in Writing of the Majority in Value of the Occupiers of Estates within such Parish, Hamlet, or Place (such Value to be ascertained from the Assessment to the Poor Rate in such Parish, Hamlet, or Place), to deliver at the Poor House or House of Industry at Bulcamp at least Twenty-eight Days before the General Quarterly Meeting of the said Directors and acting Guardians, which shall be held next after such Assessment shall be made, a Statement in Writing under the Hands of the said Churchwardens and Overseers or some or one of them, setting forth the Objection or Objections to such Assessment, and thereupon the Directors and acting Guardians assembled at such General Quarterly Meeting as is last mentioned, may and shall and are hereby required to examine into the Grounds of the Objections so made, and to amend or confirm the Assessment objected to as they shall think proper; and in case such Assessment shall be amended, the same shall be signed or allowed before any Warrant be thereafter issued to levy Money under the same, in such or the like Manner as is by the said Act of the Thirty-third Year of His said late Majesty's Reign directed touching the Assessments thereby required to be made:Provided also, that if any such Parish, Hamlet, or Place shall think itself aggrieved by any such amended or confirmed Assessment, then it shall be lawful for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of every such Parish, Hamlet, or Place, and they are hereby required upon Request in Writing of the Majority in Value of the Occupiers of Estates, within such Parish, Hamlet, or Place, (such Value to be ascertained as aforesaid), to appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden at Beccles in and for the County of Suffolk, within Four Months next after such Assessment shall have been so amended or confirmed, which Court shall in their Discretion amend or confirm such Assessment and give such Relief as the Case may require, in such and the same Manner and by such or the like Proceedings, Ways, and Means as are allowed in other Cases by the Laws now in being respecting parochial Assessments for the Relief of the Poor; and the Determination of the said Court shall be altogether binding, final, and conclusive, upon the several Parties interested therein, without any further or other Appeal; and in case on the Hearing of such Appeal, the same shall be allowed and Judgment given in favour of the Appellants, then it shall be lawful for the said Court, and they are hereby required to award to such Appellants their reasonable Costs, which shall be borne and paid by and out of the General Funds of the Corporation; but in case the Assessment appealed against shall be confirmed by the said Court, or the said Appellants shall fail in their said Appeal, then it shall be lawful for the said Court, and they are hereby required to award to the Respondents in such Appeal their reasonable Costs which shall be borne and paid by the said Appellants:Provided always, and it is hereby declared, that the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of every such Parish, Hamlet, or Place, so intending to appeal, shall Twenty-eight Days at least before such General Quarter Sessions of the Peace deliver at the House of Industry at Bui-camp a Notice in Writing of such Appeal j and upon the Hearing of any such Appeal, the said Court of General Quarter Sessions of the Peace {Local J X shall

81

Power given to Parishes to object to Assessments.

Notice of Objections.

Directors, &c. on Objections made, to amend or confirm Assessments. Appeal given to the Sessions against amended or confirmed Assessments.

Determination of Sessions final.

Costs.

Notice of Appeal.

82

Assessment to be raised in the meantime, subject, &c.

Out-relief.

Previous

Meetings.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. vi.

shall not examine or enquire into any Cause of Appeal which was not specified in the Statement of Objections upon which the said Directors and acting Guardians shall have proceeded as aforesaid in amending or confirming the Assessment so appealed against: Provided nevertheless, that the Money which shall be assessed by the Directors and acting Guardians upon any Parish, Hamlet, or Place, which shall think itself aggrieved by any such Assessment, and shall object or appeal thereto as aforesaid, shall be levied and recovered by the Churchwardens and Overseers of such Parish, Hamlet, or Place, in the same Manner and by such and the same Ways and Means, and such Churchwardens and Overseers shall be liable to the same Penalties for Neglect thereof, as if there had not been any Objection or Appeal made to the same; and in case the Assessment so objected to or appealed against shall be found to be erroneous, and the Amount thereof be reduced, then the Surplus Money (if any), which shall have been levied under the same, shall be deemed to be a Payment on Account of the next Rate, and accordingly retained thereout by the Parish, Hamlet, or Place aggrieved by such Assessment.

IX. And whereas the Directors and acting Guardians chosen and acting under the said incorporating Acts have from Time to Time since the passing of the said first recited Act been accustomed to grant in their Discretion, and for limited Periods, pecuniary or other Relief to poor Persons belonging to the said Hundred, but not resident in the said Poor-house, and standing in need of temporary Relief, in preference to receiving such poor Persons into the said House and maintaining them therein, be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may may be lawful for the said Directors and acting Guardians, at any of their General Quarterly or Weekly Meetings, to continue to grant and allow to any poor Person applying for or standing in need of Relief on account of Sickness or otherwise, such pecuniary or other Assistance in the Nature of Out-relief as the Necessity of the Case shall appear to require.

X. And whereas ever since the passing of the said first-mentioned Act, a Meeting called the Previous Meeting has been customarily held at the said Poor-house in the Week next preceding each Quarterly Meeting at which the Directors and acting Guardians of the then current Quarter ought to attend to examine the Accounts and order the Payment of Bills due from the Corporation; and it is important that such Meeting should at all Times be regularly and fully attended; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Twelve Directors and acting Guardians acting respectively for each Quarter shall, and they are hereby required to attend, at the Meeting called the Previous Meeting, in their respective Quarters, in order to examine the Accounts and order Payments of all Bills and Demands due from the Corporation, and to transact the other Business of such Meeting; and in case there shall not be present at any such Meeting Five Directors and acting Guardians together, whereof Three at least shall be Directors, every Director who ought to have attended and shall be absent, shall, for every such Absence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings; and every acting Guardian who ought to have attended, and shall be absent, shall for every such Absence forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Director and acting Guardian, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One Justice of the Peace for the said County of

Suffolk,

83

1° GEORGII IV, Cap.'A

Suffolk, and such Forfeiture shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said Guardians, and added by him to the Common Stock for the Use of the Poor.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions contained in this Act shall, in the Execution of the said recited Acts, be used, applied, and continued as if the same Provisions were specifically enacted in the said recited Acts; and all the Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Exemptions (save and except Exemptions from Stamp Duties), Matters and Things contained in or prescribed by the said recited Acts, and not varied, altered, or repealed, shall be of full Force and Effect, and extend to this Act, and to the several Assessments, Matters and Things herein contained or mentioned, or hereby authorized to be laid and imposed; and that the said recited Acts and the several Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Exemptions, Matters and Things therein respectively contained (except as aforesaid, and except such as are varied, altered, or repealed), shall be and continue in full Force, and shall be applied and extended to and incorporated, construed, and executed with this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same were severally and respectively herein repeated and re-enacted.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act shall be paid by the Treasurer out of the Funds of the said Corporation, and shall be deemed Part of their General Expences.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

Provisions of iornier Acts extended to this Act.

Expences of the Act to be paid.

[Public Act.]

LONDON: Printed by George Eyee and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1820.

ANNO PRIMO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. vii.

An Act for regulating the Repairs of the Bridges in the County of Montgomery.

[22d June 1820.]

WHEREAS the Inhabitants of divers of the Hundreds, Parishes,

Townships, Towns, and Districts, within the County of Montgomery, have been accustomed to repair and amend, and have from Time to Time repaired and amended the Bridges and Roads at the Ends thereof, situate within the same Hundreds, Parishes, Townships, Towns, and Districts; and Doubts have arisen how far the other Inhabitants of the said County are liable to contribute to the same: And whereas it has been found that the said Repairs have been, in many Instances, done in a very imperfect Manner, and by reason thereof divers of the said Bridges are become and are ruinous and unsafe: And whereas if the same were repaired by the Inhabitants of the said County, as Bridges commonly called County Bridges are repaired, they might be kept in a more perfect State, and rendered more commodious for Passengers than they now are, or can be, unless the Mode of repairing the same is regulated: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all Cases in which the Inhabitants of any Notice to be Hundred, Parish, Township, Town, or District, within the said County, given to have usually repaired the Bridges, or any of them, or any Part or Magistrates Portion thereof, situate within the same Hundred, Parish, Town, or fejr1, M r District

86 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. vil

tuan to repair District respectively, it shall and may be lawful for the major Part or more Bridges or ^e ^habitants, being Owners or Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within such Hundred, Parish, Township, Town, or District, assessed or contributing to the County Rate, assembled in pursuance of a Notice, which shall be affixed for Two previous Sundays upon each and every Parish Church Door of the same Hundred, Parish, Township, Town, or District, and once in some Newspaper usually in Circulation in the said County, to give a Notice or Notices in Writing, signed by themselves, or any other Person or Persons duly authorized by them or any of them, to the Magistrates assembled at any Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County, that they are desirous that any one or more of such Bridges, or any such Part or Portion as aforesaid, within such Hundred, Parish, Township, Town, or District, shall be thereafter kept in Repair as a County Bridge, by the Inhabitants of the said County, which said Notice shall be lodged with the Clerk of the Peace Three Days at least before such Quarter Sessions; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the Court assembled at such Quarter Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, or any subsequent Quarter Sessions, within a convenient Time after the Receipt of any such Notice as aforesaid, to direct, by an Order in Writing, the Surveyor of the Bridges in the said County for the Time being, or any other Person or Persons to be by the said Court nominated and appointed, to examine the State and Condition of any such Bridges or Bridge, or Part or Portion as aforesaid, together with the Roads at the Ends of such Bridges or Bridge, respecting which such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, and thereupon such Surveyor, Court of or other Person or Persons, shall, as soon as conveniently may be, Quarter Ses- examine and survey the State and Condition of such Bridges or Bridge, ^rectTsur- and the Roads at the Ends thereof, or Part or Portion as aforesaid, and vey to be shall calculate and ascertain what Sum of Money will, in the Judgment made of any Qf such Surveyor, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, be sufficient to repair, rebuild, keep, and maintain such Bridges or Bridge, or Part or Portion as aforesaid, and Roads, in a State ot good and substantial Repair for Twenty-five Years next after making such Survey and Examination as aforesaid; and thereupon such Surveyor, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to report upon Oath to the Court assembled at the next or any subsequent Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County aforesaid (which Oath the said Court is hereby empowered to administer), what Sum of Money will, in the Judgment of such Surveyor, or other Person or Persons in that Behalf aforesaid, be sufficient for the Purpose aforesaid; and thereupon the Court Quarter Ses- assembled at the said Quarter Sessions at which such Report is made, or ereTtoorder" case 11 S^1 a4joum the Consideration of the same, or shall make no alum suffi- Order thereupon, the Court assembled at any other Quarter Sessions of cient to repair the Peace for the County aforesaid, shall and may, and it is hereby autho-any Bridge or rized and required, by an Order in Writing, to direct at what Period, or berilevied° ^y w^at Instalments, or how otherwise, such Sum so reported as aforesaid shall be paid by the Inhabitants of the said Hundred, Parish, Township, Town, or District, in which such Bridges or Bridge, or Part or Portion, are or is situate; which said Sum, so reported as aforesaid, shall in manner herein-after mentioned, be levied and raised upon the Inhabitants of such Hundred, Parish, Township, Town, or District, at such Period and by such Instalments as the said Court shall have directed and appointed by its aforesaid Order, and in such Manner as the Rates for the Repair of

any

87

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. vu.

any County Bridges in the County aforesaid are or shall be collected, levied, or raised; and such Sum, when so levied and raised, shall be paid to the Treasurer for the said County for the Time being, and be applicable to such Purposes as the Rates commonly called County Rates are applicable within the said County.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the making of the said Order by the said Magistrates, directing at what Period, or by what Instalments, or how otherwise, such Sum so reported as aforesaid shall be paid, every such Bridge or Bridges, or Part or Portion as aforesaid, and Roads, shall be repairable by the Inhabitants of the said County, as County Bridges or a County Bridge, and shall be in every respect whatsoever subject to the same Laws, and the Roads at the Ends or End thereof shall be repairable and repaired, as if the same had been immemorially a County Bridge or County Bridges; and any Indictment, Presentment, or Process whatsoever, relating to or respecting any such Bridges or Bridge, or Roads, or any or either of them, may be in all respects the same as if such Bridges or Bridge had been immemorial ly County Bridges or a County Bridge.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That immediately after the making the said Order by the said Court, directing at what Period, or by what Instalment, or how otherwise, such Sum so reported as aforesaid shall be paid, the said Order shall be filed with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County for the Time being, and he is hereby required to file the same, for which said filing no more than the Sum of One Shilling shall be taken, and a Copy thereof, signed by the Clerk of the Peace for the Time being, shall be delivered to the Treasurer of the County for the Time being •, and any Copy of the said Order, signed as aforesaid, shall in all Cases whatsoever be conclusive Evidence that the Provisions of this Act have been fully complied with, and that any such Bridges or Bridge, or Part or Portion as aforesaid, to which any such Order relates, and the Roads aforesaid, are and is repairable by the Inhabitants of the said County, and are or is in all respects a County Bridge or County Bridges; and no Part of any Proceedings had or taken under or by virtue of this Act, or intended so to be, shall be removed or removable into any other Court by any Writ of Certiorari or other Writ or Process whatsoever; and in any Indictment, Information, Presentment, or Proceeding whatsoever, relating to the State or Condition of such Bridges or Bridge, or Part or Portion thereof, the Defendants may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution, all and every such Sum or Sums as shall be so reported and ordered as aforesaid, shall, as and when the same or any Part or Parcel or Instalment thereof shall be due and payable, be levied and recovered in such and the like Manner as any Rates, commonly called County Rates or Assessments within the said County, can be levied or recovered.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Treasurer of the said County for the Time being, and he is hereby authorized and required, to pay and discharge all

the

Bridges to be

County

Bridges.

The Order of the Magistrates for raising Money to be filed with the Clerk of the Peace.

Recovery of Sums re-

Costs of Act.

88; 1° GEORGII IV. Cap.yii.

the Costs, Charges, and Expences attending or relating to the passing of this Act, which shall be allowed and deemed reasonable by any Three or more Magistrates of the County aforesaid, and signified so to be by any Writing under their Hands, out of any Monies in the Hands, Custody, or Possession of such Treasurer as Treasurer as aforesaid, at the Time of the passing of this Act, or out of the first such Money as shall after that Time come to his Hands, Custody, or Possession, as Treasurer as aforesaid *

VI. And whereas owing to the Smallness or Poverty of several of the Districts hitherto liable to the Repairs of the present subsisting Bridges within the County aforesaid, many of such Bridges are composed of Timber, built on insufficient Foundations, or inconveniently situated:And whereas it would be highly desirable that Bridges of other and different Materials should be built, in the Room of such Bridges, in more convenient Places, and where more adequate Foundations can be found:And whereas by the existing Laws no Bridge can be removed more than Two hundred Yards from its present Scite; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any such Bridges or Bridge within the County aforesaid are or is composed, in the whole or in part, of Timber, or (in the Opinion and Judgment of the Magistrates assembled at any of their Quarter Sessions) built on insufficient Foundations, or inconveniently situated as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Magistrates to order and direct the same to be taken down, and a County Bridge or County Bridges in the Lieu or Stead thereof to be rebuilt on any new Scite or Situation more convenient to the Public, contiguous to or within Five hundred Yards of the former one, of such Materials as to such Magistrates shall seem meet.

[Public Act.]

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

For removing Situations of Bridges, &c.

LONDON: Printers

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1820.

ANNO PRIMO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. viii.

An Act for lighting with Gas the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford.

[22d June 1820.]

WHEREAS the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, is a large and populous Place, and it would be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants thereof, and to the Public at large, if the Streets and other public Passages and Places therein were better lighted: And whereas Inflammable Air, Gas, Coke, Oil, Tar,

Pitch, Asphaltum, Ammoniacal Liquor and Essential Oil, may be procured from Coal and other Substances: And whereas the said Inflammable Air or Gas, being conveyed by Means of Pipes, may be safely and beneficially used for lighting the several Streets, Highways, Squares, Market Places, and other Places within the said Town, and for lighting Shops, private Houses and Buildings, and the Coke may be beneficially employed as 'Fuel in private Houses and Manufactories, and the said Oil, Tar, Pitch, Asphaltum, Anunoniacal Liquor and Essential Oil, may be used and applied in various Ways with great Advantage: And whereas the several Persons herein-after named are willing and desirous at their own Costs and Charges to effect the several Purposes aforesaid, but such beneficial Purposes cannot be carried fully and completely into Execution without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Thomas Allen, William Beetlestone, IVII- Company’s c, : [Local.'] z Ham Names.

90 1" GEORGII IV. Cap. viii.

Ham Briscoe, John Crowley, William Clarke, William Chrees, John Dixon, Phillips Deakin, Isaiah Danks, Richard Fryer, the Reverend John Fisher, William Forster, William Fregleton, Joseph Thomas Gritton, John Green, Henry Hordern, James Heape, Benjamin Hicklin, Mary Hurdd, William Beetlestone Homer, Thomas Harley, Jane Jones, John Lea, Francis Lockley, Benjamin Par ton Mauder, John Moreton, James Olarenjhaw, George Pountney, William Parkes, Harry Parkes, James Peard, William Ready, William Rytoii, Thomas Savage, Thomas Savage junior, William Savage, Joseph Smart, Benjamin Shaw, John Shaw, William Smith, William Hanbury Sparrow, Francis Stuart, Thomas Spencer, Joseph Tarratt, Thomas Timmins, George Tompson, Dorothy Tooth, John Tooth, John Underhill, Randle Walker, Benjamin Walton, William Warner, William Ward, Thomas Higgs Ward, Elizabeth Wright, John Weaver, and Christopher Wood, and all and every such other Person or Persons as from Time to Time shall become a Subscriber or Subscribers, or be duly admitted Members into their Company, and their respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall be and they are hereby declared to be one Body Their Style Politic and Corporate by the Name of The Wolverhampton Gas Light and Powers. Company, and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, and by that Name shall and may sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded, at Law or in Equity, and shall and may prefer and prosecute any Bill or Bills of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall commit any Felony, Misdemeanor, or other Offence indictable by the Laws of this Realm; and the said Company of Proprietors shall be est ablished for the Purpose of producing Inflammable Air, Gas, Coke, Oil, lar. Pitch, Asphaltum, Ammoniacal Liquor, and Essential Oil, from Coal or any other Materials, and shall have full Power from Time to Time to enter into and make any Contracts, or agree with the Commissioners for carrying into Execution an Act passed in the Fifty-fourth Year 54G. 3. C. 106. of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for improving the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, and for removing and regulating the Markets in the said Town; or with any other Commissioners or Trustees having the Controul, Direction, or Management of the lighting of the said Town, or with any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, Collegiate, or Ecclesiastical, or Corporation or Corporations Aggregate or Sole, who may be willing and desirous of contracting or agreeing with the said Company of Proprietors (and who are hereby empowered to contract with the said Company), for the lighting of such Town, and of the Public Streets, Roads, Squares, Market Places, Churches, Public Buildings, Places of public Exhibition, Manufactories, Shops, Inns, Taverns, and other Buildings and private Houses, or any of them, within the said Town, and to sell and dispose of such Coke, Oil, Tar, Pitch, Asphaltum, Ammoniacal Liquor, Essential Oil, and other Products as aforesaid. II.

II. And be it further enacted, That in order to enable the said Company to construct or make Gasometers, and other necessary Works, and to erect any Manufactory or Manufactories, or other Buildings for the Purposes of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee of Management, and they are hereby empowered, to treat, contract, and agree with any Body Politic, Corporate, Collegiate, or Ecclesiastical, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or any Tenant or Tenants for Life or in Fee Tail General or Special, Lessees 10 for

Power to

corn 1 act for the nr. has? of Land and Building*.

91

I" GEORGII IV. Cap. viii.

for Life or Lives, or for Years determinable on a Life or Lives, or with any Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees for Lunatics and Idiots, or other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of the Person or Persons in Remainder or Reversion expectant on the Estate or Estates existing for the Time being, and also for and on Behalf of their respective Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity of acting for himself, herself, or themselves, and also to and for all Femes Covert seised or possessed of or interested in their own Right, such Body or Bodies or other Person or Persons respectively being seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the said Town, which the said Company or their Committee of Management for the Time being shall deem necessary or expedient for the Purposes of this Act, not exceeding in the whole Five Acres, and also with all and every other Person and Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the absolute Purchase of the same Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, in Fee Simple, or for the Purchase of his, her, or their Estate,

Right, and Interest in the same, for the Uses and Purposes of this Act; and also that it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic,

Corporate, Collegiate, or Ecclesiastical, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, Lessees for Life or Lives, or for Years determinable on a Life or Lives, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees for Lunatics and Idiots, and other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of the Person or Persons in Remainder or Reversion expectant on the Estate or Estates existing for the Time being, and also for and on Behalf of their respective Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, or Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons under any Disability of acting for himself, herself, or themselves, and also to and for all Femes Covert seised, possessed of, or interested in their own Right, such Body or Bodies or other Person or Persons respectively being seised, possessed of, or interested in any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as aforesaid, and to and for all and every other Person and Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to treat, contract, and agree with the said Company for the absolute Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof, in Fee Simple, or for his, her, or their Estate,

Right, and Interest therein, and to sell and convey the same, or any Part thereof, and all, and every or any such Estate, Right, Title, or Interest whatsoever, of, in, and to the same, to the said Company of Proprietors for the Purposes of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Contracts, Bargains, and Sales AH Contracts which shall b6 so made by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, shall be made bX , vir* good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, not only to convey Act^hall be the Estate and Interest of the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons convey- good and ing, but also to convey all Right, Estate, Interest, Use, Property, Claim, va, id-and Demand whatsoever, of their said several and respective Cestuique Trusts, and all Persons whomsoever claiming or to claim by, from, or

under

92

Lands, &c.

vested in Company on Payment of Purchase

Application of Purchase Money when

200I. and upwards.

1° GEORGII IV. Cffp.viii.

under them, and of all Persons entitled in Remainder or Reversion expectant on any such existing Estate, and the same shall be deemed and considered to bar the Dower and Dowers of such Person and Persons, and all Estates Tail and other Estates in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, and the Issue and Issues of such Person and Persons claiming under them, as effectually as Fines or common Recoveries would do it levied or suffered by the proper Parties in due Form of Law, any Law, Statute, or Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, Collegiate, or Ecclesiastical, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Tenants for Life or in Fee Tail General or Special, Lessees for Life or Lives, or for Years determinable on a Life or Lives, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, and all and every other Persons so contracting and conve) ing, is and are and shall be hereby indemnified for what he, she, and they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Purchase Money for any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to the Parties or Persons respectively entitled thereto, or upon Payment thereof into the Bank of England in Manner by this Act directed (as the Case may be), and upon taking such Conveyance as aforesaid, such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments may be taken and used for the Purposes of this Act; and from thenceforth all Parries and Persons whomsoever, or the Party or Person who shall have sold only his, her, or their own Estate and Interest therein (as the Case may be), shall be divested of all Right and Title, Claim, Remainder, or Reversion in and to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and the same Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments shall vest in the said Wolverhampton Gas Light Company; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to hold such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and all and every or any Term, Right, and Interest therein so purchased, without incurring or being subject or liable to any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain, or of any other Law or Statute whatsoever.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be contracted and agreed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate, Collegiate, or Ecclesiastical, Tenant for Life or in Tail, Lessee for Life or Lives, or for Years determinable on a Life or Lives, Trustee, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte The Wolverhampton Gas Light Company, together with the Name or Names of such Body or Bodies, Person or Persons as any Three or more of the Committee of Management of the said Company shall, by Writing signed by them, direct and appoint, to the Intent that such Money may be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who

would

93

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. vin.

would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments standing and being settled therewith to the same or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under and with the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be taken or used for the Purposes of this Act, stood and were settled and limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the meantime, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said High Court of Chancery, upon Application made thereto as aforesaid, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to 'Lime be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were then actually made.

Vf. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so When less contracted and agreed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- than 200I. ments, to be purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and ?nd exceed-belonging to any Body Politic, Corporate, Collegiate, or Ecclesiastical, ing aol‘ Tenant for Life or in Tail, Lessee for Life or Lives, or for Years determinable on a Life or Lives-, Trustee, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, ’ shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in Cases of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be named by the Person or Persons making such Option, 2nd approved by Three or more of the said Committee of Management, such Nomination and Approbation to be signified by Writing under the Hands of the nominating or approving Parties, in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends to arise thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the . [Local.] A a Case

94

When not exceeding 2 oh

In case of disputed Titles Money to be paid into the Bank.

Expences of Purchases may be allowed by the Court.

Resale of Lands not

1° GEORGII IV. Cap.yiii.

Case shall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said High Court of Chancery.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where any such Money so contracted and agreed to be paid as last before mentioned shall not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Committee of Management or any Three or more of them shall think fit j or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, and Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Company of Proprietors, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

X. And whereas the said Company under the Provisions of this Act may purchase Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which may be found

11 unnecessary

95

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. viii.

unnecessary or not wanted for the Purposes thereof; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company to sell and dispose of, and by Indenture or Indentures under their Common Seal to grant and convey by way of absolute Sale in Fee Simple, or for all their Estate, Term, and Interest therein, for a Consideration in Money, all or any Part or Parts of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which may have been so purchased, and which shall not be wanted for the Purposes of this Act; and upon Payment of the Money which shall arise by or from the Sale or Sales of such Lands. Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Part or Parts thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the Treasurer for the Time being to the said Company to sign and give a Receipt or Receipts for the Money for which the same shall be sold, which Receipt or Receipts shall be sufficient Discharges to any Person or Persons for the Money therein and thereby expressed or acknowledged to be received; and such Person or Persons having bona fide paid the same, shall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication, or Nonapplication of such Purchase Money, or any Part thereof.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Capital or Joint Stock of the said Company, to be applied and used in establishing and carrying on the Undertaking and the Purposes aforesaid, shall be the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds Sterling:Provided always, that the said Company shall not be authorized to exercise any of the Powers granted by this Act, until such Time as the Sum of Six thousand five hundred Pounds shall have been subscribed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons by or for whom any Subscription shall be made or accepted, or any Payment made pursuant to the Order of any General Meeting or Meetings to be held by the said Company for that Purpose, for or towards the raising of the said Capital Sum of Ten thousand Pounds as aforesaid, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns respectively (no Subscription being less than the Sum of Twenty Pounds), shall have and be entitled to a Share of and in the said Capital Joint Stock of the said Company, in proportion to the Monies which he, she, or they shall have so contributed towards making up the same, and shall have and be entitled to a proportionable Share of the Profits and Advantages attending the Capital Stock of the said Company, and shall be admitted to be a Proprietor or Proprietors of and in the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds shall be divided into Shares of Twenty Pounds each, and no Person or Persons shall be a Subscriber or Subscribers for a less Sum than Twenty Pounds, or hold more than Forty Shares; and all Shares in the said Undertaking, and in the net Profits and Advantages thereof, shall be deemed Personal Estate and not of the Nature of Real Property, and as such Personal Estate shall be transmissible accordingly.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the aforesaid Sum of Ten thousand Pounds shall be found insufficient for making, completing, and maintaining the said Undertaking, and defraying all necessary Charges relating thereto, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Company ot

Proprietors

Capital Stock io, ooool.

Subscribers to share in the Stock in

to their Subscriptions.

Stock to be divided into Shares of 20I. each, and be Personal Estate.

Power to raise a further Sum of Money if . necessary by Subscriptions.

96 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xiii.

Proprietors and Subscribers to raise and contribute amongst themselves, irt such Shares and Proportions as to them shall seem meet, or by the Admission of new Subscribers, any further or other Sum of Money for completing and perfecting the said Undertaking, not exceeding the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, in the like Shares as aforesaid; and every Subscriber towards raising such further Sum of Money shall be a Proprietor in the said Undertaking to the Amount of such Shares, and shall have a like Vote for himself or herself, or his or her Proxy, in respect of every Share in the said additional Sum so to be raised, and shall also be liable to such Forfeitures, and stand interested in all the Profits and Powers of the said Undertaking, in proportion to the Sum he, she, or they shall or may subscribe thereunto, as generally and-extensively to all Intents and Purposes, as if such further or other Sum hereby allowed to be subscribed for or raised had been originally Part of the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

To compel

XV. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons who have

Payment of subscribed for and towards the said Undertaking, or who shall at any

tionsCnP" Time hereafter have or hold any Share or Shares in the same, shall and they are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums of Money by them respectively subscribed for, or such Parts or Portions thereof as shall from Time to Time be called for pursuant to or by virtue of the Powers and Directions of this Act, at such Times and Places, to such Person or Persons, and in' such Manner as shall be ordered and directed by the Committee of Management herein-after mentioned; and in case any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay any such Money at such Times and in such Manner as shall be ordered and direcred by the Committee of Management as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Company to sue for and recover the same, together with lawful Interest for the same from such appointed Time of Payment, from such Person or Persons; or in Cases where Two or more Persons shall have jointly subscribed for or be jointly possessed of any One Share in the said Undertaking, then from all, any, or either of such Persons.

Name* of

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Company, or the Corn-Proprietors mittee of Management to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall and andcSti- are kereby required to cause the Names and Additions of the several

ticate of their Persons who have subscribed for or may at any Time hereafter be Shares deli- entitled to a Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, with the Number vered to Gf such Share or Shares, and also the proper Number by which every

them. Share shall be distinguished, to be fairly and distinctly entered in a Book

to be kept by their Clerk; and after such Entry a Certificate with the Seal of the said Corporation thereto shall be delivered to every Proprietor upon Demand, specifying the Share or Shares to which he or she is entitled in the said Undertaking; and such Certificate shall be admitted in all Courts whatsoever as Evidence of the Title of such Proprietor, his or her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, lo the Share or Shares therein specified; but the Want of such Certificate shall not hinder or prevent the Owner from selling or disposing thereof.

For ascer-

XVII. And whereas in case any original Holder or Proprietor of one

taming the or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall die, become-

Insolvent

1° GEORGII IV. Cap.rm.

Insolvent or Bankrupt, or go out of the Kingdom, or shall transfer his or her Right and Interest to some other Person, and no Register shall have been made of the Transfer thereof with the Clerk to the said Company, it may not be in the Power of the said Company, or any Officer acting for the said Company, to learn who is or are Owner or Proprietor or Owners or Proprietors of such Share or Shares, in order to give him, her, or them, or his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, Notice or Notices of Calls to be made on such Share or Shares, and to maintain any Action or Actions, Suit, or other Proceeding against him, her, or them, or his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, for the Recovery of the same, or for the Purpose of safely paying to him, her, or them, or his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, the Interest or Dividends to which he, she, or they may be entitled by virtue thereof; be it therefore further enacted, That in all Cases where the Right and Property in one or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall pass from the Original Subscriber or Subscribers, or any Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, to any other Person or Persons by any other legal Means than by a Transfer or Conveyance thereof, in the Form and Manner herein-after specified, an Affidavit shall be made and sworn to by Two credible Persons before a Master or Master Extraordinary of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery, or one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Stafford, stating the Manner in which such Share or Shares hath or have passed to such other Person or Persons, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns; and such Affidavit shall be delivered to the Clerk of the said Company, to the Intent that he may enter and register the Name or Names of every such other Proprietor or Proprietors in the Register Book or List of Subscribers and Proprietors to the said Undertaking, to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Company; and in all or any of the said Cases, after Fourteen Days Notice in Writing shall have been given by the said Clerk to the Owner or Owners thereof, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place of Abode, to pay his, her, or their Proportion of Money so to be called for, and such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall not have paid such his, her, or their Proportion as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Subscribers and Proprietors at any General Meeting after the Expiration of such Notice to declare the same Share or Shares to be forfeited, and in such Case the same shall be and become forfeited, and shall and may be sold and disposed of in such Manner as the said Subscribers or Proprietors at any Meeting or Meetings shall direct.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the several and respective Proprietors of the said Undertaking, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, to sell and transfer any Share or Shares of which they shall respectively be possessed, and every such Transfer shall be in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

of in Consideration of

‘ paid to me by of do hereby bargain,

‘ sell, assign, and transfer to the said the Sum of

Capital Stock of and in the Undertaking called The Wolverhampton Gas W B b Light

97

Proprietors of Shares in certain Cases.

Share# may be trans-

Form of Transfer, '

98

Transfer to be registered.

No Share to he sold after a Call till the Money i *

First Committee of Management.

First Committee to serve Two

Years, and subsequent Committees.

F GEORGII IV. Cap. viii.

* Light Company, being my Share (or Shares) No. in the said Under *

taking, to hold to the said Executors, Administrators, and

* Assigns, subject to the same Rules, Orders, and Restrictions, and on

6 the same Conditions as I held the same immediately before the Execu-‘ tion hereof; and I the said do hereby agree to take and

e accept the said Share, subject to the same Rules, Orders, Re-

c strictions, and Conditions, as witness our Hands and Seals, this

* Day of One thousand eight hundred and

And every such Transfer shall be registered in the Books of the said Company by an Entry of the Date, Names of the Parties, and the Number of Shares transferred, for which Entry or Registry the Sum of Five Shillings, and no more, shall be paid to the Clerk or other Officer making the same, and a Copy of such Register, signed by the Clerk or other such Officer of the said Company, shall be sufficient Evidence of every such Sale and Transfer, and shall be received as such in all Disputes and in all Trials before any Court, and by all Judges, Justices, and others in the United Kingdom; and until such Transfer shall be entered or registered in the Books of the said Company as aforesaid, no Purchaser or Purchasers of any Share or Shares, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall have any Part or Share in the said Undertaking, or in the Profits and Advantages thereof, nor receive any Interest or Dividend for or in respect of such Share or Shares so purchased, nor be entitled to vote at any Meeting or Meetings as Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Undertaking.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That after a Call for Money shall be made by virtue of this Act, no Person or Persons shall sell or transfer any Share or Shares which he or they shall possess in the said Undertaking after the Day appointed for the Payment of the said Call, until the Money so called for in respect of his, her, or their Share or Shares intended to be sold shall be paid, and until such Money so called for shall be paid, any such Sale or Transfer of any Share or Shares shall be void.

XX. And be it further enacted, That Richard Fryer, Thomas Savage, Thomas Timmins, Thomas Higgs Ward, James Heape, Phillips Deakin, and William Parkes, shall be and they are hereby constituted and appointed the Committee of Management for managing the Affairs of the said Company.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons hereby nominated, constituted, and appointed the Committee of Management, shall continue in Office, and be respectively Members of the said Committee of Management, for the Term of Two Years from the passing of this Act, and until others or another shall be appointed in their or any of their Stead in pursuance of this Act, and at the Expiration of the said Term, and also at the Expiration of every succeeding Year thereafter, a fresh Committee of Seven Members shall, in Manner herein-after mentioned, be elected and appointed out of the Proprietors of Shares in the said Undertaking (not possessing less than Five Shares each), to be the Committee of Management for managing the Affairs of the said Company, who shall continue in their respective Offices for the Space of One Year, to be computed

99

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. viii.

computed from the Day of Election, or until others or another shall be duly elected into their or any of their Places.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Vacancy Vacancies in or Vacancies in the said Committee by Death, Resignation, or becoming how to*" disqualified, may and shall be filled up at any Special Meeting or Meetings bee fiu°ed up> to be called for that Purpose in Manner aforesaid, and the Person or Persons so to be chosen to fill such Vacancy or Vacancies shall continue in his or their several and respective Office or Offices as long as the Person or Persons in whose Place or Stead he was elected would have continued in Office.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person Committee hereby nominated, or who shall be elected a Member of the said Com- ^tin^or mittee of Management, shall hold any Office or Employment under the \Vo.-kfo°r said Company, or be or become a Dealer, either directly or indirectly, cease to have in any one of the Articles to be provided or manufactured by the said a Voice in Company, and shall offer to take and succeed in taking, or shall parti-

cipate in any Manner in any Work to be done for, or Contract to be entered into with the said Company, every such Person shall cease to be a Member of the said Committee of Management; and if any Person hereby nominated or to be appointed by virtue of this Act a Member of the said Committee shall at any Time cease to be a Proprietor of Five Shares in the said Undertaking, or shall refuse or neglect to attend any Five successive Meetings of the said Committee, every such Person shall be thereby disqualified from acting or voting at such Committee, and shall cease to be a Member thereof: Provided always, that in case it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the said Committee that such Person shall have been prevented from attending such Five successive Meetings by Illness or Absence from Home, then and in such Case he shall not be disqualified from being a Member of the Committee by reason of such Illness or Absence.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee of Management shall and may hold their First Meeting within Three Weeks next after the passing of this Act, at such Place within the said Town of Wolverhampton as they shall think proper, and shall have full Power and Authority to adjourn such First Meeting, and again to meet and adjourn from Time to Time and from Place to Place, as they shall think fit; and all Questions, Matters, and Things which shall be proposed, discussed or considered by the said Committee of Management at any of their Meetings, shall be decided and determined by the Majority in Number of Members present (the Number present not being less than Three); and in case of an equal Number of Votes upon any Question, including the Vote of the Chairman for the Time being, such Chairman shall have the decisive and casting Vote; and if on the Day appointed for any Meeting of the said Committee Three Members qualified to vote shall not attend, then and in such Case the Meeting shall be adjourned till the next Day, if not a Sunday, and if the next Day should be a Sunday, then to the Monday following, by the Member or Members then present, or if none be present, by the Clerk of the said Company, or such other Person as shall attend in his Place; and any Two or more Members of the Committee may at any Time when they shall think fit call a Meeting

Meetings of the Committee, and Regulations for their Pro-

100

Power of Committee.

Proceedings to be entered

Same Person not to act as Clerk and Treasurer.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. viii.

of the Committee by Notice in Writing, signed by such Two or more Members, to be sent by Post or otherwise to the Residence or Address of every Member of such Committee.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Committee of Management for the Time being shall have the Custody of the Common Seal of the said Company, and shall have full Power and Authority to meet and adjourn from Time to Time and from Place to Place as aforesaid, and also at any Time to call Special General Meetings of the said Company for any Purpose they may think proper, and to appoint the Time and Place of holding Special General Meetings, and to direct the Affairs and Business of the said Undertaking, as well in issuing, receiving, and laying out and disposing of all Sums of Money to be issued or received, laid out or disposed of for the Purposes of the same, as in contracting for and purchasing Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Materials, Goods, and Chattels for the Use of the said Undertaking, and entering into Contracts or Agreements with the Commissioners appointed or to be appointed by virtue of the said recited Act, and all other Person and Persons whomsoever, for lighting the said Town of Wolverhampton, or any of such Streets, Market Places, Churches, Public Buildings, Warehouses, Shops, Inns, Taverns, and other Buildings as aforesaid, and in nominating, electing, appointing, placing, or displacing any Treasurer, Clerk, Engineer, Agent, or Servant of the Company, with such Salaries, Gratuities, or other Recompence, as to the said Committee shall seem proper; and in ordering, directing, and employing the Works and Workmen, and in selling and disposing of all Articles produced as aforesaid, and in making, enforcing, and rescinding all Contracts and Bargains touching or in anywise concerning the same, subject to such Orders, Bye-Laws, Rules, and Regulations as shall at any Time be duly made by the said Company, in restraint, controul, or regulation of the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to the said Committee.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Company of Proprietors, and of the Committee of Management, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and such Orders and Proceedings so entered and signed by the Clerk or Clerks of the said Company of Proprietors, or by the Chairman of each respective Meeting, shall be deemed and taken to be original Orders and Proceedings, and shall be allowed to be read in Evidence in all Courts and Places whatsoever.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Company, or the said Committee of Management, to appoint the Person who may be appointed to act as their Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk, the Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or to appoint the Person who may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, the Clerk to the said Company; and if any Person shall act in both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of such Treasurer shall act as Clerk in the Execution of this Act, every Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered

101

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. vm.

vered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer or Treasurers Treaiurer

to be appointed by the said Company shall not issue any Sum or Sums of to »«ue Money on account of the said Company without an Order or Orders in ou°ar^Order" Writing, signed by the Chairman of the said Committee of Management for from the the Time being, and Two other Members at the least of the said Committee Committee present at some Meeting of the said Committee of Management. ment3"366 '

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Com- Committee mittee shall have full Power and Authority to make such Call or Calls tomakeCalls, for Money from the several Proprietors of the said Undertaking, their agd^"nt on* Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, as such Committee Shares to be of Management shall from Time to Time find wanting and necessary for forfeited, the Purposes of the said Undertaking, so that no one such Call do exceed

the Sum of Five Pounds for or in respect of any one Share of Twenty Pounds, and so that no Call or Calls be made but at the Distance of Two Calendar Months at least from each other; and that the Sum or several Sums of Money so to be called for shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Company for the Time being at such Time and Place as shall be appointed by such Committee, of which Time and Place Twenty-one Days Notice at least shall be given in such Manner as the said Committee of Management shall direct or appoint in that Behalf; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their Proportion of the Money so to be called for during the Space of Two Calendar Months next after the Time appointed for Payment thereof, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company, at some General or Special General Meeting to be held after such Neglect or Refusal, to declare all and every or any of the Share or Shares of such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid to be forfeited, and from thenceforth the said Share or Shares so declared to be forfeited shall and may be sold and disposed of as herein-after directed concerning forfeited Shares:Provided always, that no Share or No Share to Shares of and in the said Undertaking shall be forfeited until Notice shall be forfeited have been published in The London Gazette, and the Wolverhampton un^‘j. Chronicle, or some other Newspaper circulated in Wolverhampton aforesaid. The London Thirty Days at least before the holding of such General or Special General Gazette and Meeting, in which Notice shall be contained a Statement and Account Provincial of how much Money is due from such Person or Persons for such Call New, PaPer-or Calls in respect of his, her, or their Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, exclusive of the Interest thereon; and no such Share or Shares shall be forfeited, if the Owner or Owners or such Share or Shares shall before the holding of such General or Special General Meeting pay what shall be due thereon for such Call or Calls as aforesaid, and legal Interest for the same, and all the Expences attending the Application for and advertising of the same as aforesaid.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That when any Share or Shares of Company the said Undertaking shall by virtue of this Act have become forfeited, ^’J^l'share* then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said which sliaU

[Local."] C c Company, b«<om *

102 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. vui.

vested in Company, or their Committee for the Time being, and they are hereby

them by authorized and empowered from Time to Time to sell or cause to be sold

Owners not by public Auction or private Contract, and by Writing under the Corn-

paying the mon Seal of the Company to assign and transfer such and so many of

Calls thereon, the Share or Shares of such Defaulter or Defaulters a> the said Company or their Committee shall from Time to Time find necessary and direct to be sold unto such Person or Persons as shall become the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns; and such Assignments and Transfers shall be good, valid, and effectual against the Owner or Owners of every such Share or Shares so forfeited and sold as aforesaid, and all Persons claiming under him, her, or them:Provided always, that in case the Money produced by the Sale of any such Share or Shares shall be more than sufficient to pay all such Arrears of Calls as aforesaid, and legal Interest thereon, and the Expences attending the Sale or Sales thereof, the Surplus arising from such Sale or Sales shall be paid to the Person or Persons to whom such Share or Shares shall have belonged on Demand: Provided also, that the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee, shall not by virtue of this Act sell or transfer or direct to be sold or transferred any more of such Shares of such Defaulter or Defaulters than shall be sufficient as near as may be at the Time of such Sale to pay the Arrears due by such Defaulter or Defaulters for or on account of such Call or Calls, and the Interest and Expences attending the same; and from and after Payment of all and every the Call or Calls so made or to be made by virtue of this Act, and the Interest and Expences as aforesaid, any Share or Shares vested in the said Company of Proprietors as aforesaid, which shall remain in their Hands unsold, shall revert to and again become the Property of the Person or Persons to whom such Share or Shares shall have belonged immediately before such Forfeiture as aforesaid, in such Manner as if such Calls had been duly and regularly paid.

Executors, Ice. indemnified in paying Cal! 6.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall die before Payment shall have been made by him or her for the full Sum to be called for in respect thereof as herein-before mentioned, without having made any sufficient Provision by Will or otherwise how such Share or Shares shall be disposed of, and how the future Calls in respect thereof shall be answered, then and in such Case the Executors or Administrators of such Proprietor, and the Trustee or Trustees, Guardian or Guardians of any Feme Covert, Infant, or other Persons entitled to the Estate and Effects of such Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be indemnified against such Feme Covert, Infant, and all other Persons whomsoever, for paying any Money which shall be called for as aforesaid in respect of the Share or Shares of such deceased Proprietor.

Regulations

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Proprietors of Shares in as to General the said Undertaking shall assemble together at the Swan Inn in the said and Special Town of Wolverhampton, between the Hour of Eleven in the Forenoon Ad'ourn-311 an£* t^le Hour ^ne ‘n l^e Afternoon, within Thirty Days next after the ments. passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, and shall then and there proceed in the Execution of this Act, and shall and may adjourn to or shall assemble at such other Times and Places as they shall 5 be

103

T GEORGII IV. Cap. viii.

be duly convened to in Manner herein-after mentioned, and every such Assembly shall be styled a General Meeting, and Two such Meetings shall be held in every Year on the 'Thursday next after the Twenty-fourth Day of June* and the Thursday next after the Twenty-fifth Day of December, which shall be styled Half-yearly General Meetings, and that Ten or more of the said Proprietors may at any Time, by Notice in Writing under their Hands, call a Special General Meeting so as the Object for which such Meeting shall be called be expressed in such Notice, and so as such Notice be given Twenty-one Days at least before the Day of Meeting, and every General Meeting may be adjourned from Time to Time and from Place to Place as shall be found expedient, and at least Twenty-one Days previous Notice of every General Meeting, and Three Days previous Notice of the Day to which every General Meeting shall be adjourned shall be given, and at every General Meeting and Special Meeting a Chairman shall be appointed, and all Questions shall be decided by a Majority of Votes of the Proprietors and Proxies present, and not declining to vote, according to their respective Number of Shares, (that is to say), one Vote for each Share; nor shall any Person be entitled to vote at any General or Special Meeting of the said Company, or any Adjournment thereof in respect of any Share or Shares which he or she may possess in the said Undertaking, unless such Person shall have fully paid and satisfied all Arrears of Money which shall or may become due in pursuance of any Call or Calls made or to be made by the said Committee of Management for or in respect of such Share or Shares j nor shall any Person vote at any of the Meetings of the said Company upon any Question or Questions relating to the Concerns of the said Undertaking in which he shall be interested otherwise than as a Subscriber or Subscribers, Proprietor or Proprietors to or of the said Undertaking; and upon any Difference of Opinion, any Proprietor present may require the Votes at any General or Special Meeting of the said Company to be taken by Ballot, but no Ballot shall be kept open more than One Hour, and the Chairman of such Meeting shall be entitled to vote; and in case the Number of Votes including the Chairman’s Vote shall be equal he shall also have a casting Vote, and no Business shall be transacted at any Special General Meeting besides the Business for which it shall have been called, and no other Business shall be transacted at any Adjourned Special General Meeting than the Business left unfinished at the Meeting from which such Adjournment took place; and if at any Special or General Meeting a sufficient Number of Proprietors to act or to adjourn (Three Proprietors only being hereby declared sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment) shall not assemble and proceed to Business in one Hour from the Time appointed for such Meeting, or if that Number be not present when the Whole or any Part of the Business to be transacted shall be decided upon, the Meeting shall adjourn to the same Day in the following Week, or to some other Day to be appointed by the Committee of Management, or Three or more of them; and also at the Half-yearly General Meeting to be held on the Thursday next after the Twenty-fourth Day of June in every Year (except the First Year after the passing of this Act), or at some Adjournment thereof, a new Committee of Seven of the Proprietors of Shares in the said Undertaking, each of such Proprietors not possessing less than Five Shares, shall be elected in the Place of the former Committee whose Office shall then have expired: Provided nevertheless, that all or any of the Members of the said Committee

104

Proprietors may vote by Proxy.

Form of Proxy.

General Meetings :o settle Accounts, Half yearly Meet ings to declare Dividends.

General Meetings uiay make Bye-Laws.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. viii.

mittee elected in the preceding Year shall (if otherwise eligible) be again immediately re-eligible: Provided also, that all Notices herein-before directed to be given of any General or Special Meetings or Adjournments respectively, or to any of the said Proprietors upon any particular Occasion, and not herein-before otherwise provided for, shall be given to the said several Proprietors, or to such individual Proprietors respectively, by Letters from the Clerk of the said Company sent by the Post to each and every of the said Proprietors entitled to vote at such Meetings respectively, or to the individual Proprietor entitled to such Notice, as the Case may be, and such Notices shall be deemed and considered the same as personal Notice.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That any Proprietor of any Share or Shares in the said Company’s Stock, entitled to vote in respect of such Share or Shares at any General or Special Meeting of the said Company, shall have full Power and Authority to give his or her Vote or Votes at such General or Special Meetings as aforesaid, either in Person or by Proxy (every such Proxy being a Proprietor in the said Undertaking), and the Appointment of such Proxies may be made in the Form or to the Effect following j (that is to say),

* T of Proprietor of and in The Wolverhampton

4 Gas Light Company, do hereby nominate, constitute, and appoint ‘ of to be my Proxy in my Name, and in my

* Absence to vote or give my Assent to or Dissent from any Business,

* Matter, or Thing relating to the said Undertaking, which shall be mentioned or proposed at any General or Special Meeting of the said Company, in such Manner as he the said shall think proper,

‘ according to his Opinion and Judgment for the Benefit of the said

* Undertaking, or any thing relating thereto. In Witness whereof I e have hereunto set my Hand, the Day of One thousand eight hundred and

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That any General Meeting or General Meetings, specially called for the Purpose, shall have full Power to call for and examine and settle the Accounts of the said Company, and at every Half-yearly General Meeting, or some Adjournment thereof, a Half-yearly Dividend or Dividends shall be made out of the Interests, Profits, or Advantages of the said Undertaking, unless such Meeting shall declare otherwise; provided that no Dividend shall be made whereby the Capital of the said Company shall in any Degree be reduced or impaired, nor within Twelve Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act, nor shall any Dividend be paid in respect of any Share or Shares, after a Day appointed for Payment of any Call for Money in respect thereof, until such Call shall have been paid.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall have full Power and Authority from Time to Time at any of their General Meetings as aforesaid to make such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, as to them shall seem meet and proper for the good Government of the said Undertaking, and for regulating the Proceedings of the said Committee of Management, and for the regulating of all Officers, Workmen, and Servants to be employed in and about the Affairs and Business of the said

Company

105

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. viii.

Company, and for the Superintendance and Management of the said Undertaking in all Respects whatsoever, and from Time to Time to alter or repeal such Orders, Rules, and Bye-Laws, or any of them, and to make others, and impose and inflict such reasonable Fines and Forfeitures upon all such Persons offending against such Rules, Orders, and Bye-Laws, or any of them, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for any one Offence, as to the said Company at a General Meeting shall seem meet and expedient} and all Rules, Orders, and Bye-Laws so made as aforesaid (being reduced into Writing and the Common Seal of the said Company thereto affixed), shall be binding upon all such Persons, and shall be sufficient in any Court of Law or Equity to justify all Persons who shall act under the same: Provided always, that such Rules, Orders* and Bye-Laws be not repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, or any of the express Directions or Provisions of this Act: Provided also, that the same shall be printed, and that a printed Copy thereof shall be fixed and continued in the Office of the Clerk of the said Company, and printed Copies thereof shall from Time to Time be affixed in the Market Place at Wolverhampton, and in other conspicuous Parts of the said Town, and renewed whenever the same shall be defaced or become illegible j and if any Person or Persons shall pull down, obliterate, or deface any Copy or Copies so affixed, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, and all such Rules,

Orders, and Bye-Laws, shall be subject to Appeal in Manner by this Act directed.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to Company and their Successors, and they are hereby fully authorized and break up thtf empowered, subject to the Provisions and Restrictions herein-after men- p°l1 and tioned, by their Servants, Agents, Workmen, and others, from Time to Time sfreeu^&cf to make, erect, sink, lay, place, and fix such Retorts, Gasometers, Rec fivers,

Buildings, Cisterns, Engines, Machines, Cuts, Drains, Sewers, Watercourses,

Reservoirs, Pipes, and other Works and Devices, and to erect and fix them against any Walls, or in Posts or Pillars in the Streets, of such Construction, and in such Manner, as the said Company shall think necessary or proper for carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution, and also to break up the Soil and Pavements of any Streets, Highways, Roads, Ways,

Lanes, Passages, and other public Places, or any Part of them or either of them, and to dig and sink Trenches and Drains, and lay Mains and Pipes, and put Stopcocks, Syphons, Plugs, or Branches from such Pipes in, under, across, and along such Places, Streets, Ways, Lanes, or public Passages, and also with such Consent herein-after mentioned in, under, across, and along any private Buildings, Ways, Passages, Grounds, and other Places, in such Manner as shall be necessary for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, or supplying any such Lights as aforesaid, and from Time to Time to alter the Position of and to repair, relay, and maintain such Pipes, Stopcocks, Syphons, and Plugs or Branches, and also to carry, fit up, and furnish any Pipe or Pipes, Cocks or Branches, or other necessary Apparatus, from any Main or Pipe laid in any Street,

Road, Highway, Lane, Passage, or other public or private Place by the said Company by virtue of this Act, into or through any Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, or Grounds, for the Purpose of lighting the same, or any other public or private Buildings, or [Local.} D d any

106

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. viii.

any public or private Lamp or Lamps, from any of such Mains or Pipes, and to erect and set up any Machine or other Apparatus necessary or requisite for securing to any Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, a proper and competent Supply of Gas, or for measuring and ascertaining the Extent of such Supply, and also to alter or amend any bad or imperfect Work which shall have been placed or which shall be injured or damaged in such Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, and to do all such other Acts, Matters, and Things as the said Company and their Successors shall from Time to Time think necessary and convenient for completing, amending, repairing, improving, supplying, and using the same, and for carrying into Effect the Purposes and Meaning of this Act; provided a proper Compensation be made for any Damage done thereby:And provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall authorize or empower the said Company to carry or lay any Pipe or Pipes, Cocks or Branches, from any Main or Pipe into any Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, Manufactory, public or private Buildings as aforesaid, without the Consent in Writing of the Occupier or Occupiers for the Time being of every such House, Manufactory, or private Buildings as aforesaid, nor shall any thing herein contained authorize or empower the said Company to carry or lay any Pipe or Pipes, or to dig or sink Trenches or Drains, or to lay Mains through any Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactory, or private Buildings or Grounds for the Purpose of conveying Gas to any other House or Houses, Manufactory, Shop, Warehouse, Building, or other Place or Places, than that or those through which such, Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes, Trenches or Drains, shall be laid or made, without the previous Consent of the Owner and Occupier of every such Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactory, or private Building or Grounds through which the same may be carried or laid for the Purpose of lighting such other Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactory, Buildings, Place or Places: Provided also, that the Soil, Pitchings, and Pavements of any of the Streets, Highways, Roads, Ways, Lanes, and Passages within the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners acting under the said recited Act, be broken up under the Inspection of the Surveyor of the said Commissioners (Emergencies only excepted): Provided nevertheless, that in case the Surveyor for the Time being of the said Commissioners shall refuse or neglect to attend to inspect any of the Works hereby directed to be done under his Inspection, alter Twenty-four Hours Notice from the said Company or their Clerk, given to or left at the Place of Abode of the said Surveyor, then the said Company are hereby fully authorized to do and perform such Works without the Inspection of such Surveyor, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Workmen

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Work-in laying men employed in laying or repairing any such Mains, Pipes, Plugs, Cocks, Pipes to Syphons, or Branches, shall do as little Damage as may be, and shall

the Pave°^ forthwith fill in the Trenches and make good the Pavements and Roads,

ment.aVe" and carry away the Rubbish occasioned thereby, and repair any Damages arising from any Drains, Sewers, or Cuts which may be made for carrying off the Washings or Waste Liquors aforesaid without any Delay, and shall in the meantime fence or gu:*rd the Place or Places where any Ground shall be opened, and set up Lamps or Lights at or near the same during the Night, in such Manner as to prevent Accidents to Passengers, 11 Cattle,

107

1° GEORGII IV. Cap.yin.

Cattle, and Carriages; and in case the said Company of Proprietors shall omit or neglect in the meantime to fence or guard the Place or Places where any Ground shall be opened, or to set up and continue such Lamps or Lights as aforesaid, they shall forfeit and pay for every such Omission or Neglect any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied and recovered as other Penalties under this Act are authorized to be levied and recovered:Provided always, that if there shall be any wilful or negligent Delay in the said Company of Proprietors, or in any of their Agents or Servants, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, in filling in any such Ground or removing Rubbish, or making good any such Pavements or Roads, or in setting up Lamps or Lights as aforesaid, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners acting under the said recited Act, or any other Commissioners or Trustees having the Controul or Management of any such Streets or Roads, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Commissioners or Trustees to fill in such Ground and remove such Rubbish, and to repair and make good the Pavement of any Street, Highway, Way, Lane,

Passage, or Place so broken up, and to set up Lamps and Lights as aforesaid; and the reasonable Costs and Charges thereof shall be paid by the said Company of Proprietors or their Treasurer, and in default of Payment thereof for Ten Days next after Demand shall be made by such Surveyor or other Person acting by or under the Authority of the said Commissioners, Proof of such Demand being made by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Stafford, all such reasonable Costs and Charges shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company of Proprietors, or such other Person or Persons, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any such Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said County of Stafford, and which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant; and such Costs, Charges, and Penalties shall be paid to such Commissioners or their Treasurer.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Powers of in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to defeat, abridge, Commission-alter, obstruct, or in any Manner interfere with the Powers and Autho- ^*t°not °e rities of the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the said recited obstructed. Act, or to be appointed or elected for the Management of the Streets,

Pavements, and public Places in the said Town, or the Rights of any Person or Persons to make, enlarge, repair, or amend any Vault or Sewer under any Street within the said Town of Wolverhampton.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if for the Purposes of the Commission-said recited Act, or any other Act or Acts in force for the Time being for e" of Town improving or regulating the Town of Wolverhampton, it shall at any Time Praise" or Times be deemed necessary or expedient by the Commissioners or sink, or alter Trustees acting under the same Act or Acts to require the said Company Pipes, &c. to raise, sink, or otherwise alter the Situation of any of the Mains, Pipes,

Stopcocks, Plugs, Syphons, or Branches which shall be laid down for the Purposes aforesaid, the said Company shall at their own Expence, within ihree Calendar Months next after being required so to do, by

Notice

108

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. viii.

Notice in Writing to them given by the said Commissioners or Trustees, signed by their Clerk, raise, sink, or alter such Mains, Pipes, Stopcocks, Plugs, Syphons, or Branches, according to such Notice, in such Manner and in such Place or Places, as the said Commissioners or Trustees shall think right and proper; and in Default thereof it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees, or their Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons acting by their Order or under their Authority, to cause such Main, Pipes, Cocks, Plugs, Syphons, or Branches to be raised, sunk, or altered, and the reasonable Costs and Charges for doing the same shall immediately thereafter be paid by the said Company:Provided nevertheless, that if such reasonable Costs and Charges be not paid within Twenty Days next after Demand shall be made by such Surveyor or other Person acting by or under the Authority of the said Commissioners, all such reasonable Costs and Charges shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, and which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant, and such Costs and Charges shall be paid to the said Commissioners or Trustees or their Treasurer.

Damage to

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if by the raising, be made sinking, or altering of any of the said Mains, Pipes, Cocks, Plugs, good to the Syphons, or Branches, any Damage or Injury shall be done to the same otnpauy. the said Commissioners or Trustees, or their Servants or Workmen,

then and in every such Case such Damage or Injury shall be repaired and made good by the Company themselves as soon as Circumstances will permit; and the Costs, Charges, and Expences thereof shall be paid to the said Company or their Treasurer, by the Treasurer of the said Commissioners or Trustees, out of the Monies then in or which shall first come to his Hands.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall lay or cause to be laid any Iron, Leaden, or other Pipe to communicate with any Pipe belonging to the said Company, without the Consent of the said Company under their Common Seal first had and obtained, or supply any Inhabitant or other Person with any Part of such Gas, on Pain of forfeiting and paying to the said Company the Sum of Forty Shillings a Day for every Day such Pipe shall so remain or such Supply furnished, to be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Stafford aforesaid, and which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby required and empowered to grant; and the Surplus after such Penalty or Forfeiture, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or such Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to any House of Correction for the County of Stafford, there to remain without Bail or Main-prize for such Time as such Justice or Justices shall direct, not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Forfeitures and all reasonable Charges

shall

No Pipes of Communication to be laid without Consent of the Company.

109

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. viii.

shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, if they shall so think fit, forthwith to cut or take off the Pipe so communicating with any Pipe belonging to the said Company, and also to cut off and take away the Supply of Gas from the House and Premises of the Person so offending, notwithstanding any Contracts or Agreements which may have been previously entered into.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wantonly or Penalty for maliciously hinder or interrupt the said Company of Proprietors, or their interrupting Deputies, Agents, Workmen or Servants, or any of them, in doing and WOTkmen* performing any of the Works or in Exercise of any of the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted, or shall in anywise cause or procure the same to be done, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay to the said Company of Proprietors, or to the proper Person or Persons by them authorized in that Behalf, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and also the full Amount of the Damage which shall be sustained by such Hindrance or Interruption, such Damage to be recovered in like Manner as any Penalty or Forfeiture can or may by virtue of this Act be recovered.

XLIII. And whereas by the said recited Act passed in the Fifty-fourth Comm issio-Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, it is enacted, that no Person ers acting shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner under the said Act during "ndQ the the Time he shall hold any Place of Profit or be under any Contract, or f *t unde* have any Share or Interest in any Contract relating to the Execution of any this Act in of the Powers of the said Act: And whereas several of the Commissioners certain Cafe *, acting in the Execution of the said recited Act are Subscribers for the Purposes of this Act; be it therefore enacted, That nothing in the said recited Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to disqualify any of the Subscribers or Proprietors under this present Act, or any Person who may or shall hereafter become a Subscriber to or have any Share or Interest in The Wolverhampton Gas Light Company, from acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of any of the Powers of the said recited Act, save and except so far as relates to the making of any Contract with the said Gas Light Company.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That every Contract or Agreement Contracts entered into by the said Commissioners for executing the said recited Act, void if the for or in respect of the said Town or any Part thereof with the said b^re^ateP3* Company, shall contain a Clause providing that the said Contract shall thaifforOil. be null and void if at any Time the Price charged for Inflammable Air used in lighting the public Streets and Ways of the said Town shall not be less than what at the Time of making such Contract such public Streets and Ways of the said Town may be lighted for in the usual Manner with Oil, for a Period not less than Three Years, by any Contractor offering due Security for the Performance of his Contract, it being hereby provided and made obligatory upon the said Company that the Gas Lights which shall be supplied by the said Company for the public lighting of the said Town shall at all Times be cheaper and better Lights than could be afforded from Oil, and that the Branch and Service Pipes which shall be set up by the said Company to supply the Gas for such public Lighting shall, in all Cases, be of a Diameter not less than Half an Inch in the Bore, and shall be kept fully charged with Gas when-[Local.] E e soever

110

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. viii.

soever it shall be necessary for the Purposes of such public Lighting as aforesaid.

For prevent-

XLV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Gas shall be o?GasE8Cape ^ounc* 10 escaPe from any of the Pipes which shall be laid down or set up by the said Company in pursuance of this Act, the said Company shall, at their own Expence, immediately after receiving Notice by Parol or in Writing of any such Escape of Gas from any Person or Persons whomsoever, cause the most speedy and effectual Measures to be taken to stop and prevent such Gas from escaping; and in case the said Company shall nor, within Twenty-four Hours next after such Notice being given of any such Escape of Gas, effectually stop and prevent the Gas from escaping, and wholly and satisfactorily remove the Cause of Complaint, that then and in every such Case the said Company shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Penalty or Sum of Forty Shillings for each and every Day afrer the Expiration of Twenty-four Hours from the Time of giving any such Notice during which the Gas shall be suffered to escape as aforesaid, which Penalty shall from Time to Time be recoverable in a summary Way, on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, by Information to be laid and exhibited before some one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Stafford, and shall and may be recovered, with all reasonable Charges, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company by the Warrant of any such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, to be granted in like Manner and subject to the like Provisions as are herein directed touching other Penalties to be recovered from the said Company.

Power to

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

carry off waste Company to make such Sewers or Cuts, of such Breadth, Depth, and Liquids. Dimensions, and in such Manner as they shall think expedient, under the Streets, Lanes, and other public Places within the said Town, for the Purpose of carrying off the Washings and Waste Liquids which may arise in the Prosecution of the Works aforesaid, the said Company doing as little Damage as may be in making the said Sewers or Cuts, and immediately repairing at their own Expence all such Damages; but it shall not be lawful for the said Company, or any of their Agents, Servants, or Workmen, or any other Person or Persons acting under their Authority, to carry or convey, or cause, permit, or suffer to be carried or conveyed, or to run or ooze to or into any Brook, Canal, or Stream whatsoever, any Washing or Waste Liquids, or other Matter or Substance whatsoever, which shall be used or employed or shall arise or be produced in making, manufacturing, or providing the aforesaid Gas, or in or by the Prosecution of any other of the Works aforesaid; and in case the said Company shall at any Time cause, permit, or suffer any such Washings or Waste Liquids to be carried or conveyed, or to run or ooze contrary to the Provisions aforesaid, the said Company shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. xiii.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons who shall contract with the said Company, or agree to take or shall use or enjoy the Benefit of the said Gas in any Dwellings, Shops, Inns, Taverns, or other Buildings or Manufactories, shall refuse or neglect for the Space of Ten Days after Demand to pay the Sum or Sums of Money then due for the same to the said Company, according to the Terms and Stipulations of his Contract with the said Company, it shall be lawful for the said Company, or their Clerk or Superintendant, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Stafford, to levy the said Sum or Sums of Money in respect whereof such Refusal or Neglect shall happen, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) to such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting, after the necessary Charges of making such Distress and Sale shall be first deducted; and it shall also be lawful for the said Company to cut off and take away the Supply of Gas from the House or Houses, Inn, Tavern, Shop, Warehouse, or other Buildings of every such Person so making Default in Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money then due by his, her, or their Contract to the said Company for the Space of Ten Days after such Demand as aforesaid, and thenceforth to discontinue the Supply of Gas contracted for by such Person or Persons with the said Company.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully or maliciously steal, destroy, damage, or injure any or any Part of any Pipe, Post, Plug, Lamp, or other Apparatus, Matter, or Thing belonging to the said Company, or used or to be used for the Purposes of the said Act, or shall wilfully or maliciously waste or improperly use any of the Inflammable Air or Gas supplied by the said Company, or shall wilfully or maliciously put out or extinguish any of the public Lamps which may be lighted with Gas by the said Company, every Person so offending in any of the respective Premises, and being thereof lawfully convicted on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Stafford, shall forfeit and pay to the aforesaid Company any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds and Treble the Amount of the Damage to be ascertained by such Justice or Justices to have been done, such Penalty and Damage, together with reasonable Costs, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender, returning the Overplus (if any) on Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, or such Offender shall and may be committed to any House of Correction of the County of Stafford aforesaid, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company incorporated by virtue of this Act to enter into and execute any Contract with the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal, for a Supply to the Company incorporated by virtue of this Act of any Water necessary for their Work from the said Birmingham Canal.

L. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Body or Bodies Corporate, Collegiate, or Ecclesiastical, or any other Person or Persons

ill

Remedy for Recovery of Rents.

Penalty for damaging Pipes, &c.

Company may contract for Water from Canal.

Appeal may be made to Quarter Sessions.

112

For compelling the Attendance of Witnesses and respect-

of Notices.

Directing what shall be deemed a Service of Notices, &c. on the Company.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. viii.

Persons whomsoever, thinking himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Order or Judgment made or given in pursuance of any Bye-Law of the said Company of Proprietors, or by the Order or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace in pursuance of this Act, may, within Six Calendar Months after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Stafford, the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons appealing, having first given at least Ten clear Days Notice of such Appeal, and of the Nature and Matter thereof, to the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons appealed against, and forthwith after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order and Award of the said Court thereon; and the said Justices, upon due Proof of such Notices and Recognizances having been given and entered into, shall in a summary Way hear and determine such Complaint at such General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or if they think proper may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said County, and if they see Cause may mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Rule, Bye-Law, Order, or Determination, and shall and may also award such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured, or such Costs to either of the Parties, as they shall judge reasonable and proper; and all such Determinations of the said Justices shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Parties to all Intents and Purposes whatever.

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned in Manner aforesaid as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, touching any Matter contained in any Information or Complaint for any Offence against this Act, either on the Behalf of the Prosecutor or on Behalf of the Person or Persons accused, and shall refuse or neglect to appear from Time to Time at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, after having been paid and tendered a reasonable Sum for his, her, or their Expences, without a reasonable Excuse for his, her, or their Refusal or Neglect of appearing, or appearing shall refuse to be examined upon Oath, and to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, then and in every such Case every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings.

LII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases wherein it may be requisite or necessary for any Person or Persons, or Party or Parties, to serve any Notice or Notices upon the said Company, or any Writ or Writs or other legal Proceedings, the Service thereof upon any Member of the said Committee of Management, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode, or upon the Clerk of the said Company, or at the Office of such Clerk, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode, or at the Office of the said Company, or in case the same respectively shall not be found or known, then Service upon any Agent or other Officer employed by the said Company, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode, shall be 13 deemed

113

1* GEORGII IV. Cap.yiii.

deemed good and sufficient Service of the same respectively on the said Company.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Witness or Witnesses who shall be examined by or before any Justice of the Peace, or otherwise under this Act upon Oath, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, and shall be thereof convicted, he, she, or they so giving false Evidence shall be deemed guilty of Perjury, and subject to the same Punishment as Persons convicted of Perjury.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Ecclesiastical, shall be subject or liable to the Pa) rment of any of the Penalties or Forfeitures inflicted by virtue of this Act for any Offence or Offences against this Act, unless Information respecting such Offence or Offences shall have been lodged before a Magistrate within Six Calendar Months next after such Offence committed.

LV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted or imposed by this Act (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not otherwise particularly directed) may, in case of Nonpayment thereof, be recovered in a summary Way, by the Order and Adjudication of any one Justice of the Peace for the said County of Stafford, on Complaint to him for that Purpose exhibited, and afterwards be levied, as well as the Costs of such Proceedings on Nonpayment, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, or Person or Persons liable to pay the same, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, who is hereby authorized and required to summon before him any Witness or Witnesses, and to examine him, her, or them, upon Oath of and concerning such Offences, Matters, and Things, and to hear and determine the same j and the Overplus (if any) of the Money so levied or recovered, after discharging the Penalty or Forfeiture for which such Warrant shall be issued, and the Costs and Expences of recovering and levying the same, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of the Goods or Chattels so seized or distrained; and in case such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid upon Conviction, then it shall and may be lawful for such Justice to order the Offender or Offenders so convicted to be detained and kept in safe Custody until Return can be conveniently made to such Warrant of Distress, unless the Offender or Offenders shall give sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Justice for his or their Appearance before such Justice on such Day or Days as shall be appointed for the Return of such Warrant of Distress, such Day or Days not being more than Five Days from the Time of taking any such Security, and which Security the said Justice is hereby empowered to take by way of Recognizance, or otherwise j but if upon the Return of such Warrant it shall appear that no sufficient Distress can be had thereupon, then it shall be lawful for such Justice, or any other Justice of the Peace for the said County, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Gaol of the said County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Term not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges shall be sooner paid and satisfied $ and such Penalties and Forfeitures when so levied (the Application whereof is not otherwise [_Local.~\ Ff directed)

Person# giving false Evidence to be punished.

Proceedings to be within Six Months.

Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures.

114

Form of Conviction.

Nothing in this Act to prevent Company being indicted for a Nuisance.

Expences of the Act how to be paid.

General Saving of all Rights.

Public Act

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. viii.

directed) shall be paid to the Treasurer acting under this Act, and be wholly applied to the Purposes of this Act, and to or for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

LVI. And, for the more easy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That a Conviction in the Form or to the Effect following shall be good, without alleging more than the Substance of the Offence; (videlicet),

‘ County of Stafford, £ t>E it remembered, That on the Day of

to wit. j in the Year of our Lord One thousand

‘ eight hundred and is [or are] convicted before me

‘ [or us, as the Case shall be] of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace ‘ for the County of Stafford, by virtue of an Act of Parliament passed in the First Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled ‘ [here insert the Title of this Act] of having [specifying the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where the same was committed, as the Case

‘ shall be] contrary to the said Act, and for which Offence I [or we, as ‘ the Case shall he] do adjudge the said to have forfeited

* the Sum of Given under my Hand and Seal

* [or our Hands and Seals, as the Case shall be] the Day and Year first

* above written. ’

LVII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any Person or Persons from proceeding by Indictment, or otherwise, against the said Company, or against any of their Officers, Servants, or Workmen, in respect of any Works of the said Company, or the Method which shall be employed by them for furnishing such Light as aforesaid, as a public or private Nuisance, or from bringing any A£tion against the said Company, or any of their Officers, Servants, or Workmen, for any Injury sustained by reason of any Works or Method of Lighting, whether such Injury shall proceed from the Nature of such Method of Lighting, or the Carelessness or Want of Skill of the Persons employed therein.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the applying for, obtaining, and passing of this Act, shall be paid and discharged out of the Monies already subscribed or to be subscribed, and which shall be first raised by virtue of this Act.

LIX. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to the Lords of the several Manors within the said Town of Wolverhampton, their respective Rights, Privileges, and Franchises in such and the same Manner as if this Act had not passed.

LX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Acr, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1820. ii

ANNO PRIMO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. ix.

An Act for lighting with Gas the Borough of Derby.

[22(1 June 1820.]

WHEREAS the Borough of Derby, in the County of Derby, is large and populous, and it would be of great Advantage to the Burgesses and Inhabitants thereof, and to the Public at large, if the Streets and other public Passages and Places were better lighted:And whereas Carburetted Hydrogen or Coal Gas, Coke, Oil, Tar, Pitch, Asphaltum, Ammoniacal Liquor, and Essential Oil, may be procured from Coal and other Substances:And whereas the said Gas being conveyed by Means of Pipes, may be safely and beneficially used for lighting the several Streets, Highways, Squares, Market Places, and other Places within the said Borough, Liberties, Precincts, Parishes, and Places, and for lighting Shops and private Houses and Buildings; and the Coke may be beneficially employed as Fuel in private Houses and Manufactories; and the said Oil, Tar, Pitch, Asphaltum, Ammoniacal Liquor, and Essential Oil, may be used and applied in various other Ways with great Advantage:And whereas the several Persons herein-after named are willing and desirous, at their own Costs and Charges, to effect the beneficial Purposes aforesaid; but the same cannot be fully and completely carried into Execution without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords [Local.'] G g Spiritual

118

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. lx.

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assem* Proprietors bled, and by the Authority of the same, That William Abbott, Thomas incorporated Allsopp, Robert Alikin, Richard Brown, Joseph Bainbrigge, George Bar-into a Com- nett, George Bakewell, Kenneth Bayne, Ann Boott, Thomas Bridgett, Caleb pany. Evans Bu t, Thomas Bridget/, Robert Bennett, Sarah Bennett, Bennett,

Bryan Thomas Balguy, Anthony Bassano, Robert Bromley, John Byng, Thomas Bowmer, Henry Browne, Robert Dowman Battelle, James Brassington, George Butterworth, Richard Boden, Mary Bassano, William Barton, John Brocksop, William Blundstone, Charles Buckley, John Brook-house, Roger Cox, John Cox, Edward Calvert, John Chattertort, Charles Callow, James Cowlishaw, Thomas Cox, Henry Cox, George Cox, Charles Clarke, Francis Chollerton, Mary Clay, John Crompton, Elizabeth Crompton, John Bell Crompton, John Clark, Thomas Chell, Thomas Cooper, Thomas Darby, John Drewry, Thomas Davis, Elizabeth Dexter, John Dawson, Elizabeth Ellwood, Walter Evans, William Evans, Samuel Evans, William Edwards, Thomas Eaton, Richard Forester Forester M. D., Florence Matilda Fallows, Francis Fox the younger, Isaac Fisher, Sarah Frear, Samuel Fox, Thomas Gillam, Benjamin Gilbert, William Goodwin, Richard Bennett Goodwin, George Godwin, Edward Gadsby, Thomas Glover, William Genn, William Greatorex, Samuel Gaskell, John Green, William Hancock, Reverend Edward Higginson, William Harrison, John Heathcote, Mary Harrison, John Horrocks, George Hood, William Holmes, Joseph Handford, William Harding, John Harrison, John Holmes, Ann Hudson, James Hendley, John Hackett, Joseph Hall, John Hoare, Charles Holmes, Moses Harvey, Nathaniel Holmes, Joseph Humpston, Anne Henley, Francis Hood, John Harrison (Attorney,) William Hall, John Hall, Elizabeth Harrison, James Holloway, George Harris, Michael Hallam, Thomas Johnson, Elizabeth Johnns, William Johnson, Charles Lakin, Thomas Lowe, Henry Lowe, Charles Lowe, George Lowe, William Jeffery Lockett, Joseph Lord, Richard Lea'per, John Matchitt, Margaret Morley, John Mawe, William Eaton Mousley, John Mojfatt, Thomas Mason, Thomas Newton, James Oakes, Joseph Osborne, Henry Orton, William Parker, John Peach, John Page, Henry Pdkington, Sinckler Porter, Mary Pllkington, Eleanor Pilkington, Joseph Peach, James Peat, Samuel Rowland, Katharine Richardson, Thomas Richardson, John Radford, Peter Riding, Francis Rowlston, William Strutt, Charles Sylvester, James Storer, John Storer, William Stevenson, Joseph Smith, John Sandars, William George Spencer, William Sowter, Henry Spencer, William Slater, Francis Severne, Joseph Strutt, William Shaw, Thomas Sale, James Blythe Simpson, Matthew Spencer, Stephen Saunders on, John Sperry, William Sear I, James Shipley, William Sims, John Stanton, Thomas Symons, Jane Smith, William Smith, James Sadler, Robert Seal, John Smith, Thomas Tunaley, William Turner, Robert Tunaley, Thomas Topham, Sarah Thompson, John Tooby, Thomas Taylor, William Taylor, John Wright, Thomas Wright, Samuel Wright, Anne Wright, Elizabeth Wright, Elizabeth Wright the younger, Gregory Winrow, Thomas Wheeldon, William Wigston, John Weatherhead, Robert Ward, Maria Eliza Wdird, Sarah Wightman, George Wilkins, John Wood, John Ward, Jeremiah Wdbstkr, Francis Teamans, Edward Teomans, Thomas Teomans, and all and every such other Person or Persons as from Time to Time shall become a Subscriberof Subscribers, and be duly admitted as herein-after mentioned, and their respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall be and they are hereby declared to be One Body Politic and Corporate, and 6 Company

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. ix. 119

Company of Proprietors, by the Name of The Derby Gas Light and Coke Their Style. Company, and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, and by that Name shall and may sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded, at Law or in Equity, and shall and may prefer and prosecute any Bill or Bilis of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall commit any Felony, Misdemeanor, or other Offencje indictable by the Laws of this Realm; and that the said Company of Proprietors shall be established for the Purpose of producing Carbu-retted Hydrogen or Coal Gas, Coke, Oil, Tar, Pitch, Asphalt-um *

Ammoniacal Liquor, and Essential Oil, and other Products from Coal and other Substances, and for lighting the said Borough of Derby with Gas; and shall have full Power from Time to Time to make Contracts, or agree with the Commissioners acting under the Authority of an Act passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for paving, lighting, and otherwise 32G.3. c.f$. improving the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places within the Borough of Derby, and for selling a certain Piece of Waste Ground, situate within the said Borough, called Nuns Green, towards defraying the Expence of the said Improvement, or any other Act which shall hereafter be in force for paving and lighting the said Borough of Derby, or with any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or Corporation or Corporations Aggregate or Sole, who may be willing and desirous of contracting or agreeing with the said Company of Proprietors, for the lighting with Gas such Borough, or any of the Streets,

Squares, Lanes, Roads, Passages, or other public Places therein, or any Churches or Chapels, or any Theatres or Places of public Amusement, Manufactories, Shops, Inns, Taverns, Dwelling Houses, Buildings, or other private Places wirhin the said Borough, and to sell and dispose of such Coke, Oil, Tar, Pitch, Asphaltum, Ammoniacal Liquor, and Essential Oil, and all other Products as aforesaid, under such Conditions,

Limitations, and Restrictions as shall be herein-after expressed. II.

II. And be it further enacted, That in order to enable the said Com- p0Wer to pany to construct or make Gasometers and other necessary Works, and contract for to erect any Manufactory or Manufactories, or other Buildings, for the tl‘ePurchase Purposes of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Cora- Buildings*0'1 pany, or their Committee of Management for the Time being, to be '

appointed in pursuance of this Act, and they are hereby respectively empowered, to contract and agree for the absolute Purchase of any Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments within the said Borough, not exceeding the Quantity of Two Statute Acres in the Whole, with any Body Politic,

Corporate or Collegiate, or any Tenant or Tenants for Life or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for any Term or Terms of Years absolute or determinable on any Life or Lives, or with any Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees for Lunatics and Idiots, or other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn. Lunatics, Idiots, or Femes Covert, or other Persons under any Disability of acting for themselves, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in their own Right, or with any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall be willing to sell the same, or his, her, or their Right and Interest therein, for the Uses and Purposes of this Act j and upon Payment of the Purchase Money for any

120

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. ix.

any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to the Parties or Persons respectively entitled therero, or upon Payment thereof into the Bank of England in Manner by this Act directed (as the Case maybe), such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments may be taken and used for the Purposes of this Act; and from thenceforth all Parties and Persons whomsoever shall be divested of all Right and Title, Claim or Reversion, to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and the same Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments shall be vested in the Derby Gas Light and Coke Company, and their Successors; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to hold such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and any Term, Right, and Interest therein so purchased, without incurring or being subject to any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain, or of any other Law or Statute whatsoever.

Bodies Politic, &c. empowered to sell.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for any Term or Terms of Years absolute or determinable on any Life or Lives, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, f, Husbands, Guardians, Committees for Lunatics and Idiots, and other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots or Femes Covert, or other Persons under any Disability of acting for themselves, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in their own Right, and all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, which shall be thought necessary by the said Company of Proprietors to be purchased for the Uses and Purposes of this Act, and to treat, contract, and agree with the said Company, or their said Committee of Management, for the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof, and to sell and convey all or any Part thereof, and all Estate, Right, Title, and Interest whatsoever, of, in, and to the same, to the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, for the Purposes of this Act j and all Contracts, Bargains, Sales and Conveyances, which shall be so made by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, shall, without any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, or other Conveyances or Assurances in the Law whatsoever, and without Enrolment, be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, not only to convey the Estate and Interest of the Person and Persons conveying, but also to convey all Right, Estate, Interest, Use, Property, Claim and Demand whatsoever, of their said several and respective Cestuique Trusts, and all Persons whomsoever, claiming or to claim by, from, or under them, and of all Persons entitled in Remainder or Reversion expectant on any such particular Estate; and the same shall be deemed and considered to bar all Dower of such Person and Persons, and all Estates Tail and other Estates in Possession, Reversion, Remainder or Expectancy, any Law, Statute, or Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Tenants for Life or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for any Term or Terms of Years absolute or determinable on any Life or Lives, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, and all and every other Person

121

Directing Application of Purchase Money when amounting to 2001. and upwards.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. ix.

Person and Persons is and are and shall be hereby indemnified for what he, she, or they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be contracted and agreed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Corporate, Collegiate or Ecclesiastic, Tenant for Life or in Tail, Trustee, Feme Covert, Infant,

Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, shall with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte The Derby Gas Light and Coke Company/ together with the Name or Names of such Person or Persons, as any Three or more of the Committee of Management of the said Company, shall, by Writing signed by them, direct and appoint, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the same Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, standing and being settled therewith to the same or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested under and with the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Wills, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, stood and were settled and limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application made thereto as aforesaid, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so Directing contracted and agreed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- Application ments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging of Purchase

[W] u b to £2?"

122

2001. and exceeding 201.

Directing Application of Purchase Money not

In Cases of doubtful Title, the Party in Possession to be deemed the Owner.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. ix.

to any Body Corporate, Collegiate, or Ecclesiastic, Tenant for Life or in Tail, Trustee, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in Cases of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be named by the Person or Persons making such Option and approved by Three or more of the said Committee of Management (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified by Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case shall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said High Court of Chancery.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money So contracted and agreed to be paid as last-before mentioned, shall not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Committee of Management, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit; or in Cases of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right* or Interest in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Person ^, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said High Court of Chancery j and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied, and disposed df accordingly, unless it shall be made to appear to the said

7 Court

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. ix. Ifl3,

Court that such Possession was a wrongful Posssession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason Expences of of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, Puchasera entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased

under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall the Court* be required to be paid into the Bank of England, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said High Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Company of Proprietors who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

IX. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Money so contracted or agreed to he paid for the Purchase of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments by the said Company of Proprietors, to the Party or Parties, or Person or Persons respectively entitled to such Monies, or their Agents, or upon Payment thereof into the Bank of England, for the Purpose of being disposed of in Manner herein-before directed, and upon the Conveyance in Manner herein-after directed, of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand in Law or Equity of the Party and Parties, and Person and Persons respectively, to whom or for whose Use the same shall be paid, in, to, or out of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall vest in the said Company of Proprietors and their Su-cessors for ever, for effecting the Uses and Purposes of this Act.

On Payment of Purchase Money, Premises vested in the said Company.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Sales, Conveyances, and Assurances of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be made to the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, shall be made in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

* T [or we, as the Case may be] of iq consi- Form of

"* deration of the Sum of to Conveyance.

* me [or us] paid by the Derby Gas Light and Coke Company, do here-‘ by grant and release [or assign, as the Case may be] to the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, all [here describe the Pre-

* raises to be conveyed], and all my [or our] Right, Title, and Interest in ‘ and to the same, and every Part thereof $ to hold to the said Comply ‘ of Proprietors and their Successors for ever [or, as the Case may be,] during all the Remainder of my Term, Estate, and Interest in the said Pre-‘ mises. In witness whereof, I [or we] have hereunto set my Hand and ‘ Seal, [or our Hands and Seals] or, our Common Seal, as the Case may

* be, J this Day of in the Year of our Lord

* One thousand eight hundred and.

And every such Sale, Conveyance, and Assurance so made shall be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as to and against the Person or Persons making the same, and his, her, or their Cestuique Trusts, and all other Persons claiming or to claim, by, from,

under.

124

Empowering Company to resell Lands, &c. aot wanted.

Subscriptions for Joint Stock not to exceed 10,000l.

Subscribers to share in the Stock in Proportion to their Subscriptions.

Subscribers liable to the Debts of the Company, in proportion tc their Share in lb. Stock.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. ix.

under, or in trust for him, her, or them respectively, or in Remainder, Reversion, or Expectancy as aforesaid, and the same shall be deemed and construed to bar all the Dower of the Wife and Wives of such Person and Persons, and all Estates Tail and other Estates in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, and the Issue and Issues of such Person and Persons claiming under them, as effectually as Fines or Common Recoveries would do, if levied or suffered by the proper Parties in due Form of Law; any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XI. And whereas the said Company of Proprietors, under the Provisions of this Act, may purchase Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which may be found not necessary or not wanted for the Purposes thereof; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company to sell and dispose of, and by Indenture or Indentures under their Common Seal, to grant and convey by way of absolute Sale in Fee Simple, for a Consideration in Money, all or any Part or Parts of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which may have been so purchased, and which shall not be wanted for the Purposes of this Act, and upon Payment of the Money which shall arise by or from the Sale or Sales of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Part or Parts thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the Treasurer for the Time being to the said Company, to sign and give a Receipt or Receipts for the Money for which the same shall be sold, which Receipt or Receipts shall be sufficient Discharges to any Person or Persons for the Money therein and thereby expressed or acknowleged to be received; and such Person or Persons having bond Jide paid the same, shall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication, or Non-application of such Purchase Money, or any Part thereof.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds Sterling, which has already been subscribed for the Purposes of this Act, by the several Persons herein-before particularly named, shall be the Capital or Joint Stock of the said Company.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons by or for whom any Subscription shall have been made or accepted, or any Payment made pursuant to the Orders of any Meeting or Meetings to be held for that Purpose, by the Committee of Management, to be appointed as herein-after mentioned, for or towards the raising of the said Capital Sum of Ten thousand Pounds as aforesaid, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns respectively, shall have and be entitled to a Share of and in the said Capital Joint Stock of the said Company, in proportion to the Monies which he, she, or they shall have so contributed towards making up the same, and to a proportionable Share of the Profits and Advantages attending the Capital Stock of the said Company, and shall be admitted to be a Proprietor or Proprietors of the same.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Lands and Hereditaments, Manufactories, Gasometers, Machinery, Apparatus, and Works of the said Company, shall be liable and answerable for the iust Debts and Demands of the Creditors of the said Company j and that the several Persons composing the said Company shall respectively stand responsible

and

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. iK. *125

and answerable for all just Debts and Demands of the Creditors of the said Company, to the full Amount of their several and respective Shares in the said Capital or Joint Stock.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Sum of Ten thousand

Pounds shall be divided into Shares of Fifty Pounds Sterling each, and 0 that no Person or Persons shall be a Subscriber or Subscribers for a less 501. each. Sum than Fifty Pounds Sterling, and that all Shares in the said Undo’- and be Per-taking, and in the net Profits and Advantages thereof, shall be deemed 80na* Estate. Personal Estate, and not of the Nature of Real Property, and as such Personal Estate shall be transmissible accordingly:Provided nevertheless, that no Person shall at any Time hereafter hold more than Ten Shares in the said Undertaking, otherwise than by Devise, or by virtue of the Statutes of Distribution of Intestates Effects.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the aforesaid Sum of Ten Power to thousand Pounds shall be found insufficient for the Purposes of this Act, raise more if then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Company, from Time Loanor’nevr to Time, to raise any further Sum or Sums of Money for completing their shares, said Undertaking, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, either by way of Loan on Security of the Property and Effects belonging to the said Company, or by raising and creating new and additional Shares in the said Concern, or by both of the said Ways and Methods; and in case it shall at any Time or Times be deemed advisable

by the said Company to raise any Part or Parts of the said further Sum of Ten thousand Pounds by way of Loan, then it shall be lawful for the said Company, or their said Committee of Management for the Time being, by and with the Advice and Direction of any General Assembly of the said Company, to borrow and take up the same at Interest, for the Use of the said Company, and thereupon to grant, execute, and deliver to or in favour of the Lenders thereof, such Mortgages, Bonds, Obligations, or other Securities in Writing, as may be required, thereby binding the said Company, and the Estates, Stock, and Trade thereof, for the Repayment of the Sum or Sums so borrowed, with Interest for the same; and in case it shall at any Time or Times be deemed advisable by the said Company to raise any Part or Parts of the said further Sum of Ten thousand Pounds by the Creation of new and additional Shares in the said Concern, then it shall be lawful for the said Company to raise the same amongst themselves, in such Proportions as to them shall seem meet, and for such Purpose to create such Number of new and additional Shares of Fifty Pounds each, as may be deemed expedient; and every Subscriber towards raising such further Sum by Shares, shall be a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, and stand interested in all the Profits,

Privileges, and Advantages of the said Undertaking, and shall be liable to the like Burthens, in proportion to the Amount of his or her Subscription, as generally and extensively to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been originally Part of the said Capital Stock of Ten thousand Pounds; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons who Forenforc-have already subscribed for and towards the said Undertakings, and ing Payment who shall at any Time hereafter have or hold any Share or Shares in °[bthe.?Ts the same, shall, and they are hereby respectively required to pay the *" scrl e

[LocaU] /1 Sura

1-26

1° GEORGII IV. C«/>.ix.

Sum or Sums of Money by them respectively subscribed, and to be subscribed for, or such Parts or Portions thereof as shall from Time to Time be called for, pursuant to the Powers and Directions of this Act, at such Times and Places, to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner, as shall be ordered and directed by the said Company, or their Committee of Management for the Time being; and in case any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay any such Money at such Time or Times, and in such Manner as shall be ordered and directed by the said Company, or their Committee of Management as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Company to sue for and recover the same by Action of Debt or otherwise, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, together with lawful Interest for the same from the appointed Time or Times of Payment, and full Costs of Suit, from such Person or Persons respectively j and in like Cases of Neglect or Refusal, where Two or more Persons shall have jointly subscribed for, or be jointly possessed of any One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, then in like Manner to sue for and recover the same from all or any of such joint Subscribers.

Tickets of Shares to be delivered to the Proprietors.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors, or their said Committee of Management for the Time being, shall cause the Names and Designations of the several Persons who are at present and shall be hereafter Subscribers to or Proprietors of the said Undertaking, with the Number of Shares possessed by each of the Subscribers and Proprietors, and also the proper Number by which every Share is to be distinguished, to be distinctly entered in a Register Book, to be kept by the Clerk oi: the said Company to be appointed as herein-after mentioned; and after the making of such Entry, a Certificate under the Common Seal of the said Company shall be made out in respect of each and every Share in the said Undertaking, specifying therein the proper Number of such Share, and the Name and Designation of the Proprietor thereof j which Certificate shall be delivered to the Proprietor of such Share upon Demand, and shall be admitted in all Courts whatsoever as Evidence of the Title of such Proprietor, his or her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Share therein specified; but the Want of such Certificate shall not hinder or prevent the Proprietor of any of the said Shares from selling or disposing thereof.

First and other General Meetings of Proprie-

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall meet together at some convenient Place within the said Borough, within Thirty Days next after the passing of this Act, between the Hours of Eleven in the Forenoon and One in the Afternoon, and shall then and there proceed in the Execution of this Act, and shall and may adjourn such Meeting, from Time to Time, either to the same Place or such other convenient Place in the said Borough as the said Proprietors shall think proper; and that from and after the said First General Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors, there shall be in each Year Two General Meetings of the said Company, that is to say, on the Twenty-fifth Day of March and the Twenty-ninth Day of September, or within Ten Days next after such Days respectively, and also such and so many Special General Meetings of the said Proprietors as shall be called by the Committee of Management, as herein-after provided; of which several Half-yearly General Meetings and Special General Meetings, 'Pen Days public Notice at the least shall be given by Ad-

127

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. ix.

vertisement in the Derby Newspaper (and which said Notice shall specify the Purpose for which any such Special General Meetings are called); and the First Half-yearly General Meeting to be holden by virtue of this Act shall be holden on the Twenty-ninth Day of September next, or within Ten Days next after the same; and that all such Half-yearly General Meetings and Special General Meetings may be adjourned from Time to Time, and from Place to Place, as shall be found expedient; and that at all such Meetings of the said Proprietors to be held as aforesaid, the Proprietors then present not being fewer in Number than Five, shall and may proceed to Business, and act in the Execution of the several Powers hereby given to the said Company of Proprietors; and if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any of the aforesaid Meetings of the said Proprietors a sufficient Number of the said Proprietors to act or to adjourn,

(Five Proprietors being hereby declared sufficient in all Cases to proceed to Business, and Two Proprietors being hereby declared sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment only), then and so often as the Case may happen, such Meeting shall stand over and be deemed to be adjourned to the same Day in the following Week, and at the same Place and Hour at which the same Meeting ought to have been held as aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall have full General Power and Authority from Time to Time, at any of their General Meet- Meetings ings as aforesaid, to make such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, as to them

shall seem meet and proper for the good Government of the said Under- y taking, and for regulating the Proceedings of their Committee of Management, and for the Regulation of all Officers, Workmen, and Servants to be employed in or about the Affairs and Business of the said Company, and for the Superintendence and Management of the said Undertaking in all respects whatsoever, and from Time to Time to alter or repeal such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, or any of them, and to make othersj and all Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws so made as aforesaid, (being reduced into Writing and the Common Seal of the said Company thereto affixed), shall be printed, and be binding upon all such Persons, and shall be sufficient in any Court of Law or Equity to justify all Persons who shall act under the same: Provided always, that such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws be not repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, or any of the express Directions or Provisions of this Act: Provided also, that Copies thereof shall be fixed and continued in the Office of the said Company •, and all such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, shall be subject to Appeal in Manner by this Act directed.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That at every General Meeting of the Regulations Proprietors of the said Undertaking, one of the Proprietors then present as to Genera shall be elected to preside as Chairman, and act Questions shall be de- Met"163' cided by a Majority of Votes of the Proprietors present in Person, ac- offoting"^ cording to their respective Number of Shares; (that is to say), One Vote

may be given for and in respect of every Share; and the Chairman of every such Meeting shall not only be entitled to vote in respect of his Shares, but in case of an Equality of Votes, shall also have an additional or casting Vote; but nevertheless it is hereby provided, that no Proprietor shall be entitled to vote at any Meeting of the said Company in respect of any Share or Shares which he or she may possess in the said Undertaking,

128

In the case of Two joint Proprietors, the Person whose Name stands first to vote.

General Meetings may appoint a Treasurer and Clerk.

Offices of Clerk and Treasurer not to be held by one Person.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap Ax.

dcrtaking, unless such Person shall have fully paid all Arrears due, in pursuance of any Call or Calls which shall have been made upon or in respect of such Share or Shares by the said Committee of Management for the Time being; nor shall any Person vote at any Meeting of the said Company upon any Question in which such Person shall be interested, in any other Way than as being a Proprietor in the said Undertaking.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That whenever Two or more Persons shall be jointly possessed of or entitled to any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, the Person whose Name shall stand first in the Books of the said Company, as one of the joint Proprietors of such Share or Shares, shall be deemed to be the Proprietor of such Share or Shares for the Purposes next herein-after mentioned; (that is to say), such Person shall have the sole and entire Right of voting at all Meetings of the said Company, in respect of such joint Share or Shares; and when any Notice in pursuance of this Act shall be given to such Person, the same shall be considered as a Notice given to all the Proprietors of such joint Share or Shares.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall at their said First General Meeting, or at some Adjournment thereof, elect and choose a Treasurer and a Clerk for transacting the Business of the said Company; and it shall be lawful for the said Company, at any subsequent General or Special Meeting to be holden as hereinbefore directed, from Time to Time to remove and displace such Treasurer and Clerk, or either of them, or any other Person or Persons who shall be hereafter elected and appointed to their respective Offices; and shall also from Time to Time elect, choose, and appoint in manner aforesaid, any other Person or Persons to act as Treasurer and Clerk of the said Company, in the Room of such of the said Officers as shall happen to die, or to resign, or be removed from their respective Offices; and it shall be lawful for the said Company to allow such Salaries or other Emoluments to the said Officers, or any of them, as at any such General or Special Meeting shall from Time to Time be fixed and determined:Provided always, that the said Company of Proprietors shall and they are hereby required to take sufficient Security from every Person who shall hereafter be appointed Treasurer of the said Company, for the faithful Execution of his Office, before he shall enter thereupon.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Company to appoint the Person who may be appointed to act as their Clerk, or the Partner of any such Clerk, the Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or to appoint the Person who may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, the Clerk to the said Company j and if any Person shall act in both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer shall act as Clerk, in the Execution of this Act, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

10

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. ix. 129

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprie- Appointment tors, or any Five or more of them, present at such First General Meeting

or Meetings as aforesaid, or at some Adjournment thereof, shall and may nagement, proceed to elect Fifteen of the said Proprietors, to form and become the Officers, &c. Committee of Management, for managing the Affairs of the said Company, by a Majority of Votes of the Proprietors present, according to their respective Number of Votes, such Votes to be taken by Ballot; and in case such Votes shall be equal, then the Chairman to be first elected and appointed at such Meeting, and at every other Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, shall have a casting Vote.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person Committee-hereby nominated, or who shall be elected a Member of the said Committee of Management, shall be or become a Dealer, either directly or in- Work, cease directly, in any of the Articles to be provided or manufactured by the said to have a Company, or shall offer to take and succeed in taking, or shall participate in any Manner in any Work to be done for the said Company, uommi every such Person shall be disqualified to be a Member of the said Committee of Management; and that if any Person hereby nominated, or to be appointed determined by virtue of this Act a Member of the said Comnfittee, shall at any Time cease to be a Proprietor in the said Undertaking^ "6r shall refuse or neglect, unless prevented by Illness or Absence from Home to attend any Five successive Meetings of the said Committee, every such Person shall thereby cease to act or vote at such Committee, or be disqualified as aforesaid, and thereupon another Proprietor shall be elected in the Stead of such defaulting Member.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Vacancies in

Member or Members of the Committee of Management, hereby nomi- th.e Com-nated and appointed, or to be elected and appointed by virtue of this Act, JJhSsitodu shall die or become disqualified, or refuse or neglect to act, it shall be P *

lawful for the said Company, at the next General Meeting of the said Proprietors, to be held pursuant to the Directions of this Act, to elect and appoint some other of the said Proprietor or Proprietors to be a Member or Members of the said Committee of Management; and every such Proprietor, so elected and appointed to fill such Vacancy or Vacancies, and being duly qualified, shall continue in his or their several and respective Office and Offices, so long as the Person in whose Place or Stead he was elected would have been entitled under the Provisions of this Act to have continued in Office, if such Death, Disqualification, Refusal, or Neglect, had not happened.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Members of the Members of First Committee of Management shall continue in Office for the Term of th.e Cora* Three Years from the Day of their Election, and until others shall be Three appointed in their Stead, in pursuance of this Act; and at the Expir- Years, &c. ation of the said Term, Five of the Members of the said Committee shall

go out of Office by Ballot, and Five Persons duly qualified shall, in Manner herein-before mentioned, be elected and appointed Members of the said Committee; and on the Twenty-ninth Day of September in the then following Year, or within Ten Days thereof, Five others of the said Members shall go out of Office by Ballot, and their Places be supplied in like Manner; and on the Twenty-ninth Day of September in the then follow-[Local.'] K k »ng

130

Members may be re-elected.

Meetings of Committee, and Regulations for their Proceedings.

Power of Committee.

1" GEORGII IV. Cap.hi.

ing Year, or \vithin Ten Days thereof* the-last Five of the said Members shall go out of Office, and their Places be supplied in like Manner; and on the Twenty-ninth Day of September *yp every subsequent Year, or within Ten Days thereof. Five of the Mejnbers of the said Committee who shall have been longest in Office, sh'alf go bit of Office, and their Places be supplied in like Manner; and every su'ch ‘'Election of Members of the said Committee of Management shall be made at some General Meeting of the said ‘Company, to be held pursuant to the Directions of this Act.

XXIX. Provided always, and.be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons who shall have served or acted upon the said Committee, and who by the Expiration of the said Term of Service, Rotation, or otherwise, shall go out of Office, 'shall and may, notwithstanding such Service, or the Expiration of such Term, if otherwise properly qualified, be eligible to be re-elected to, and-to sefve or act as a Member or Members of the said Committee of Management.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee of Management shall hold their First Meeting within Fourteen Days next after their being appointed, at such Place within the said Borough as they shall think proper, and shall then and there proceed in the Execution of this Act, and shall have full Power and Authority to adjourn such First Meeting, and again to meet and adjourn from Time to Time, and from Place to Place within the said Borough, as they shall think fit; and that all Questions, Matters, and Things which shall be proposed, discussed, or considered by the said Committee of Management at any of their Meetings, shall be decided and determined by the Majority in Number of Members present (the Number present not being less than Three); and in case of an equal Number of Votes upon any Question, including the Vote of the Chairman for the Time being, such Chairman shall have the decisive and casting Vote; and if on the Day appointed for any Meeting of the said Committee Three Members qualified to vote shall not attend, then and in such Case the Meeting shall be adjourned till the next Day, if not a Sunday, and if the next Day should be a Sunday, then to the Monday following, by the Member or Members then present, or if none be present, then by the Clerk of the said Company, or such other Person as shall attend in his Place; and that any Two or more Members of the Committee may, at any Time when they shall think fit, call a Meeting of the Committee, by causing Three Days Notice in Writing, signed by such Two or more Members, to be sent by the Post or otherwise, to the Residence or Adr dress of every Member of such Committee; and also renew the Meetings of the Committee, though they may have been discontinued for Want of Adjournment, or to institute a new Meeting independent of any Meeting appointed by Adjournment.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Committee of Management for the Time being shall have the Custody of the Common Seal of the said Company, and shall have full Power and Authority to meet and adjourn from Time to Time, and from Place to Place, and also at any Time to call Special General Meedngs of the said Company for any Purpose they may think proper, and to appoint the Times and Places in the said Borough of holding General and Special Meetings, and to direct the Affairs and Business of the said Company, as well in issuing, receiving,

131

1* GEORGII IV. Cap Ax.

Ing, and laying out, and disposing of all Sums of Money to be issued or received, laid out or disposed of for the Purposes of the same Company, as in contracting for and purchasing Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Materials, Goods, and, Chattels, for the Use of the said Undertaking, and entering into Agreements or" Contracts for lighting with Gas the said Borough, and the Limits, liberties, and Precincts thereof as aforesaid, or any of sufch Streets, Market Places, Shops, Inns, -Taverns, private Houses, Buildings, or private Places as aforesaid, and in nominating, electing, appointing, placing or displacing any Officer, Agent, or Servant of the said Company, (not being a Treasurer or Clerk-of the said Company, who are to be elected and appointed at a General Meeting of the Company as herein-before mentioned), *and with such Salaries, Gratuities, or other Recompence, as to the said Committee shall seem proper, and in ordering, directing, and employing the Works and Workmen, and in selling and disposing of all Articles produced as aforesaid, and in making, enforcing, and rescinding, coppounding, or compromising, all Contracts and Bargains touching or in anywise concerning the same, subject to such Orders, Bye Laws, Rules and Regulations, as shall at any Time be duly made by the said Company in Restraint, Controul, or Regulation of the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted; and no Sum or Sums of Money shall be issued by the Treasurer or Treasurers, of any other Officer or Officers to be appointed by the said Company, on account of the said Company, without an Order or Orders in Writing, signed by the Chairman of the said Committee of Management for the Time being, and Two Members at the least of the said Committee, present at some Meeting of the said Committee of Management; and the said Committee of Management may require such Security to be given to the said Company of Proprietors, from any Officer or Officers, not being a Treasurer or Clerk of the said Company, or other Person, for the faithful Execution of their respective Duties, as they may think proper or reasonable.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings Proceedings of the said Company of Proprietors, and of the Committee of Manage- Books6** ment, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, signed by the and such Orders and Proceedings shall be signed by the Chairman for Chairman, the Time being of each respective Meeting, or for the Purposes of Adjournment only, by the Clerk of the said Company, and shall be deemed

and taken to be original Orders and Proceedings, and allowed to be read in Evidence in all Courts and Places whatsoever.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Pro- Calls to be prietors, or their Committee of Management for the Time being, shall paid‘ have full Power and Authority to make such Call or Calls for Money

from the several Proprietors or Subscribers of Shares in the said Undertaking, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, as the said Company or their said Committee of Management shall from Time to Time find expedient for the Purpose of the said Undertaking, so that no one such Call do exceed Five Pounds upon each Share of Fifty Pounds, and so that no Calls shall be made but at the Interval of Two Calendar Months at least from each other, and so that the total Amount of such Calls shall not exceed the Sums subscribed for by the several Proprietors, and that the several Sums of Money which shall be so called for

shall

132

Forfeit e of Shares.

Executors, &c. of deceased Proprietors indemnified for paying Calls.

For ascertaining the Proprietorship of Shares in certain Cases.

P GEORGII IV. Cap. ix.

shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Company for the Time being, at such Times and Places as shall be appointed by the said Company or such Committee of Management, of which Times and Places Ten Days Notice at least, in Writing, shall be given by the Clerk of the said Company to the several Persons liable to pay such (’alls, v\ hich Notice may be sent by the Post, or in such other Manner as the said Company or such Committee of Management shall direct in that Behalf; and that if any Person or Persons shad neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or theii Proportion of the Money so to be called for, during the Space of Two Calendar Months next after the Time appointed for Payment thereof, with lawful Interest for the same, from such appointed Time of Payment, then and in every such Case, such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing, shall absolutely forfeit all his, her, or their Share, Part, or Interest in the said Undertaking and Capital Stock, and all Profit and Advantage thereof, and all Money theretofore advanced by him, her, or them on account thereof, to and for the Use and Benefit of the Rest of the said Company; and that all Shares which shall be so forfeited shall or may be sold at a Public Sale for the most Money that can be gotten for the same, and the Produce thereof shall go to and make Part of the Capital or Joint Stock of the said Company, but nevertheless no Advantage shall be taken of any such Forfeiture of any Share or Shares, until after Ten Days Notice in Writing shall have been given by the Clerk of the said Company to the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place of Abode, nor unless the same Share or Shares shall be declared to be forfeited at some General or Special Assembly of the said Proprietors, held not sooner than Two Calendar Months after such Forfeiture shall take place; and every such Forfeiture when so declared, shall be an absolute Indemnification and Discharge to and far the Proprietor or Proprietors who shall have incurred such Forfeiture, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, against all Actions, Suits, and Proceedings whatsoever at Law or in Equity, for any Breach of Contract between such Proprietor or Proprietors so forfeiting, and the said Company, in regard to the future Prosecution of the said Undertaking.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be a Subscriber or Proprietor of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall die before Payment shall have been made by him or her of the full Amount, which under the Provisions of this Act may be called for by the said Company, in respect of such ShaTe or Shares in manner aforesaid, without having made any sufficient and effectual Provision by Will or otherwise, how the future Calls in respect of such Share or Shares are to be answered and satisfied, then and in every such Case the Executors or Administrators of such deceased Subscriber or Proprietor, and the Trustees or Guardians of any Infant or other Person entitled to the Estate and Effects of such deceased Subscriber or Proprietor respectively, shall be fully indemnified against such Infant, and all Persons whomsoever, in paying any Money which shall be duly called for in respect of such Share or Shares as aforesaid.

XXXV. And whereas in case any original Holder or Proprietor of one or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall die, become insolvent or bankrupt, or go out of the Kingdom, or shall transfer his or her

4 Right

133

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. ix.

Right and Interest to some other Person, and no Register shall have been made of the Transfer thereof with the Clerk to the said Company, it may not be in the Power of the said Company, or any Officer acting for the said Company, to learn who is or are the Owner or Proprietor, or Owners or Proprietors of such Share or Shares, in order to give him, her, or them, or his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns,

Notice or Notices of Calls to be made on such Share or Shares, and to maintain any Action or Actions, Suit, or other Proceeding against him, her, or them, or his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, for the Recovery of the same, or for the Purpose of safely paying to him, her, or them, or his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, the Interest or Dividends, to which he, she, or they may be entitled by virtue thereof; be it therefore further enacted.

That in all the Cases aforesaid, where the Right and Property in one or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall pass from the original Subscriber or Subscribers, or any Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, to any other Person or Persons, by any other legal Means than by a Transfer or Conveyance thereof, in the Form and Manner herein specified, an Affidavit shall be made and sworn to by Two credible Persons, before a Master Extraordinary of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery, or one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, stating the Manner in which such Share or Shares hath or have passed to such other Person or Persons, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns; and that such Affidavit shall be transmited to the Clerk of the said Company, to the Intent that he may enter and register the Name or Names of every such other Proprietor or Proprietors in the Register Book or List of Subscribers and Proprietors to the said Undertaking, to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Company; and that in all of any of the said Cases, after Three Calendar Months Notice in Writing shall have been given by the said Clerk to the Owner or Owners, or Person or Persons claiming by such Affidavit to be Owner or Owners thereof, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place of Abode, to pay his, her, or their Proportion of Money so to be called for, and such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall not have paid such his, her, or their Proportion as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Subscribers and Proprietors, at any General Meeting after the Expiration of such Notice, to declare at any General Meeting, the same Share or Shaies to be forfeited; and that in such Case, the same shall be and become forfeited, and shall and may be sold and disposed of, in such Manner as the said Subscribers and Proprietors, at any Meeting or Meetings, shall direct, or otherwise become consolidated in the General Fund of the said Company.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Shares may several Proprietors of the said Undertaking, their Executors, Administrators, be trans-Successors, and Assigns, to sell and transfer any Share or Shares of which ferreci* they shall respectively be possessed, and every such Transfer shall be in the Form and to the Effect following j (that is to say),

‘ J[crwe] of in consideration of Form of

* paid to me [or us] by of Transfer.

‘ hereby bargain, sell, and transfer, to the said the

4 Sum of Capital Stock of and in the Undertaking

‘ called The Derby Gas Light and Coke Company, ’ being my [or our]

[Local.} LI ‘ Share

134

Transfers to be registered.

No Shares to be sold after a Call till the Money is paid.

Dividends to be made yearly.

Profits not to exceed 51. per Share per Annum.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. ix.

4 Share or Shares, Number in the said Undertaking;

* to hold to the said Executors, Administrators, and

* Assigns, subject to the same Rules, Orders, and Restrictions, and on

e the same Conditions that I [or we] held the same immediately before the e Execution hereof; and I [or we] the said do hereby

agree to take and accept the said Share or Shares, subject to the same Rules, Orders, Restrictions, and Conditions. As witness our Hands and Seals, this Day of in

the Year of our Lord /

And every such Transfer shall be produced and notified to the Clerk of the said Company, and shall be entered or registered in the Books of the said Company; and the Entry or Registry thereof shall specify the Date, Names of the Parties, and the Number of Shares transferred, for which Entry or Registry the Sum of Five Shillings shall be paid to the Clerk or other Officer making the same, and a Copy of such Register, signed by the Clerk or Officer of the said Company, duly authorized thereto, shall be sufficient Evidence of every such Sale and Transfer, and received as such in all Disputes, and in all Trials before any Court in the United Kingdom; and that until such Transfer shall be entered or registered in the Books of the said Company as aforesaid, no Purchaser or Purchasers of any Share or Shares, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall have any Part or Share in the said Undertaking, or in the Profits and Advantages thereof, nor shall receive any Interest or Dividend for or in respect of such Share or Shares so purchased, nor be entitled to any Vote at any Meeting or Meetings as Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Undertaking.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when any Call for Money shall be made by virtue of this Act, no Person or Persons shall sell or transfer any Share or Shares which he, she, or they shall possess in the said Undertaking, after the Day appointed for the Payment of the said Call, until the Money so called for in respect of his, her, or their Share or Shares intended to be sold shall have been paid; and that until such Money so called for shall be paid, any such Sale or Transfer of the same Share or Shares shall be void.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That on the Twenty-fifth Day of March in every Year, or within Fourteen Days of the same, a yearly Dividend or Dividends shall be made by the Committee of Management for the Time being, out of the clear Profits of the said Undertaking, at a Meeting of the said Company, to be held at such Time as last aforesaid, unless the Proprietors of the said Undertaking shall at such Meeting declare otherwise j and such Dividend or Dividends shall be at and after the Rate of so much for every Fifty Pounds upon all and every Sum and Sums of Money paid to the said Company by such Proprietors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, as the said Company shall think fit at such Meeting or Meetings to appoint and determine: Provided always, that no Dividend shall be declared made or paid for Twelve Months after the passing of this Act.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Dividends on the clear Profits to be received by the said Company of Proprietors

5 from

1° GEORGII IV. Cap.'w.

from the said Undertaking, shall never exceed Five Pounds per Annum upon each Share of Fifty Pounds, unless a larger Dividend shall at any Time be necessary to make up the Deficiency of any previous Dividend or Dividends, when such previous Dividend or Dividends shall have fallen short of Five Pounds per Annum upon each Share of Fifty Pounds subscribed for the Purpose of the said Undertaking, such Dividend or Dividends being computed from the Time of passing this Act; and in order to ascertain the Amount of the clear Profits of the said Undertaking, the said Company shall and are hereby required, from the Time of passing this Act, to cause a true, exact, and particular Account to be kept, and annually made up and balanced to the Twenty-fifth Day of March in each Year, of the Money collected or received by them, or for their Use, by virtue of this Act, and of the Charges and Expences attending the erecting, making, supporting, maintaining, and carrying on the said Works $ and if the clear Profits of the said Undertaking shall at any Time amount to a larger Sum of Money than shall be sufficient to make a Distribution amongst the said Proprietors of Five Pounds per Annum upon every such Share, such Percentage to be computed and take place from the Time of passing this Act, then and in such Case the Excess or Surplus which shall be more than sufficient for the Purposes aforesaid shall from Time to Time be placed in the Hands of such Person or Persons, or on such Government or other Security or Securities, to answer any Deficiencies that may happen, in the next or any succeeding Year or Years, as the said Company shall for that Purpose order or direct, until such Excess or Surplus shall amoqnt to the Sum of One thousand Pounds; and the Interest or Dividends of such Sum or Sums so to be invested shall be paid and applied in like Manner as the Money to be received by or for the Use of the said Company, by virtue of this Act, is to be paid or applied j and every such annual Account as aforesaid, together with an Account of the Dividends and Interest to be from Time to Time received on all such Money, so to be placed out as aforesaid, shall be laid before the Justices of the Peace, at their Michaelmas Quarter Sessions to be holden for the said Borough of Derby next after the making up of every such annual Account; and if by any such annual Accounts it shall appear to the Justices at such Sessions, that there is a Surplus Profit from the said Undertaking to the Amount of One thousand Pounds or more, after paying a Dividend of Five Pounds per Annum upon every Share of Fifty Pounds on the said Joint Stock, then and in every such Case, the said Committee of Management for the Time being shall and are hereby authorized and required, by an Order to be made at such Sessions, or at any Adjournment thereof, to make such Reduction, and in such Proportions and Manner, in the Price or Prices of Gas to be furnished by the, said Company for One Year then next, as the said Committee of Management shall think proper, the Reduction not being such as to leave the Price of Gas lower than after the Rate of Seven Shillings and Sixpence for One thousand Cubic Feet of such Gas, unless such Rate shall be dearer than could then be afforded from Oil, then the same shall be reduced to that Rate, or so as that by such Reduction, the clear Profits of the said Company for that Year, may not, in the Judgment of the said Justices, be sufficient to pay the Sum of Five Pounds per Annum upon every Share of Fifty Pounds in the said Joint Stock, over and above such surplus Profits as aforesaid: Provided always nevertheless, that if by Accident or any unforeseen Event which shall happen to the Works of the said Company, or to any Apparatus

136 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. ix.

belonging thereto, and by the Allowance of such Reduction in the Rates or Prices of Gas as aforesaid, the said Sum of One thousand Pounds, the Excess or Surplus of the said Capital or Joint Stock of the said Company, shall be reduced to a less Sum than Eight hundred Pounds, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Committee of Management for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized and required, by an Order to be made at any Sessions to be holden for the said Borough of Derby next after the making up of the then current annual Account, or of any Adjournment thereof, to make such Increase in the Rates, in such Proportions and in such Manner as the said Committee of Management shall think proper, in the Price or Prices of Gas, to be furnished by the said Company, as in the Judgment of the said Justices will be sufficient to restore the said Excess or Surplus Capital to the Sum of One thousand Pounds at the least, and also be sufficient to make a Dividend of the clear Profits of the said Company to as near Five Pounds per Annum upon every such Share as may be; and for the better ascertaining the Truth of the said Accounts, it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, at any such General Quarter Sessions as aforesaid, when and as often as they shall think fit, to authorize any Person to examine the Books in which the said Accounts shall be entered and kept, and to take Copies thereof, or such Extracts therefrom as they shall think proper; and every such Person shall be permitted at all seasonable Times to examine such Books, and to take such Copies or Extracts as aforesaid, without paying any thing for the same; and the Justices at any such Sessions may examine any Witnesses upon Oath touching the Truth of the said Accounts.

Power for the Company to pay off the Subscriptions by Instalments of 251. per Cent, after they shall have received a Dividend of 51. for each Share of 501., and 1,000l. shall have been funded for Contingencies, and the Price of Gas reduced.

XL. And whereas it would be greatly for the Benefit and Advantage of the Inhabitants of the said Borough of Derby, if the Profits of the said Undertaking, after paying a Dividend of Five Pounds per Annum upon every Share of Fifty Pounds on the said Joint Stock, and providing the said Sum of One thousand Pounds to answer any Deficiencies that may happen to the said Undertaking as aforesaid, and reducing the Price of Gas to or after the Rate herein-before mentioned, were by Accumulation sufficient for, and the same were appropriated and applied towards paying off and discharging 'the Sum and Sums of Money which have been or shall be hereafter subscribed and advanced for the Purposes of this Act; be it therefore enacted, That from and immediately after the Price of Gas to be furnished by the said Company shall be reduced to and charged by them at the Rate of Seven Shillings and Sixpence for One thousand Cubic Feet thereof, such Rate being cheaper than could be afforded from Oil, and the said Company of Proprietor shall have received a Dividend of Five Pounds upon each Share of Fifty Pounds so subscribed as aforesaid, and the said Sum of One thousand Pounds shall have accumulated and been funded for Contingencies as aforesaid, the then Surplus Profits shall be an accumulating Fund for the Purposes herein-after specified; and that when it shall appear to the said Justices of the Peace for the said Borough, by such annual Accounts as aforesaid, that such accumulated Fund shall be equal to the Discharge of Twenty-five Pounds per Centum upon the Money which shall have been advanced or subscribed for the Purposes of the said Undertaking, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices, and they are hereby required, at their Michaelmas Quarter Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, to order and direct such

137

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. ix.

accumulated Fund to be appropriated and applied in the Redemption, paying off, and discharging, to the Amount of Twenty-five Pounds per Centum on the several and respective Shares of the Proprietors for the Time being of and in the said Joint Stock; and that when and so often as by any such annual Accounts as aforesaid, it shall appear to the said Justices of the said Borough, at their Michaelmas Quarter Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, that there is, after paying such Dividends as the Proprietors in the said Joint Stock shall by the Provisions of this Act be then entitled to, and providing the said Sum of One thousand Pounds for Contingencies as aforesaid, and furnishing Gas at the reduced Price aforesaid, a further accumulated Fund that shall be equal to the Discharge of Twenty-five Pounds per Centum on the then unredeemed Portion of the Money which shall have been advanced and subscribed for as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices, and they are hereby required to order and direct such last-mentioned acumulated Fund to be appropriated and applied in like Manner in the Redemption, paying off and discharging* a further Sum of Twenty-five Pounds per Centum on the then unredeemed Portion of the Shares of the Proprietors for the Time being of and in the said Joint Stock, and so on in like Manner, from Time to Time, until the Whole thereof together with Interest after the Rate and in Manner aforesaid, shall be fully paid off and discharged; and that when and so soon as the said Company of Proprietors shall have received the Whole of the Sums of Money which shall have been by them subscribed and advanced for the Purposes of thi9 Act as aforesaid, with Interest for the same after the Rate and in Manner herein before stipulated, the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall not have or be entitled to receive any further Interest, Dividends, or Profits, which shall arise from the future carrying on the said Undertaking; and that no higher Rate or Price for Gas shall from thenceforth be demanded or taken than shall be sufficient for the Purpose of supporting, extending, and carrying on the said Undertaking.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to Company, and their Successors, and they are hereby fully authorized and break uPtlie empowered, subject to the Provisions and Restrictions herein mentioned, So>1, P^e" by their Servants, Agents, Workmen, and others, from Time to Time to streets &c. make and erect such Retorts, Gasometers, Receivers and Buildings,

Cisterns, Engines, Machines, and other Apparatus, Cuts, Drains, Sewers, Watercourses, Reservoirs, and other Works; and to sink and lay Pipes of such Construction and in such Manner as the said Company shall think necessary or proper for carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution; and also in a careful and workmanlike Manner, doing thereby as little Damage as may be, to break up the Soil, Pitchings, and Pavements of any Streets, Highways, Roads, Ways, Footpaths, Lanes, and Passages, within the said Borough, and to dig and sink Trenches and Drains, and lay Mains or Pipes, and put Stopcocks, Drain Boxes, Plugs, or Branches from such Pipes, in, under, across, and along such Streets,

Highways, Roads, Ways, Footpaths, Lanes, and Passages, and in such Manner as shall be necessary for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, or supplying any such Light as aforesaid j and from Time to Time to alter the Position of, and to repair, relay, and maintain such Pipes,

Stopcocks, Drain Boxes, and Plugs or Branches j and also to make [Local.Tj M in such

138

Liberty to proceed without Direction of Commissioners after Notice.]

After Consent allowed for Company to do any Works, no further Consent necessary.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. ix.

such Sewers or Cuts, of such Breadth, Depth, and Dimensions, and in such Manner as shall be deemed expedient, under the Streets, Lanes, and other public Places within the said Borough, for the Purpose of carrying off the Washings and waste Liquids which may arise in the Prosecution of the Works aforesaid; and also to alter or amend any Work which shall have been placed when and where the same shall be bad and imperfect; and to do all such other Acts, Matters, and Things, of the same or the like Nature, as shall from Time to Time be necessary and convenient for the Purposes of carrying this Act into Execution: Provided always, that the Soil, Pitchings, and Pavements of any Streets, Highways, Roads, Ways, Footpaths, Lanes, and Passages, within the present or future Jurisdiction of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Borough of Derby aforesaid, or the Commissioners acting under the said recited Act, for paving and lighting the said Borough, or the Trustees or Surveyors under whose Care or Superintendence the same Streets, Highways, Roads, Ways, Footpaths, Lanes, and Passages, or any of them respectively, may be for the Time being, shall be broken up only under the inspection of the Surveyors or Agents acting for the said Mayor and Burgesses, Commissioners, Trustees, or Surveyors of Highways respectively, (Emergencies excepted).

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Mayor and Burgesses, Commissioners, Trustees, or Surveyors of Highways shall neglect or refuse to inspect any of the Works hereinbefore authorized to be executed under their Inspection as aforesaid, after being thereunto required by Notice in Writing from the Clerk or any Engineer of the said Company, given to or left at their respective Places of Abode, at least Twenty-four Hours before any such Work shall be done (except inCases of Emergency arising from Defects in any Trenches, Mains, Pipes, Drain Boxes, Stopcocks, Plugs, or Branches, when Tvfo Hours Notice shall be deemed sufficient) then the said Company, or their Committee of Management for the Time being, are hereby fully authorized to do and perform the Works specified in such Notice, without the Inspection of the said Mayor and Burgesses, Commissioners, Trustees, or Surveyors of Highways, or other Persons so acting as aforesaid; and provided likewise, that the Regulations herein-before contained shall not extend or be construed to prevent the said Company or their said Committee of Management, from doing all such Repairs as shall from Time to Time be requisite and necessary to be done in and about any of their Works, which shall have been originally executed under the Direction of the said Mayor and Burgesses, Commissioners, Trustees, or Surveyors of Highways, or such other Persons so acting as aforesaid, Notice ih Writing nevertheless of the intended Repairs being first given in ail Cases, in order that such Surveyors or other Persons so acting as aforesaid, may attend to inspect the Execution Of such Repairs if they shall think it proper so to do.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Consent is necessary to be and shall be obtained by the said Company, to break or take up of remove any Stones, Ground, Soil, or Pavement whatsoever or wheresoever, in order to lay down any Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes to convey Gas, or for any other Purpose which may be required under this Act, nothing in this Act contained, after such Consent obtained as aforesaid, and after Twenty-four Houfrs previous Notice, or

139

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. ix.

in case of Emergency, after Two Hours previous Notice in Writing from the said Company, or their Clerk, Surveyor, or Engineer, given to or left at the Place of Abode of any Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of any Dwelling Hou9e or Dwelling Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, having given such Consent as aforesaid, shall be deemed or construed to extend to prevent the said Company from repairing such Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes, or from breaking or taking up or removing any Stones, Ground, Soil, or Pavement whatsoever, for the Purpose of laying down or repairing any such Main or Mains, or any Pipe or Pipes whatever, or for any other Purpose which may be required under this Act.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Workmen Pavements employed in laying or repairing any such Mains, Pipes, 'Plugs, Cocks, to ade Stopcocks, Drain Boxes, Branches, or other Apparatus, shall do as little p°pe3'argn Damage as may be, and shall forthwith fill in the Trenches, and make iajd. good the Pavements and Roads, and carry away the Rubbish occasioned by such Works, and repair any Damage arising from any Drains, Sewers, or Cuts which may be made for carrying off the Washings or waste Liquids to be produced from the said Works, without any Delay; and shall in the meantime fence or guard the Place or Places where any Ground shall be opened, in such Manner as to prevent Accidents to Passengers, Cattle, and Carriages, and to set up Lamps or Lights at or near the same during the Night, in such Manner as to prevent Occidents to Passengers, Cattle, and Carriage ', under and subject to such Orders and Directions as shall from Time to Time be given in any of the aforesaid respects by the said Commissioners or other Persons so acting as aforesaid, or their Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being, the same several and respective Acts to be done to the Satisfaction of the Surveyors for the Time being, of the said Mayor and Burgesses, Commissioners or Trustees respectively, in all Cases where such Mains, Pipes, Plugs, Cocks,

Drain Boxes, Branches, or other Apparatus, shall be laid or repaired in or under any of the public Streets, Roads, Ways, Footpaths, or other Places now or hereafter to be within the said Borough, and under the Jurisdiction of the said Mayor and Burgesses, Commissioners or Trustees, and to the Satisfaction of the respective Surveyors of any Roads or Highways which may be so broken up, and to the Satisfaction of the Owner or Owners of the Soil for the Time being in all other Places; and and that in every such Case all reasonable Costs and Charges incurred therein shall be refunded and paid by the said Company, together with the Sum of Five Pounds by way of Penalty for every such Offence:Provided also, that if there shall be any wilful or negligent Delay in the said Company of Proprietors, or in any of their Agents or Servants, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, in filling in any such Ground, or removing Rubbish, or making good any such Pavements or Roads as aforesaid, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor and Burgesses, Commissioners or Trustees, or their Surveyors, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, as to any Street, Highway, Way, Lane, Passage, or Place within their Jurisdiction as aforesaid so broken up, and to and for the Owner or Owners of the Soil for the Time being in all other Places, to fill in such Ground and remove such Rubbish, and repair and make good any Pavement or Road so broken up j and the reasonable

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. ix.

Costs and Charges thereof shall be paid by the said Company of Proprietors or their Treasurer, to the said Surveyor or Owner or Owners, as the Case may require; and in Default of Payment thereof for Ten Days next after Demand shall be made by such Surveyor or Surveyors, or by such Owner or Owners, Proof of such Demand being made by the Oath of One credible Witness, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Borough, all such reasonable Costs and Charges, together with any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds by way of Penalty, shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company of Proprietors, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of any such Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Borough, which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant; and such Costs, Charges, and Penalty shall be paid to the said Mayor and Burgesses, Commissioners or Trustees, or their Treasurer or Surveyors of Highways, or as the Case may require, to the said Owner or Owners.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company to make such Sewers or Cuts of such Breadth, "Depth, and Dimensions, and in such Manner as they shall think expedient, under the Streets, Ways, Lanes, and Avenues and Places within the said Borough of Derby, for the Purpose of carrying off the Washings which may arise in the Prosecution of the Works aforesaid; the said Company doing as little Damage as may be in making the said Sewers and Cuts, and immediately repairing at their own Expence all such Damage; provided that none of such Washings shall be conducted or conveyed into any River, Brook, or Stream of Water whatsoever#

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if m carrying into Execution Waterworks^ any °^le Powers or Authorities by this Act given or granted, any Injury or Damage shall be done or committed to any of the Pipes, Branches, Apparatus, Materials or Things, of or belonging to the Derby Waterwork Proprietors, or to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, having the Right, Privilege, or Power to supply the Inhabitants of the said Borough with Water, either by removing or disturbing the Ground or Soil wherein or whereon the same is or are laid or placed, or by the Compression and subsequent settling or lowering of the same, at any Time or Times afterwards, or by any other Means whatsoever, the said Company shall, at their own Expence, Costs, and Charges, within Three Dap next after Notice in Writing to them given, by the Surveyor for the Time being of the said Derby Waterwork Proprietors, or other the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, having the Right, Privilege, or Power to supply the Inhabitants of the said Borough with Water, cause such Pipes, Branches, Apparatus, Materials and Things to be well and effectually repaired and amended; and in Default or Neglect thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Derby Waterwork Proprietors, or other the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, having the Right, Privilege, or Power to supply the Inhabitants of the said Borough with Water, or their Agent or Surveyor for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to cause such Pipes, Branches, Apparatus, Materials and Things so injured or damaged as aforesaid, to be effectually repaired, amended, and made good, and the reasonable

140

141

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. ix.

reasonable Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences attending the same, shall be paid and defrayed by the said Company or their Treasurer; and if they cannot agree touching the Amount or Value thereof, the same shall be ascertained and settled by Two Justices of the Peace for the said Borough, who are hereby authorized to hear and determine the same, and their Determination therein shall be final and conclusive; and such Damages and Expences, together with such Costs and Charges as shall be by them allowed, shall be levied and recovered by Warrant of Distress under their Hands and Seals, in like Manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures are by this Act authorized to be recovered.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if it shall at any Time or Times be deemed necessary or expedient by Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Borough, upon the Application of the Commissioners for paving the said Borough, or of the said Derby Water work Proprietors, or other the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, having the Right, Privilege, or Power to supply the Inhabitants of the said Borough with Water, to require the said Company to raise, sink, or otherwise alter the Situation of any of the Mains, Pipes, Stopcocks, Plugs, Drain Boxes or Branches which shall be laid down for the Purposes aforesaid, then and in every such Case the said Company shall, at their own Expence, within Two Calendar Months next after being required so to do, by Notice in Writing to them given by the said Commissioners or Waterwork Proprietors, or other the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, having the Right, Privilege, or Power to supply the Inhabitants of the said Borough with Water, signed by their Clerk or Surveyor respectively, raise, sink, or alter such Mains, Pipes, Stopcocks, Drain Boxes, Plugs, or Branches, according to such Notice, in such Manner, and in such Place or Places, as the said Commissioners or Waterwork Proprietors, or other the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, having the Right, Privilege, or Power to supply the Inhabitants of the said Borough with Water shall think right and proper; and in Default thereof it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Waterwork Proprietors, or other the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, having the Right, Privilege, or Power to supply the Inhabitants of the said Borough with Water, or their respective Surveyors, or any other Person or Persons acting by their Order or under their Authority, to cause such Mains, Pipes, Cocks, Plugs, Drain Boxes or Branches to be raised, sunk, or altered, and the reasonable Costs and Charges for doing the same shall immediately thereafter be paid by the said Company or their Treasurer: Provided nevertheless, that if such reasonable Costs and Charges be not paid within thirty Days next after Demand shall be made by such Surveyor or other Person acting by or under the Authority of the said Commissioners or Water-work Proprietors, or other the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, having the Right, Privilege, or Power to supply the Inhabitants of the said Borough with Water, (Proof of such Demand being made by the Oath of One credible Witness, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Borough), all such reasonable Costs and Charges shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, and which Warrant such [Local.] N n Justice

Commissioners of Pave-

raise, sink, or alter Pipes, &tc. with Consent of Justices.

142

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. ix.

Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant; and such CdstS and Charges shall be paid to the said Commissioners, or to the said Derby Waterwork Proprietors, or other the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, having the Right, Privilege, or Power to supply the Inhabitants of the said Borough with Water, (as the Case may be,) or to their respective Treasurers.

D&raage to be made good Company.

the

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if by raising, sinking, or altering any of the said Mains, Pipes, Cocks, Plugs, Drain Boxes or Branches, any Damage or Injury shall be wilfully or negligently done to the same by the said Commissioners for paving the said Borough, or by the said Waterwork Proprietors, or other the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, having the Right, Privilege, or Power to supply the Inhabitants of the said Borough with Water, or their Servants or Workmen, then and in every such Case such Damage or Injury shall be repaired and made good by the Company themselves* as soon as Circumstances will permit, and the Costs, Charges, and Expences thereof shall be paid by the said Commissioners or Water-work Proprietors, or other the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, having the Right, Privilege, or Power to supply the Inhabitants of the said Borough with Water, (as the Case may be), to the said Company or their Treasurer *, and in case they cannot agree touching the Amount thereof, the same, and also the Costs and Charges of ascertaining and recovering the same, shall be ascertained, settled and recovered in the Manner herein-before mentioned and appointed for ascertaining and recovering the Amount of the Injury or Damage done or to be done by the said Company to the Pipes, Branches, Apparatus, Materials or Things, of or belonging to the said Water-work Proprietors.

Company to

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commis-contract with sioners already appointed or hereafter to be appointed for, or having the Commis- Controul and Superinfendance of the Paving and Lighting of the several Pavin* and Squares, Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places within the said L^htfng" Borough, shall at any Time or Times hereafter be desirous of having such

of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages and Places, as at the Time of passing this Act are lighted in the usual Manner, to be lighted with Gas, the said Company of Proprietors shall and they are hereby directed and required to contract and agree with the said Commissioners, to light the same with Gas upon the Terms and Conditions herein-after specified; (that is to say), that the said Company shall supply such Quantity of Gas Lights at such Number of Lamps with such Sorts of Burners, of such Dimensions, Constructions, and Qualities, to be set Up in such Situations, and to continue burning at such Times, and for such Number of Hours, and under such Regulations, as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time direct, upon the said Company’s receiving annually for every such Public Lamp so required, some yearly Price or Sum, to be mutually arranged and contracted for once in every Three Years, oroftener, between the said Commissioners and the said Company; it being hereby provided nevertheless, and made obligatory upon the said Company, that the Gas Lights which shall be supplied by the said Company for the public Lighting of the said Borough shall at all Times be cheaper and better Lights than could be afforded from Oil; and that the Branch or Service Pipe, which shall be set up by the said Comp-ny to io supply

143

1* GEORGII IV. Cap. ix.

supply the Gas for such public Lighting, shall in all Cases be of a Diameter not less than Half an Inch in the Bore, and shall be kept fully charged with Gas wheresoever it shall be necessary for the Purpose of such public Lighting as aforesaid,

L. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons who Recovery of shall contract with the said Company, or agree to take, or shall use or Rents., enjoy the Benefit of the said Gas in their private Dwellings, Shops, Inns,

Taverns, or other public or private Buildings or Manufactories, shall refuse or neglect, for the Space of Ten Days after Demand in Writing, to pay the Sum or Sums of Money then due for the same to the said Company, it shall be lawful for the said Company, or their Clerk or Super-intendant, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said Borough, to levy the said Sum or Sums in respect whereof such Refusal or Neglect shall happen, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand to such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting, after the necessary Charges of making such Distress and Sale shall be first deducted; or the same with Costs of Suit may be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action' of Debt or on the Case, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and also that after such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company, or their Clerk or Engineer, 'or any other Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, to cause the Gas so supplied to any such private Dwell-lings, Shops, Inns, Taverns, or other public or private Buildings, Manufactories or Places as aforesaid, to be withheld in such Manner as the said Company, or their Clerk or Engineer, shall for that Purpose think proper.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall lay or cause to be laid any Iron, Leaden, or other Pipe to communicate with any Pipe belonging to the said Company, without the Consent of the said Company first had and obtained, nor use any Burner or Burners than such as shall be provided by the said Company, or use Burners of larger Dimensions than he, she, or they respectively shall contract or pay for, or supply any Inhabitant or other Person with any Part of such Gas, on pain of forfeiting and paying to the said Company the Sum of Fifty Pounds for each and every such Offence, and also the Sum of Forty Shillings a Day for every Day such Pipe shall so remain, or such Burner or Burners which shall not have been provided by the said Company shall be used, or such Excess be so committed, or such Supply furnished, to be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Borough, and which Warrant such Jusuce or Justices is and are hereby required and empowered to grant; and the Surplus, after such Penalty or Forfeiture, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels j and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or such Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed

laid without Consent of the Company.

144

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. ix.

mitted to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the said Borough, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for such Time as such Justice or Justices shall direct, not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Forfeiture and all reasonable Charges shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and it shall be lawful for the said Company, if they shall so think fit, also to take off the Gas from the House and Premises of the Person so offending by such Supply of Gas as aforesaid, notwithstanding any Contracts or Agreements which may have been previously entered into.

Penalty for

LII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully, wantonly, wilfully or maliciously remove, take away, break, destroy, damage, or injure any or any Part of any Pipe, Pedestal, Post, Plug, Lamp, or other Apparatus, p’Matter, or Thing, belonging to the said Company, or shall wilfully, wantonly, or maliciously extinguish or put out any or either of the public Lamps and Lights, or wilfully or maliciously waste any of the inflammable Air or Gas supplied by the said Company, every Person so offending in any one or either of the Cases aforesaid, and being thereof lawfully convicted on the Oath of One credible Witness, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Borough, shall, for each such separate and distinct Offence, forfeit and pay to the aforesaid Company arry Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings, and Three Times the Amount of the Damage to be done, as the same shall be ascertained by such Justice or Justices; such Penalty and Damage, together with reasonable Costs, to be levied under the Warrant of such Justice or Justices, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender, returning the Overplus (if any) on Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels; or if it shall appear to the said Justice or Justices either by Confession or otherwise, that the Offender or Offenders hath or have not any Goods or Chattels sufficient to levy such Forfeiture or Damage as aforesaid, such Offender or Offenders shall or may be forthwith committed to the House of Correction, or to the Common Gaol for the said Borough, there to remain for any Time to be fixed, not exceeding Three Calendar Months, or until such Forfeiture, Damages, and Costs shall be paid and satisfied.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall ' carelessly or accidentally break, destroy, throw down, damage, or injure any Lamp or Lamps, hung out, set up, or belonging to the said Company, or by any Person or Persons at his, her, or their private Expence, or any Pipe, Pedestal, Post, Plug, or other Apparatus, Matter, or Thing belonging thereto, or to the said Company, or carelessly or accidentally waste any of the inflammable Air or Gas supplied by the said Company, or keep the Lights burning for a longer Time than he, she, or they respectively shall contract to pay for, and shall not, upon Demand by the said Company, or their Clerk or Superintendant, or other Person or Persons authorized by them, make Satisfaction for the Damage done, or the Excess of Gas obtained and used, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Borough, and he or they is and are hereby required, upon Complaint to him or them made, to summon before him or them the Party or Parties against whom such Complaint shall be preferred; and upon hearing the Allegations and Proofs on both Sides, or on Non-appearance of the Party or

Parties

Satisfaction for accidental Damage to Lamps, tk. c.

145

1* GEORGII IV. Cap. ix.

Parties so complained against, to award such Sum or Sums of Money, by way of Satisfaction to the said Company, or to such other Person or Persons (as the Case may require) for such Damages or Excess as such Justice or Justices shall think reasonable; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to pay any Sum or Sums so awarded, within Three Days after Demand, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices, or any one of them, and he and they is and are hereby required to cause the same to be raised and levied in such and the like Manner as any Fine,

Penalty, or Forfeiture is by this Act directed to be raised and levied.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Gas shall be found to escape from any of the Pipes which shall be laid down or set up by the ESc^Jeg0f said Company in pursuance of this Act, the said Company shall, at Gas. their own Expence, immediately after receiving Notice in Writing of any such Escape of Gas, signed by an Inhabitant Householder of the said Borough, who shall be aggrieved by any such Escape of Gas, cause the most speedy and effectual Measures to be taken to stop and prevent such Gas from escaping; and in case the said Company shall not within Twenty-four Hours next after such Notice in Writing being given of any such Escape of Gas, proceed to discover and prevent the Gas from escaping, and to remove the Cause of Complaint, that then and in every such Case the said Company shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Penalty or Sum of Forty Shillings for each and every Day after the Expiration of Twenty-four Hours from the Expiration of any such Notice, during which Time the said Company shall neglect to take the necessary Steps for preventing the Escape of such Gas as aforesaid $ which Penalty shall from Time toTimeberecoverableinasummary Way, on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before some One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Borough, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company, by the Warrant of any such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, to be granted in like Manner, and subject to the like Provisions, and to be recovered and applied in Manner herein-before directed, touching other Penalties to be recovered from the said Company.

LV. And be it further enacted, That when any Body or Bodies Penalty for Politic or Corporate, Inhabitant Householder of the said Borough, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, shall be aggrieved by any Nuisances, public or private Nuisance to be committed by the said Company, or any of their Officers, Servants, or Workmen, in respect of any Works of the said Company, or the Means which shall be employed by them in manufacturing the said Gas, and using the same, or furnishing such Light as aforesaid, or from any other Cause whatever, and shall give Notice in Writing to the said Company of the Existence of any such public or private Nuisance, the said Company shall, at their own Expence, cause the most speedy and effectual Measures to be taken to remove and abate such public or private Nuisance from continuing; and in case the said Company shall, within Three Days next after such Notice in Writing being given as aforesaid of any such public or private Nuisance, neglect to remove and abate the same to the Satisfaction of Two Justices of the Peace for the said Borough, that then and in every such Case the said Company shall, for every Day such public or private Nuisance shall be permitted to exist after the Expiration of such Notice, forfeit and pay the Penalty [Low/.] O o or

146

Company to be liable to Indictment for Nuisances and Damages

For compelling the Attendance of Witnesses, and respecting Service of Notices.

Persons giving false Evidence to be punished.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. ix.

or Sum of Forty Shillings for each and every Day after the Expiratiofi of Three Days from the Time of receiving any such Notice, during which-the said public or private Nuisance shall be permitted or suffered to exist, which Penalty shall, "from Time to Time, be recoverable on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, by Information to be laid and exhibited before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Borough, and shall and may be recovered, with all reasonable Charges, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company, by the Warrant of any such Justice or Justices as aforesaid, to be granted in like Manner and subject to the like Provisions, and to be recovered and go to and be paid as herein-before directed, touching other Penalties to be recovered from the said Company.

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any Person or Persons from proceeding by Indictment or otherwise against any of the Officers, Servants, or Workmen of the said Company, in respect of any Works or the Means which shall be employed by them in making the said Gas and using the same, or furnishing such Light as aforesaid, as a public or private Nuisance, or from bringing any Action or Actions against the said Company, or any of their Officers, Servants or Workmen, for any Injury sustained by reason of any such Works, or the Use of the said Gas, or the Method of lighting therewith, whether such Injury shall proceed from the Preparation or Use of the same Gas, or the Method of lighting.or the Carelessness or Want of Skill of the Persons employed therein, or from any other Cause whatsoever.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, touching any Matter contained in any Information or Complaint for any Offence against this Act, either on behalf of the Prosecution, or or behalf of the Person or Persons accused, and shall refuse or neglect to appear from Time to Time at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for his, her, or their Refusal or Neglect of appearing, or appearing shall refuse to be examined upon Oath, (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to administer), and to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, then and in every such Case every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, provided a reasonable Sum shall have been paid or tendered to such Person for Attendance as a Witness; and that in all Cases of Notices and Summonses by this Act directed or required to be given or served, which shall or may be necessary for carrying into Execution any of the Powers of this Act, the Service of any such Notices or Summonses, either on the Person or Persons to whom the same ought to be given, or leaving the same or a true Copy thereof at his, her, or their Dwelling House, or usual or last Place of Abode, shall be good and sufficient Service of any and every such Notices.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Witness or Witnesses who shall be examined by or before any Justice of the Peace or otherwise under this Act, upon Oath, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, and shall be thereof convicted, he, she, or they so giving false Evidence,

shall

147

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. ix.

shall be subject to the same Punishment as if he, she, or they had been convicted of Perjury.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures for Recovery and all and every the Offences in this Act mentioned, in relation to which the Application Manner of convicting the Offenders, or of applying the Penalties is not par- of Penalties, ticularly mentioned or directed, shall be adjudged by and recovered before any Justice of the Peace for the said Borough, in a summary Way, and such Justice is hereby authorized and empowered to convict the Offender or Offenders upon Information by the Oath of any Person or Persons, or on the Confession of the Party offending (which Oath such Justice is hereby authorized to administer), and in default of Payment of such Penalties or Forfeitures, the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice; and One Moiety of the Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained (the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deducted) shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof shall be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish or Township where the Offence shall be committed; and in case such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith upon Conviction, then it shall and may be lawful for such Justice to order the Offender or Offenders so convicted to be detained in safe Custody, until Return can be conveniently made of such Warrant of Distress, unless the same Offender or Offenders shall give sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Justice for his or their Appearance before him, on such Day or Days as shall be appointed for the Return of such Warrant of Distress, such Day or Days not being more than Ten Days from the Time of taking any such Security, and which Security the said Justice is hereby empowered to take by way of Recognizance or otherwise; but if upon the Return of such Warrant it shall appear that no sufficient Distress can be had thereupon, then it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction, or to the Common Gaol for the said Borough, for any Time to be fixed not exceeding Three Calendar Months, or until such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Costs shall be paid and satisfied.

LX. And, for the more easy Conviction of Offenders against the Provisions of this Act, or any such Order or Bye Law as aforesaid, be it further enacted, That a Conviction in the Form or to the Effect following shall be good, without alledging more than the Substance of the Offence; (that is to say).

Form of

* [or are, as the Case may be~] convicted before me [or us, as the Case may be] [or as the Case may be] of His Majesty's Justices of the

4 Peace for the Borough of Derby, in the County of Derby, of having [here state the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where the same was committed, ]contrary to an Act of Parliament [or, contrary to an Order or Bye 4. Law duly made in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, as the Case may be,]

in the Conviction js for Offences.

148

Informations to be lodged within Two Months.

Distresses not unlawful for want of Form.

Proceedings not to be quashed for want of

removed by Certiorari.

Justices not disqualified from acting by being Commissioners.

Directing what shall be deemed a Service of Notices, &c. on the Company.

1* GEORGII IV. Cap. ix.

* passed in the First Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled

‘ j'here insert the Title of this Act] for which Offence, I [or, we, as the c Case may be] do adjudge the said

4 to have forfeited the Sum of Given under my

* Hand and Seal [or, as the Case may be, our Hands and Seals] the Day f and Year first above written.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall be subject or liable to the Payment of any Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture imposed by this Act for any Offence or Offences against the same, or any Order or Bye Law made in pursuance thereof, herein-before made cognizable before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, unless Information respecting such Offence or Offences shall have been lodged before some Justice or Justices of the Peace, within Two Calendar Months next after the committing of such Offence or Offences.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied under the Authority of this Act, or any Order or Bye Law made in pursuance thereof, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor shall the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Defect or Want of Form in any Proceeding relating thereto, nor a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any subsequentl r-regularity in the prosecuting of such Distress j but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover Satisfaction for special Damages by Action on the Case.

LXni. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender against this Act, or any Order or Bye Law made in pursuance thereof, nor any Judgment or Determination to be made, or any other Matter or Thing, to be done or transacted in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed for Want of Form only, or be removed by Certiorari or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Justice of the Peace shall be disqualified from acting as a Justice in any Case whatsoever relative to the Execution of this Act, by reason only of any such Justice being One of the Commissioners for paving, lighting, or other the Regulation and Improvement of the said Borough.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases wherein it may be requisite or necessary for any Person or Persons, or Party or Parties to serve any Notice or Notices upon the said Company, or any Writ or Writs, or other legal Proceedings, the Service thereof upon the Clerk of the said Company, or at the Office of such Clerk, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode, or at the Office of the said Company j or in case the same respectively shall not be found or known, then Service upon any Member of the said Committee, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode, or upon any Agent or other Officer employed by the said Company, or left at his 5 last

149

1* GEORGII IV. CapAx.

last or usual Place of Abode, shall be deemed good and sufficient Service of the same respectively on the said Company.

LXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Body or Appeal may Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or any other Person or Persons be^made to whomsoever, thinking himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Rule, Order, or Bye Law of the said Company of Proprietors, or anything done in pursuance thereof, or by the Order or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace in pursuance of this Act, may, within Four Calendar Months after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County or Place where the Cause of Appeal shall have arisen, the Person or Persons appealing having first given at least Fourteen clear Days Notice of such Appeal, and of the Nature and Matter thereof, to the Person or Persons appealed against, or to the Clerk of the said Company, as representing the said Company, and forthwith after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the County or Place, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order and Award of the said Court thereon; and the said Justices, upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into, shall, in a summary Way, hear and determine such Complaint at such General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or if they think proper may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for such County or Place, and if they see cause, may mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of any such Rule, Bye Law, Order, or Determination; and shall and may also award such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured, or Costs to either of the Parties, as they shall judge reasonable and proper; and all such Determinations of the said Justices shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Parties, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Saving of this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to defeat, Rights, abridge, obstruct, or in any Manner interfere with the Powers and Authorities of the Mayor and Burgesses of the said Borough, or of the Commissioners acting under the Authority of the said Act, for paving and lighting the said Borough, or of any other Act or Acts which hereafter shall be in force for the Regulation and Improvement of the said Borough, or of any Trustees, Surveyors, or other Persons having the Control, Superintendance, Direction, or Management of lighting or paving the said Borough; or the Rights of any Person or Persons whomsoever to pave, amend, or repair any of the said Streets, Ways, or public Places, or to make, enlarge, repair, or amend any Sewer, Drain, or Vault under any Street, Way, or public Place within the said Borough; or the Rights,

Powers and Authorities of the Trustees acting under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament for repairing and amending the several Turnpike Roads passing through the said Borough, or the Right and Privilege which the said Derby Waterwork Proprietors now enjoy of supplying the Inhabitants of the said Borough with Water, by means of Pipes laid under the Streets, Lanes, and public Places within the said Borough, or any of the other Seigniories, Rights, Royalties, Franchises, Powers or Authorities now held and enjoyed by the said Mayor and Burgesses within the [Local.'] P p said

150

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. ix.

said Borough, and which are from henceforth to be held and enjoyed by them, in the same full and ample Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not been passed, save only so far as the same may be affected by the due and lawful Exercise of the Powers hereby vested in the said Company.

SeAct68 of

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences of applying for, obtaining, and passing this Act, or otherwise incurred in relation to the same, shall be paid and discharged by the said Company, or their Committee of Management, out of the Monies already subscribed for the Purposes of this Act.

[Public Act.]

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1820.

ANNO PRIMO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

ft* tOO

Cap. x.

An Act for incorporating the City of Gloucester Gas Light Company.

[22(1 June 1820.]

WHEREAS in and by an Act passed in the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for enabling the Governor and Guardians 59G. 3. C. 69. of the Poor of the City o/’Gloucester to light the said City with Gas, and to enter into the necessary Contracts for that Purpose, the said Governor and Guardians were authorized to contract with any Person or Persons for laying down Pipes, erecting Posts, and fixing Lamps in such Manner as they should deem necessary for lighting the said City with Gas, and the said Governor and Guardians were fully authorized by their Contractors to make and erect such Works, Gasometers,

Receivers, and other Buildings, Cisterns, Engines, Machines, or other Apparatuses, Cuts, Drains, Sewers, Watercourses, Reservoirs, and other Works and Devices, on the Land to be purchased or acquired by them by virtue of the said Act, and to lay down Mains and carry Pipes for the Purpose of lighting any public or private Lamp from any of such Mains, and for securing a proper Supply of Gas, anti to do such other Acts as the said Governor and Guardians or their Contractors should from Time to Time think necessary for supplying and using the same throughout the City of Gloucester aforesaid, subject to such Regulations as in the Act are expressed and contained:

And whereas in pursuance of the Powers contained in the said [Local.~\ Q q Act,

154

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. x.

Act, the said Governor and Guardians have entered into a Contract with Simeon Broadmeadow, Joseph Partridge, and John Broadmeadow, for lighting the said City of Gloucester with Gas, and they the said Simeon Broadmeadow, Joseph Partridge, and JoAn Broadmeadow, have purchased certain Houses and Premises within the said City of Gloucester, and have there erected Retorts, Gasometers, Receivers, and other Buildings, Works, and Conveniences for the making of Gas and Coke, and have laid down Mains and Pipes throughout a great Part of the City of Gloucester aforesaid, in order to the lighting the same agreeably to the Intent and Meaning of the said recited Act: And whereas the Sum already expended in the said Works, and the further Sums which will be required to complete the lighting of the said City, are estimated to amount to Thirteen thousand Pounds or thereabouts; and several Persons being desirous of joining the said Simeon Broadmeadow, Joseph Partridge, and John Broadmeadow, in the said Undertaking, they the said Simeon Broadmeadow, Joseph Partridge, and John Broadmeadow have agreed to divide the said Undertaking into Shares, and to admit the Persons who shall become Proprietors thereof into a Participation of the Profits and Advantages of the said Concern, in Proportion to the Number of Shares which they shall respectively hold therein; but in as much as such an Arrrangement cannot be effectually carried into Execution without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament Persons in- assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Simeon corporated. Broadmeadow, Joseph Partridge, and John Broadmeadow, and all and every such other Person or Persons as shall from Time to Time be admitted by them as Proprietors of Shares in the said Undertaking, and their respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall be and they are hereby declared to be One Body Politic and Corporate by the Name of The Gloucester Gas Light Company, and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, and by that Name be enabled to sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded at Law or in Equity; and shall by that Name be authorized and empowered to take a Conveyance of such Lands and Hereditaments as have been purchased by the said Simeon Broadmeadow, Joseph Partridge, and John Broadmeadow, for the Purposes of the said Gas Works, and of any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which they may hereafter purchase, not exceeding Two Acres, without being subject to the Penalties of the Statutes of Mortmain, and to accept an Assignment of the Contract so as aforesaid entered into with the said Governor and Guardians, and to make any new Contracts with them, and with any other Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons for the lighting of the City of Gloucester aforesaid, and the Suburbs thereof, or any Building therein, with Gas, and that the said Company shall be established for producing Inflammable Gas from Coal and other Substances for the Purposes aforesaid, and for disposing of the Coke and other Articles which may be made in the said Manufactory.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap.*. 155

II. And whereas the said Company under the Provisions of this Act ^sd"Jen"j may purchase or acquire Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which w"t"d"° may afterwards be found not necessary or not wanted for the Purposes thereof; be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for

them, for a valuable Consideration in Money, by Indenture under their Common Seal, to sell and convey all or any Part or Parts of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which may have been so purchased or acquired, and which shall not be wanted for the Purposes of this Act; and upon Payment of the Purchase Money for the same, it shall and may be lawful for the Treasurer for the Time being to the said Company, to sign and give a Receipt or Receipts for the Money for which the same shall be sold, which Receipt or Receipts shall be sufficient Discharge or Discharges to any Person or Persons for the Money which shall be therein and thereby expressed or acknowledged to be received; and such Person or Persons having band fide paid the same, shall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication, or Non-application of such Purchase Money or any Part thereof.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Com- Power to pany hereby established, with the Consent of the said Governor and break up the Guardians, and their Successors, and they are hereby fidly autho- p0de""ednts of rized and empowered, by their Servants, Agents, Workmen, and streets, &c. others, from Time to Time to make and erect such Retorts, Gaso- for laying meters, Receivers, and other Buildings, Cisterns, Engines, Machines, P'Pes an(l

or other Apparatus, Cuts, Drains, Sewers, Watercourses, Reservoirs, &c

and other Works and Devices on the Lands to be purchased or acquired by them, by virtue of the Powers herein-before contained; and to sink and lay Pipes, and to erect and fix them against any Walls, or in Posts or Pillars in the Streets, of such Construction and in such Manner as the said Governor and Guardians shall think necessary or proper for carrying the Purposes of this and the said recited Act into Execution; and, with the like Consent, to break up the Soil and Pavements of any Streets, Highways, Roads, Ways, Lanes, and Passages within the said City, and to dig and sink Trenches and Drains, and lay Mains or Pipes, and put Stopcocks, Cyphons, Plugs, or Branches from such Pipes in, under, across, and along the same, and in such Manner as shall be necessary for the Purpose of carrying this and the said recital Act into Execution; and from Time to Time to alter the Position of, and to repair, relay, and maintain such Pipes, Stopcocks, Cyphons, and Plugs or Branches; and also to carry, fit up, and furnish any Pipe or Pipes, Cocks or Branches, or other necessary Apparatus from any Main or Pipe laid in any Street,

Road, Highway, Lane, or Passage, by virtue of this Act, for the Purpose of lighting any public or private Lamp from any of such Mains or Pipes, and to erect and set up any Machine or other Apparatus necessary or requisite for securing to any Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, a proper and competent Supply of Gas, or for measuring and ascertaining the Extent of such Supply; and also to alter or amend any bad or imperfect Work which shall have been so placed, which shall be injured or damaged, and to do all such other Acts, Matters, and Things as the said Governor and Guardians shall from Time to Time think

necessary

156

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. x.

necessary and convenient for completing, amending, repairing, improving, supplying, and using the same, provided a proper Compensation be made for any Damage which may be done thereby.

laving Pipes ^e. further enacted, That the Workmen employed in

to make good ^a)’*nS or repairing any such Mains, Pipes, Plugs, Cocks, Cyphons, the Pave- or Branches, shall do as little Damage as may be, and shall forthwith

ment. fill in the Trenches and make good the Pavements and Hoads, and

carry away the Rubbish occasioned thereby, and repair any Damage arising from any Drains, Sewers, or Cuts which may be made for the Purposes of this and the said recited Act, without any Delay, and shall in the meantime fence or guard the Place or Places where any Ground shall be opened, and cause a Light or Lights to be fixed and remain during the Night, in such Manner as to prevent Accidents to Passengers, Cattle, and Carriages: Provided always, that if there shall be any wilful or negligent Delay in filling in any such Ground, or removing Rubbish, or making good any such Pavements or Roads; or in case the said Trenches, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall not during such Time be properly guarded and fenced, or such Light or Lights be placed and maintained as aforesaid, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the Surveyor of the Street or Place where such Delay shall take place, or any other Person under his Authority, to fill in such Ground and remove such Rubbish, and to repair and make good the Pavement of any Street, Highway, Way, Lane, Passage, or Place so broken up, and the reasonable Costs and Charges thereof shall be paid by the said Company, or their Treasurer, to such Surveyors; and in default of Payment thereof for Ten Days next after Demand shall be made by such Surveyor or other Person acting by or under his Authority (Proof of such Demand being made by the Oath of Two credible Witnesses before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the City of Gloucester aforesaid); all such reasonable Costs and Charges, together with any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, by way of Penalty, shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company, together with the Charges of such Distres and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any such Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said City of Gloucester, which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant; and such Costs, Charges, and Penalty shall be paid to such Surveyor or Person acting under his Authority.

V. And be it further enacted, That if in carrying into Execution any of the Powers or Authorities by this Act given or granted, any Injury or Damage shall be done or committed to any of the Pipes, Branches, Apparatus, Materials, or Things, by Means whereof the said City of Gloucester or any Part thereof is supplied with Water, either by removing or disturbing the Ground or Soil wherein or whereon the same is or are laid or placed, or by the Compression and subsequent settling or lowering of the same at any Time or Times afterwards, or by any other Means whatsoever, the said Company shall, at their own Expence, Costs, and Charges, within Six Days next after Notice in Writing to them given, by any Two of the Justices of the Peace of the said County and City, or the Town Clerk of the said City, or his Deputy, or

Protection for the Water Pipes.

157

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. x.

by the Right Honourable John Thomas Viscount Sydney, his Heirs or Assigns, or the Renter of the Water Works for the Supply of the said City belonging to him or them, cause such Pipes, Branches, Apparatus, Materials, and Things, to be well and effectually repaired and amended; and in Default or Neglect thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices or down Clerk, or for the said Viscount Sydney, his Heirs or Assigns, or the Renter of the said Water Works belonging to him or them; and they are hereby authorized and empowered to cause such Pipes, Branches, Apparatus, Materials, and Things so injured or damaged as aforesaid, to be effectually repaired, amended, and made good, and the reasonable Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences attending the same, shall be paid and defrayed by the said Company or their Treasurer; and if they cannot agree touching the Amount or Value thereof, the same shall be ascertained and settled by the Justices of the Peace assembled at the then next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said City; or in case the said Viscount Sydney, his Heirs or Assigns, shall prefer the same, then by the Justices of the Peace assembled at the then next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County of Gloucester, who are hereby authorized to hear and determine the same, and their Determination therein shall be final and conclusive; and such Damage and Expences, together with such Costs and Charges as shall be by them allowed, shall be levied and recovered by Warrant of Distress under their Hands and Seals.

VI. And, in order to evidence the Right of the several Parties who shall become Proprietors in the said Concern, be it further enacted, That as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act there shall be Two hundred and sixty Certificates prepared under the Seal of the said Company, numbered progressively, and registered in a Book to be opened for that Purpose, in which the Names of the several Parties entitled to such Shares, with their Residence and Description shall be accurately recorded; and that such Certificates, and the Register thereof, shall for ever be deemed the Evidence of Title to the Shares of the several Persons to be described therein, and their Representatives, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns; and that the Proprietor of each such Share for the Time being shall be entitled to One Two hundred and sixtieth Part of the Capital Stock and Effects of the said Company, and of the Profits and Advantages attending the same; and such Sh^re and Shares shall be deemed Personal Estate.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Lands and Hereditaments, Manufactories, Gasometers, Machinery, Apparatus, and Works, Goods, Chattels, and Effects of the said Company and their Successors, shall be subject and answerable for the just Debts, Liabilities, Engagements, and Demands of the Creditors of and Contractors with the said Company.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That on the Third Tuesday after the passing of this Act, a General Assembly of the said Company shall be holden at the King's Head in Gloucester, between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon and Two of the Clock in the

[Xroco/.] j? r Afternoon,

Property to be divided into Shares.

Proprietors liable to the Debts of the Company in proportion to their Share in the Stock.

First General Assembly ot Proprietors.

158

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. x.

Afternoon, of which Assembly Notice shall be given Once in the

Gloucester Journal and Gloucester Herald, at which General Assembly a Clerk, Treasurer, and a Committee of Management, consisting of Five Proprietors, to continue till the next General Assembly, shall be elected and chosen, and an Engineer shall be named and appointed; and such General Assembly may be adjourned to such other Time and Place as the Proprietors of the Majority of Shares then present shall think fit.

General As-

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall annually semblies to in the Month of May and at such other Times as the Committee of be holden. Management shall think fit, hold a General Assembly of the said Proprietors, of which General Assembly Fourteen Days Notice shall be given in the Gloucester Journal and Gloucester Herald, or such of them as shall then be published, at all which General Assemblies a Chairman shall be chosen; and each Proprietor shall be entitled to give One Vote for every Share which he or she shall hold in the said Undertaking; and at every such annual General Assembly the Committee of Management shall from Time to Time be appointed; and at any of such General Assemblies the said Company shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws from Time to Time, as to them shall seem meet and proper, for the good Government of the said Undertaking, and for regulating the Proceedings of the said Committee of Management, and the Duties and Conduct of all Officers, Workmen, and Servants, to be employed in and about the Affairs and Business of the said Company, and for the Superintendance and Management of the said Undertaking in all respects whatsoever; and from Time to Time to alter or repeal such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, or any of them, and to make new or other Orders, and impose such reasonable Fines and Forfeitures upon all Officers, Workmen, and Servants of the said Company, and other Persons to be employed in and about the Affairs and Business of the said Company, or in the Superintendance and Management of the said Undertaking, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for any One Offence, as to the said Company at a General Assembly shall seem meet and expedient; and all Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws so made as aforesaid, being reduced into Writing, and the Common Seal of the said Company thereto affixed, shall be binding upon all such Persons, and shall be a sufficient Authority in any Court of Law or Equity, to justify all Persons who shall act under the same: Provided nevertheless, that such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws be not repugnant to the Laws or Statutes of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, or to any of the express Directions or Provisions of this Act: Provided also, that Copies of every such Bye Law shall be affixed and continued in the Office of the said Company:Provided always, that in case at any Assembly of the said Proprietors, the Number of Votes, including the Vote of the Chairman, shall be equal, then and in every such Case the Chairman for the Time being shall have the casting Vote.

, X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for

Meeting to the said, Company at any General Assembly to remove their Treasu-appoint rer and Clerk, or, either, of them, and to elpct others in their Stead, Officers. when and so often as they shall deem it expedient; and from Time to 9 Time

159

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. x.

Time to appoint a new Engineer on the Expiration of the Contract with the preceding Engineer, for such new Term and at such Salary as they shall think fit.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not Treasurer be lawful for the said Company to appoint the Person who may be ap- and Clerk not pointed as their Clerk, or the Partner of any such Clerk, the Treasu-

rer for the Purposes of this Act, or to appoint the Person who may be ' n‘

appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, the Clerk to the said Company; and if any Person shall act in both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer shall act as Clerk in the Execution of this Act, every Person so offending shall for every such Ostence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty^ Courts of Record at Westmi?ister, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed,

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Committee of Management Meeting of to be from Time to Time appointed as aforesaid, or any Three of

them, shall hold their Meetings at such Time and at such Place ns for their

within the said City of Gloucester as they shall from Time to Time Proceedings, think proper; and that all Questions, Matters, and Things which shall be proposed, discussed, or considered by the said Committee of Management at any of their Meetings, shall be decided and determined by the Majority in Number of Members present; and in case of an equal Number of Votes upon any Question, including the Vote of the Chairman for the Time being, such Chairman shall have the decisive and casting Vote; and if on the Day appointed for any Meeting of the said Committee, Three Members qualified to vote shall not attend, then and in such Case the Meeting shall be adjourned till the next Day, if not a Sunday, and if the next should be a Sunday, then to the Monday following, by the Member or Members then present, or if none be present, then by the Clerk of the said Company, or such other Person as shall attend in his Place; and that any Two or more Members of the Committee may at any Time when they shall think fit call a Meeting of the Committee by causing Three Days Notice in Writing, signed by such Members, to be sent by the Post or otherwise to the Residence or Address of every other Member of such Committee, and also renew the Meetings of the Committee, though they may have been discontinued for want of Adjournment, or to institute a’ new Meeting, independent of any Meeting appointed by Adjournment.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Committee of Manage- Power of ment for the Time being shall have the Custody of the Common Seal of Commits, the said Company, and appoint the Time and Place for holding General and Special Assemblies, and direct the Affairs and Business

of the said Undertaking, as well in issuing, receiving, and laying out and disposing of all Sums of Money to be issued or received, laid out or disposed of for the Purposes of the said Company, as in contracting

for

160

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. x.

for and purchasing Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Materials, Goods, and Chattels for the Use of the said Undertaking, and entering into Agreements or Contracts for lighting the said City and the Suburbs thereof as aforesaid, or the Houses, Shops, or Buildings therein, and in selling and disposing of all Articles produced as aforesaid, and in making, enforcing, and rescinding, compounding or compromising all Contracts and Bargains, touching or in anywise concerning the same, subject to such Orders, Bye Laws, Rules, and Regulations, as shall at any Time be duly made by the said Company in Restraint, Controul, or Regulation of the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted; and no Sum or Sums of Money shall be issued by the Treasurer or Treasurers, or any other Officer or Officers to be appointed by the said Company, without an Order or Orders in Writing, signed by the Chairman of the said Committee of Management for the Time being; and the said Committee of Management shall take such Security to the said Company of Proprietors from the Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk, or other Officer or Officers, or other Person for the faithful Execution of their respective Duties, as they shall think proper and adequate to the Trust.

Proceedings

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings in Booksere" sa^ Company of Proprietors and of the Committee of Management shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and such Orders and Proceedings so entered and signed by the Clerk for the Time being of the said Company of Proprietoi s, or b) the Chairman for the Time being of each respective Meeting, shall be deemed and taken to be original Orders and Proceedings, and shall be allowed to be read in Evidence in all Courts and Places whatsoever.

The Person whose Name shall stand first for divided Shares to be deemed the Owner and entitled to vote.

XV. And be it further enacted, That whenever Two or more Persons shall be jointly possessed or entitled to any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, the Owner or Proprietor whose Name shall stand first in Order in the Books of the said Company as Proprietor of such Share or Shares shall for the Purposes of the said Company be deemed and taken to be the Owner and Proprietor of such Share or Shares, and to vote in respect thereof.

Empowering

XVI. And be it further enacted, That any Proprietor of any Share Proprietors or Shares in the said Company’s Stock, entitled to vote in respect of such to votTb Share or Shares at any General or Special Assembly of the said Com-Proxy.6 y pany, shall have full Power and Authority to give his or her Vote or Votes at such General or Special Meetings as aforesaid, either in Person or by Proxy, every such Proxy being a Proprietor in the said Undertaking; and the Appointment of such Proxies may be made in the Form or to the Effect following; (•videlicet),

‘ A.B. of One of the Proprietors of and in the Glou-

cester Gas Light Company, do hereby nominate, constitute, and ‘ appoint C.D. of to be my Proxy, in my Name and in my

* Stead, to vote or give my Assent to or Dissent from any Business, 4 Matter, or Thing relating to the said Undertaking that shall be mentioned or proposed at any General or Special Assembly of the said

161

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. x.

« said Company when I shall not be present, in such Manner as he

* the said C.D. shall think proper, according to his Opinion and

‘ Judgment for the Benefit of the said Undertaking, or any thing re-‘ lating thereto. In Witness whereof I have hereunto set my Hand 1 the Day of

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Shares may several Proprietors of the said Undertaking, their Executors, Ad- ^e^jn8‘ ministrators, Successors, and Assigns, to sell and transfer any Share or erre Shares of which they shall respectively be possessed; and every such Transfer shall or may be in the Form or to the Effect following;

(that is to say),

* J of in consideration of

‘ paid to me by of

« do hereby bargain, sell, and transfer to the said A. B.

‘ Shares in the Gloucester Gas Light Company, Number

* in the said Undertaking, to hold to the said Executors,

« Administrators, and Assigns, subject to the same Rules, Orders,

« and Restrictions, and on the same Conditions as I held the same ‘ Share immediately before the Execution hereof; and I the said e do hereby agree to take and accept the said Share,

‘ subject to the said Rules, Orders, Restrictions, and Conditions.

* As Witness our Hands and Seals this Day of

* in the Year of our Lord.

And every such Transfer shall be notified to the Clerk of the said Transfer to Company, and shall be registered by him in the Books of the said be reglslere<1' Company, for which the Sum of Five Shillings shall be paid, and no more; and the Registry thereof shall specify the Date, Names of the Parties, and the Number of Shares transferred; and a Copy of such Register, signed by the said Clerk, shall be sufficient Evidence of such Transfer, and be received and admitted as such; and until such Transfer shall be registered in the Books of the said Company no Purchaser of any Share, or his or her Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall be deemed a Proprietor, or have any Part of the Profit of the said Undertaking.

XVIII. And whereas in case any original Holder or Proprietor of For ascer-One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall die, become the Insolvent or Bankrupt, or go out of the Kingdom, or shall transfer ^r.op"t?r‘ his or her Right and Interest to some other Person, and no Register inTertabi^6' shall have been made of the Transfer thereof with the Clerk to the Cases, said Company, it may not be in the Power of the said Company, or

any Officer acting for the said Company, to learn who is or are the Owner or Proprietor or Owners or Proprietors of such Share or Shares, be it therefore further enacted, That in all Cases where the Right and Property in one or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall pass from the original Proprietor or Proprietors thereof to any other Person or Persons by any other legal Means than by a Transfer or Conveyance thereof in the Form and Manner herein-before specified, an Affidavit shall be made and sworn to by Two credible Persons before a Master or Master Extraordinary of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery, or one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the

162

Service Pipes to be kept fully charged with Gas.

supplied cheaper than

Oil Light.

Power to

convey Washings;

but not into the River Severn.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. x.

City or County of Gloucester, stating the Manner in which such Share or Shares have or hath passed to such other Person or Persons, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns; and that such Affidavit shall be delivered to the Clerk of the said Company, to the Intent that he may enter and register the Name or Names of every such other Proprietor or Proprietors in the Register Book or List of Subscribers and Proprietors in the said Undertaking, to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Company.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Branch or Screw Pipes which shall be put up by the said Company for lighting the Streets, Squares, and other Public Places of the said City, under any Contract or Agreement with the said Governor and Guardians shall be kept fully charged with Gas, and the Stop Cocks shall be so turned as not to impede or prevent the said Branch or Service Pipes being completely filled with Gas during the Time the same shall be lighted.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Company shall and they are hereby directed and required to supply all the Public Streets, Squares, Lanes, and Passages in the said City with Gas of such Quality as shall at all Times afford a cheaper and better Light than could be obtained from Oil, and whenever the said Company shall fail so to do, the Power and Authority hereby given to the said Company to break up the Soil or Pavement of any Street, Highway, or Place in the said City, shall from thenceforth cease and determine; and every Contract or Agreement which shall be entered into for lighting with Gas any Public Street, Square, Lane, or Place by the said Company, shall contain a Clause providing that it shall be obligatory on the said Company that such Street, Square, Lane, or Place shall at all Times be better and cheaper lighted by the said Company than could be done by Oil; and the Branch or Service Pipes which shall be put up by the said Company for lighting the Streets, Squares, and other Public Places of the said City, under any Contract or Agreement with the said Governor and Guardians, shall be kept fully charged with Gas, and the Stop Cocks shall be so turned a3 not to impede or prevent the said Branch or Service Pipes being completely filled with Gas during the Time the same shall be lighted.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company to make such Sewers or Cuts of such Breadth, Depth, and Dimensions, and in such Manner as they shall think expedient, under the Streets, Ways, Lanes, Avenues, and Places within the said City and Suburbs, for the Purpose of carrying off the Washings or other Waste Liquids which may arise in the Prosecution of the Works aforesaid, the said Company doing as little Damage as may be in making the said Sewers or Cuts, and immediately repairing at their own Expence all such Damage; but that it shall not be lawful for the said Company to carry or convey, or cause to be carried or conveyed, to or into the River Severn, or into any Ditch, Brook, or Canal communicating directly or indirectly with the Severn, or with

163

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. x.

or Liquids, or any Lime or other Ingredient, Matter, or Thing which shall arise or be produced in manufacturing or producing the said Gas, or in or by the Prosecution of any of the Works aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Gas shall be For Jll[vent‘ found to escape from any of the Pipes already laid down, or which Esgcapeeof shall be laid down or set up by the said Company in pursuance of Gas. this Act, the said Company shall at their own Expence immediately after receiving Notice by Parole or in Writing of any such Escape of Gas, from any Person or Persons whomsoever, cause the most speedy and effectual Measures to be taken to stop and prevent such Gas from escaping; and in case the said Company shall not, within Twenty-four Hours next after such Notice in Writing being given of any such Escape of Gas, effectually stop and prevent the Gas from escaping, and wholly and satisfactorily remove tire Cause of Complaint, that then and in every such Case the said Cotn-

S shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty ngs for each and every Day after the Expiration of Twenty-four Hours from the Time of giving any such Notice, during which the Gas shall be suffered to escape as aforesaid; which Penalty shall from Time to Time be recoverable in a summary Way, on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, by Information to be laid and exhibited before some one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said City, and shall and may be recovered, with all reasonable Charges, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company, by the Warrant of any such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, in Manner herein-after directed.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or any other Person or Persons whosoever, thinking himself herself or themselves aggrieved by any Order or Judgment made or given in pursuance of any Rule,

Bye Law, or Order of the said Company of Proprietors, or by the Order or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace in pursuance of this Act, may, within Six Calendar Months after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at their next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said City of Gloucester, the Person or Persons appealing having first given at least Ten clear Days Notice of such Appeal, and of the Nature and Matter thereof to the Person or Persons appealed against, or to the Clerk of the said Company, and forthwith after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said City, with sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order and Award of the said Court thereon; and the said Justices, upon due Proof of such Notices and Recognizances having been given and entered into, shall in a summary way hear and determine such Complaint at such General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or if they think proper may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said City, and if they see Cause may mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Rule, Bye Law, Order, or Determination, and shall and may also award such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party

injured.

Appeal may be made to Quarter Sessions.

164

For compelling the Attendance of Witnesses, and respecting Service of Notices.

Persons giving false Evidence to be punished.

Proceedings to be within Six Calendar Months.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. x.

injured, or such Costs to either of the Parties, as they shall judge reasonable and proper; and all such Determinations of the said Justices shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Parties, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned in Manner aforesaid as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before any Justice or Justices of the Peace touching any Matter contained in any Information or Complaint for any Offence against this Act, either on the Behalf of the Prosecutor or on Behalf of the Person or Persons accused, and shall refuse or neglect to appear from Time to Time at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for his, her, or their Refusal or Neglect of appearing, or appearing shall refuse to be examined upon Oath, or in case of a Quaker or Quakers, on solemn Affirmation, (which Oath or Affirmation such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to administer), and to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, then and in every such Case, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, provided a reasonable Sum shall have been paid or tendered to such Person for Attendance as a Witness; and that in all Cases of Notices and Summonses by this Act directed or required to be given or served, which shall or may be necessary for carrying into Execution any of the Powers of this Act, the Service of any such Notices or Summonses either on the Person or Persons to whom the same ought to be given, or leaving the same or a true Copy thereof, at his, her, or their Dwelling House or usual or last Place of Abode shall be good and sufficient Service of any and every such Notice.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Witness or Witnesses who shall be examined by or before any Justice of the Peace or otherwise under this Act upon Oath, or in case of a Quaker or Quakers, on solemn Affirmation, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence and shall be thereof convicted, he, she, or they so giving false Evidence shall be subject to the same Punishment as if he, she, or they had been convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall be subject or liable to the Payment of any of the Penalties or Forfeitures inflicted by virtue of this Act, for any Offence or Offences against this Act, unless Information respecting such Offence or Offences shall have been lodged before a Magistrate within Six Calendar Months next after such Offence committed.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures for all and every the Offences in this Act mentioned, in relation to which the Manner of convicting the Offenders is not particularly mentioned or directed, shall be adjudged by and recovered before any Justice of the Peace for the City of Gloucester in a summary way, and who is hereby authorized and empowered to convict the Offender or Offenders upon Information by the Oath of any Person or Persons, or on the Confession of the Party offending (which Oath

165

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. x.

such Justice is hereby authorized to administer); and in Default of Payment of such Penalties or Forfeitures, the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice; and one Moiety of the Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained, the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deducted, shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof shall be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish wherein such Offence shall be committed, to be by them applied towards the Relief of the Poor of such Parish; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, and such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction for the City or County of Gloucester respectively, as the Case may be, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

XXVIII. And, for the more easy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That a Conviction, | in the Form or to the Effect following, shall be good, without alleging more than the Substance of the Offence; (videlicet),

City of Gloucester, c ‘ BE it remembered, That on the

to wit. c -n t]le year of our Lord

4 One thousand eight hundred and is [or are] convicted

‘ before me [or us, as the Case shall be~\ of His Majesty’s

4 Justices of the Peace for the City or Gloucester, by virtue of ‘ an Act of Parliament passed in the First Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled [here insert the Title of this Act] of having [specifying the Offence, and the Time and Place when azid •where the same was committed, as the Case shall be] contrary to the said Act; and for which Offence I [or we, as the Case shall be]

‘ do adjudge the said to have forfeited the Sum of

4 . Given under my Hand and Seal [or our, as the

4 Case shall be, Hands and Seals] the Day and Year first above written. ’

Form of Conviction.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Body ^’pcajm"!r or Bodies Corporate or Collegiate, or any Person or Persons whomso- Qu"ner *° ever, thinking himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by the Order Sessions, or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace in pursuance of this Act, may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at their next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said City of Gloucester, in all Cases where the Mayor and Burgesses of the said City shall not be interested in their Corporate Capacity in the Matter of such Appeal; but in all Cases where the said Mayor and Burgesses shall be interested in their Corporate Capacity in the Matter of such Appeal, then to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County of Gloucester, the Person or Persons appealing having first given at least Ten clear Days Notice of such Appeal, and the Nature and Matter thereof, to the Person or Persons appealed against, and forthwith, after such Notice, entering [Local.] Tt into

166 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. x.

into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such City or County, as the Case may be, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order and Award of the said Court thereon; and the said Justices, upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizance having bqgn given and entered into, shall, in a summary Way, hear and "determine such Complaint at such General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or, if they think proper, may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said City or County, as the Case may be; and if they see Cause, may mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Order or Determination; and shall and may also award such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured, or such Costs to either of the Parties as they shall judge reasonable and proper; and all such Determinations of the said Justices at such General Quarter Sessions shall be binding, final, and conclusive upon all Parties, to all Intents and Puposes whatsoever.

Directing

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases wherein it may what shall be be requisite or necessary for any Person or Persons, Party or Parties, to Service*nf serve any Notice or Notices upon the said Company, or any Writ or

Notice, &c. Writs or other legal Proceedings, the Service thereof upon any on the Com- Member of the said. Committee of Management, or left at his usual pany. Place of Abode, or upon the Clerk of the said Company, or at the

Office of such Clerk, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode, or at the Office of the said Company; or in case the same respectively shall not be found or known, then Service upon any Agent or other Officer employed by the said Company, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode, shall be deemed good and sufficient Service of the same respectively on the said Company.

Nothing in

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained this Act to shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any Person or Per-prevent the sons from proceeding by Indictment or otherwise against the said frora*bein Company, or against any of their Officers, Servants, or Workmen, in indited for respect of any Works of the said Company, or the Method which a Nuisance, shall be employed by them for furnishing such Light as aforesaid, as a Nuisance, or from bringing any Action against the said Company, or any of their Officers, Servants, or Workmen, for any Injury sustained by reason of any such Works or Method of lighting, whether such Injury shall proceed from the Nature of such Method of lighting or the Carelessness or Want of Skill of the Persons employed therein.

Eipences of

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and to'be'aid"* Expences attending the applying for, obtaining, and passing of this Act,

0 ' together with lawful Interest for the same, shall be paid and discharged

out of the first Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act.

General XXXIII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His

Saving of nil Heirs and Successors, and to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of the Rights. City of Gloucester, and their Successors, their respective Rights, Privileges, and Franchises, in such and the same Manner as if this Act had not been made.

it

1* GEORGII IV- Cap. x. 167

[Public Act.]

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and sl\all be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by Georgs Eire and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1820.

ANNO PRIMO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. xi.

An Act for lighting with Gas the City of Norwich, and County of the same City.

[22d June 1820.]

WHEREAS the City of Norwich and County of the same City are large and populous, and it would be of great Benefit to the Citizens and Inhabitants thereof and to the Public at large, if the Streets and other public Passages and Places therein were better lighted:And whereas Inflammable Air, Carburetted Hydrogen or Coal Gas, Coke, Oil, Tar, Pitch, Asphaltum, Ammoniacal Liquor, and Essential Oil may be procured from Coal, and such Inflammable Air and Gas may also be obtained from Oil or other Materials: And whereas the said Inflammable Air being conveyed by means of Pipes may be safely and beneficially used for lighting the several Streets, Squares, Market Places, Courts, Yards, Passages, Lanes, and other Places within the said City and County, and Liberties and Precincts thereof, and for lighting private Houses, Shops, Counting Houses, Warehouses, and public Works and Manufactories and other Buildings: And whereas the several Persons herein-after named, together with other Persons, are willing and desirous at their own Costs and Charges to effect the several Purposes aforesaid; but such beneficial Purposes cannot be carried fully and completely into Execution without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-[Loca!.'] U u liament

170 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xi.

proprietors, liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Thomas Aggs, John Athow, Nathaniel Bolingbroke, James Brownson, Crisp Brown, Edward Temple Booth, Thomas Brightwett, William Bart, Samuel Bignold, James Bennett, John Hamond Cole, Samuel Clayton, Samuel Culley, James Page Cock sedge, Thomas Drummond, John De Vear the Younger, Elisha Be Hague, Thomas Starling Day, William Dalrymple, William Dumington, William Foster, Joseph John Gurney, Joseph Geldart the Younger, George Grout, John Harvey, George Harvey, Thomas Hawkins, Anthony Hudson, Robert Hawkes, William Hankes, John Ketson, William Lewis Lohr, Barnabas Leman, Thomas Martineau, Simon Martin, Francis Newton, Edward Oxley, Edward Rigby, Doctor of Medicine, Samuel Stone, George Sothern, John Sims the Younger, William Stark, John Rising Staff, Edward Taylor, John Taylor, John Wright, John Wells, John Newman Waite, and JT/Y-Compjnj ia- ^am SAter Millard, and all and every such other Person or Persons as shall oorporated. from Time to Time become Proprietors of the Undertaking hereby established, as herein-afteris mentioned, their respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall be, and are hereby united into a Company for supplying the City of Norwich, and County of the same City, and Liberties and Precincts thereof respectively, with Inflammable Air or Gas, and making and maintaining the Works necessary for that Purpose, under the Regulations herein-after contained, and shall be one Body Poli-Their Style, tic and Corporate, by the Name of The Norwich Gas Light Company/ and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, and by that Name shall and may sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded at Law or in Equity, and shall and may prefer and prosecute any Bill or Bills of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall commit any Felony, Misdemeanor, or other Offence indictable by the Laws of this Realm; and that the said Company shall be established for the Purpose of making Inflammable Air or Gas, and to sell and dispose of the same respectively, in such Manner as they shall think proper; and shall have full Power from Time to Time to enter into and make any Contracts, or agree with the Commissioners acting under an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for better paving, lighting, cleansing, watching, and otherwise improving the City of Norwich, or with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or Corporations Aggregate or Sole, who may be willing to contract with the said Company (who are hereby empowered to contract with the said Company) for the lighting of such City, Liberties, Precincts, or Places, or of any Public Streets, Squares, Market Places, Courts, Yards, Passages, Lanes, public Buildings, Manufactories, Shops, Warehouses, or private Houses, or any of them, within the said City and County, and Liberties and Precincts, or any or either of them.

Tower to

II. And be it further enacted, That in order to enable the said Com-AcPurchase Paiiy to const:ruct or make Gasometers and other necessary Works, and of Lands to erect any Manufactory or Manufactories, or other Buildings, for the and Build- Purposes of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Comings. pany or their Committee of Management, and they are hereby empowered to treat, contract, and agree for the absolute Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, not exceeding in the whole Two Acres, within the said City and County and the Liberties and Precincts thereof, or any or either of them, with any Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or any Tenant or Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail General 5 or

171

1° GEORGII IV. Cap.Ki.

or Special, or with any Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators,

Husbands, Guardians, Committees for Lunatics and Idiots, or other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trusts respectively, whether Infants or Issue unborn. Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons under any Disability of acting for himself, herself, or themselves, and also with all Femes Covert who are or shall be seized, possessed of, or interested in their own Right, or with any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall be willing to sell the same. Or his, her, or their Right and Interest in the same, for the Uses and Purposes of this Act; and upon Payment of the Purchase Money for any such Lands, 1'enements, or Hereditaments to the Parties or Persons respectively entitled thereto, or upon Payment thereof into the Bank of England, in Manner by this Act directed (as the Case may be), such Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, may be taken and used for the Purposes of this Act; and from thenceforth all Parties and Persons whomsoever shall be divested of all Right and Title, Claim or Reversion to such Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, and the same Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall vest in the Norwich Gas Light Company; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company to hold such Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, and any Term, Right, and Interest therein, so purchased, without incurring or being subject or liable to any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain, or any other Law or Statute whatsoever; and also to sell or dispose of the said Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any of them, as they shall think proper, and purchase and hold other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in like Manner. III.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Bodies Toli-for all Bodies Poliric, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or tlc era\ Sole, and all Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for seig6^ ° any Term or Terms of Years absolute or determinable on any Life or Lives, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands,

Guardians, Committees for Lunatics and Idiots, and other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trusts respectively, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, or Femes Covert or other Person or Persons under any Disability of acting for himself, herself, or themselves; and also to and for all Femes Covert, who are or shall be sesied, possessed of, or interested in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, which shall be thought necessary by the said Company to be purchased for the Uses and Purposes of this Act, to treat, contract, and agree with the said Company for the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof, and to sell and convey all or any Part thereof, and all Estate, Right, Title, and Interest whatsoever, of, in, and to the same, to the said Company, for the Purposes of this Act; and all Contracts, Bargains, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be so made by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, shall, without any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, or other Conveyances or Assurances in the Law whatsoever, and without Inrolment, be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, not only to convey the Estate and Interest of the Person and Persons

conveying,

172 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xi.

conveying, but also to convey all Right, Estate, Interest, Use, Property* Claim, and Demand whatsoever of their said several Cestuique Trusts* and all Persons whomsoever claiming or to claim by, from, or under them, and of all Persons entitled in Remainder or Reversion expectant on any such particular Estate; and the same shall be deemed and considered to bar the Dower and Dowers of such Person and Persons, and all Estates Tail, and other Estates in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, and the Issue and Issues of such Person and Persons claiming under them, as effectually as Fines or common Recoveries would do, if levied or suffered by the proper Parties in due Form of Law, any Law, Statute, or Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and all Bodies Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for any Term or Terms of Years absolute or determinable on any Life or Lives, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, and all and every other Person and Persons is and are, and shall be indemnified for what he, she, or they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

Directing

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be con-of Purchase tracte£^ a°d agreed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-Money when nients, purchased by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Purposes amounting to thereof, which shall belong to any Body Corporate, Collegiate, or 2001. and Ecclesiastical, Tenant for Life or in Tail, Trustee, Feme Covert, Infant, upwar s. Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, ex parte ‘ The Norwich Gas Light Company, to the Intent that such Money may be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, standing and being settled therewith, to the same or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under and with the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, stood and were settled and limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the meantime, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the stud Court, upon Application thereto, be invested

173

1" GEORGII IV. Cap.ns.

by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold, for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were then actually made.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so Application

contracted and agreed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- of Purchase mentis, to be purchased for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any n

Body Corporate, Collegiate, or Ecclesiastical, Tenant for Life or in Tail, 2ooi. and Trustee, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or any Person or Persons under exceeding Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two 2°1-hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and

in all such Cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cases of Infancy,

Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be named by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved by Three or more of the Committee of Management of the said Company, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified by Writing under the Hands of the nominating or approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends to arise thereon* may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case shall be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the said High Court of Chancery.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money, Application so contracted and agreed to be paid as last before mentioned, shall not of Moi?e7 not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the same JJeedinS shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would, for the

Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Committee of Management, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so-entitled respectively.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any In case of Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be questionable paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Monel° p«. said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, in pursuance of sons in Pos-

ILocal.] Xx this

174 1° GEORGII IV. Cap.-a.

session of the this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, deemed entf- or °^any Estate, Right, or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or Heredi-tled thereto, taments, so purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities until the con- to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of trary shall be any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in s ewn. Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court, that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

Expences of Purchase Money to be allowed by Court.

On Payment of Purchase Money, Premises to be vested in the Company.

Form of Conveyance.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporations entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases, from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Company, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

IX. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Money so contracted or agreed to be paid for the Purchase of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by the said Company to the Party or Parties, or Person or Persons respectively entitled to such Monies, or their Agents, or upon Payment thereof into the Bank of England, for the Purpose of being disposed of in Manner herein-before directed, as the Case may be, all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand in Law or Equity of the Party and Parties, and Person and Persons respectively, to whom or for whose Use the same shall be paid into or out of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall vest in the said Company and their Successors for ever, for effecting the Uses and Purposes of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Sales, Conveyances, and Assurances of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be made to the said Company and their Successors, shall be made in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

(J for we> as the Case may be] of in consideration

6 of the Sum of to me [or us] paid by the

‘ " Norwich Gas Light Company, *' established under an Act passed in the 4 4 First

175

1° GEORGII IV. Cap.-a.

c First Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled 1 An Act ‘ [here insert the Title oj this Act] do hereby grant and release [or assign, as < the Case may he\ to the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors all [here describe the Premises to be conveyed] and all my [or our] Right, Title, and Interest in and to the same and every Part g thereof; to hold to the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors and Assigns for ever, [or as the Case may be\ during all the

* Remainder of my [or our] Term, Estate, or Interest in the said Pre-

• mises. In Witness whereof, I [or we] have hereunto set my Hand and

« Seal, [or, our Hands and Seals] this Day of

«in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and /

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company to sell and dispose of, and by Indenture or Indentures under their Common Seal, to grant and convey, by way of absolute Sale in Fee Simple, for a Consideration in Money, all or any Part or Parts of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which may have been so purchased, and which shall not be wanted for the Purposes of this Act; and upon Payment of the Money which shall arise by or from the Sale or Sales of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Part or Parts thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the Treasurer for the Time being to the said Company, to sign and give a Receipt or Receipts for the Money for which the same shall be sold, which Receipt or Receipts shall be a sufficient Discharge or sufficient Discharges to any Person or Persons for the Money therein and thereby expressed or acknowledged to be received; and such Person or Persons, having bona fide paid the same, shall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication, or Non-application of such Purchase Money, or any Part thereof.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Capital or‘Joint Stock of the Capital Stock said Company, to be applied and used in establishing and carrying on the not to exceed said Undertaking and the Purposes aforesaid, shall not exceed the Sum WpPV

of Ten thousand Pounds j and that the said Company shall not be authorized to enter upon the Execution of any of the Works for which Powers are hereby given until the whole of the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds shall have been subscribed for that Purpose.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons Subscribers by or for whom any Subscription shall be made or accepted, or any to share in Payment made pursuant to the Orders of any General Meeting or Meet- p e St0<:k in ings to be held by the said Company for that Purpose, for or towards the fjtbdr Sub-raising of the said Capital Sum of Ten thousand Pounds as aforesaid, his, scripuons. her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns respectively (no

such Sums being less than Twenty.five Pounds), shall have and be entitled to a Share of and in the said Capital Joint Stock of the said Company, hi Proportion to the Monies which lie, she, or they shall have so contributed towards making up the same, and shall have and be entitled to a proportionable Share of the Profits and Advantages attending the Capital Stock of the said Company, and shall be admitted to be a Proprietor or Proprietors in the same.

Re-sale of Lands noi wanted.

176

Stock to be divided into Shares of 251. Sterling each, and to be Personal Estate.

To compel Payment of Subscriptions.

Names of Proprietors totbe entered, and Certificates of their Shares delivered to

1* GEORGII IV. Cap. xi.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds shall be divided into Shares of Twenty-five Pounds Sterling each» and that no Person or Persons shall be a Subscriber or Subscribers for a less Sum than Twenty-five Pounds Sterling, nor hold more than Twenty Shares; and that all Shares in the said Undertaking, and in the net Profits and Advantages thereof, shall be deemed Personal Estate, and not of the Nature of Real Property, and as such Personal Estate, shall be transmissible accordingly.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons who have subscribed for or towards the said Undertaking, or who shall at any Time hereafter have or hold any Share or Shares in the same, shall, and they are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums of Money by them respectively subscribed, or such Parts or Portions thereof as shall from Time to Time be called for, pursuant to, or by virtue of the Powers and Directions of this Act, at such Times and Places, to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner as shall be ordered and directed by the Committee of Management herein-after mentioned; and in case any Person or Persons shall refuse to pay any such Money, at such Times and in such Manner as shall be ordered and directed by the Committee of Management as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Company to sue and recover the same, by Action of Debt or otherwise, in either of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, together with lawful Interest for the same, from such appointed Time of Payment, and all Costs of Suit from such Person or Persons; or in Cases where Two or more Persons shall have jointly subscribed for, or be jointly possessed of any one Share in the said Undertaking, then from all, any, or either of such Persons.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall, and they are hereby required to cause the Names and Designations of the several Persons who have subscribed for, or may at any Time hereafter, be entitled to a Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, with the Number of such Share or Shares, and also the proper Number by which every Share shall be distinguished, to be fairly and distinctly entered in a Book to be kept by their Clerk; and after such Entry, a Certificate, under the Common Seal of the said Company, shall be delivered to every Proprietor, upon Demand, specifying the Share or Shares to which he or she is entitled in the said Undertaking, and such Certificate shall be admitted, in all Courts whatsoever, as Evidence of the Title of such Proprietor, his or her Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to the Share or Shares therein specified; but the Want of such Certificate shall not hinder the Owner from selling or disposing thereof.

The Person whose Name stands first for divided Shares, to be deemed the Owner, and entitled to vote.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever Two or more Persons shall be jointly possessed of or entitled to any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, the Person whose Name shall stand first in the Books of the said Company, as Proprietors of such Share or Shares, shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed and taken to be the Owner or Proprietor of such Share or Shares, and all Notices hereby required to be given to the Owner or Proprietor of any Share or Shares in the said Company, shall and may be given to such Person whose Name shall so stand first in the Books of the said Company, and such Notice to such Person shall be deemed and taken to be a Notice to all the Owners or

177

1° GEORGII IV. Cap.*i.

Proprietors of such Share or Shares, for all the Purposes for which such Notice is intended to be given to the Owner or Proprietor of any such Share or Shares; and that such Owners or Proprietors shall be entitled to give their Vote or Votes in respect thereof, by the Person whose Name shall stand first in the Books of the said Company, as Proprietor of such Share or Shares, and his Vote shall on all Occasions be deemed and allowed to be the Vote for or in respect of the whole Property in such Share or Shares, without Proof of the Concurrence of the other Proprietor or Proprietors of such Share or Shares.

XVIII. And whereas in case any original Holder or Proprietor of F^in*Cthe One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall die, become proprfetor-Insolvent, or Bankrupt, or go out of the Kingdom, or shall transfer his ship of or her Right and Interest to some other Person, and no Register shall Shares in have been made of the Transfer thereof, with the Clerk of the said certainCases. Company, it may not be in the Power of any Officer acting for the said Company, to ascertain who is or are the Owner or Proprietor, or Owners or Proprietors, of such Share or Shares, in order to give him, her, or them, or his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, Notice or Notices of Calls to be made on such Share or Shares, or to maintain any Action or Actions, Suit, or other Proceedings against him, her, or them, or his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, for the Recovery of the same, or for the Purpose of safely paying to him, her, or them, or his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, the Interest or Dividends to which he, she or they may be entitled, by virtue thereof; be it therefore enacted.

That in all Cases where the Right and Property, in one or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall pass from the original Subscriber or Subscribers, or any Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, to any other Person or Persons, by any other legal Means than by a Transfer and Conveyance thereof, in the Form and Manner herein-after specified, an Affidavit shall be made and sworn to by Two credible Persons, before a Master Extraordinary of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery, or one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, stating the Manner in which such Share or Shares have or hath passed to such other Person or Persons, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, and such Affidavit shall be delivered to the Clerk of the said Company, to the Intent that he may enter and register the Name or Names of every such other Proprietor or Proprietors, in the Register Book or List of Subscribers and Proprietors of the said Undertaking, to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Company *, and in all or any of the said Cases, after Three Calendar Months Notice in Writing shall have been given by the said Clerk to the Owner or Owners thereof, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place of Abode, to pay his, her, or their Proportion of Money so to be called for, and such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, shall not have paid such his, her, or their Proportion as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Subscribers and Proprietors, at any General Meeting after the Expiration of such Notice, to declare the same Share or Shares to be forfeited; and that in such case, the same shall be and become forfeited; and shall and may be sold and disposed of in such Manner as the said Subscribers or Proprietors, at any Meeting or Meetings shall direct, or otherwise become consolidated in the General Fund of the said Company.

[Local.'] Ty

178

Shares may be transferred.

Form of Transfer.

Transfers to be registered.

No Share to be sold after a Call, until the Money is paid.

Regulations for Meetings of the Company.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xi.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the several and respective Proprietors of the said Undertaking, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, to sell and transfer any Share or Shares of which they shall respectively be possessed, and every such Transfer shall be in the Form or to the EfFect following; (that is to say),

, of, in consideration of the Sum of, paid to me by

* of; do hereby bargain, sell, assign,

* and transfer, to the said the Sum of

* , Capital Stock, of and in " The Norwich Gas Light

4 Company, " being my Share [or Shares,] Number [or Numbers 4 ] therein, to hold to the said, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, subject to the same Rules,

4 Orders, and Restrictions, and on the same Conditions that I held the same immediately before the Execution hereof: And I the said

* , do hereby agree to take and accept the said Share [or Shares], subject to the same Rules, Orders, Restrictions, and Conditions. As Witness our Hands, this Day

* of, in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and . ’

And every such Transfer shall be registered in the Books of the said Company, by an Entry of the Date, Names of the Parties, and the Number of Shares transferred, for which Entry or Registering the Sum of Five Shillings and no more, shall be paid to the Clerk or other Officer making the same, and a Copy of such Register, signed by the Clerk or other such Officer of the said Company, shall be sufficient Evidence of every such Sale and Transfer, and shall be accounted as such in all Disputes and in all Trials before any Court, and by all Judges, Justices, and others, in the United Kingdom; and that until such Transfer shall be entered or registered in the Books of the said Company as aforesaid, no Purchaser or Purchasers of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, or in the Profits and Advantages thereof, shall receive any Interest or Dividend, for or in respect of such Share or Shares so purchased, nor be entitled to vote at any Meeting or Meetings, as Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Undertaking.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That after a Call for Money shall have been made by virtue of this Act, no Person or Persons shall sell or transfer any Share or Shares, which he, she, or they shall possess in the said Undertaking, after the Day appointed for Payment of the said Call, until the Money called for or in respect of his, her, or their Share or Shares intended to be sold shall be paid j and that until such Money so called for shall be paid, any such Sale or Transfer of any Share or Shares shall be void.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Affairs and Concerns of the said Company shall be conducted and managed under and subject to the several Rules and Regulations herein-after contained; that is to say, the Proprietors of Shares in the said Undertaking shall assemble together at the Guildhall of the City of Norwich at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, within Twenty-one Days next after the passing of this Act,

i or

179

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xi.

or as soon after as conveniently may be, and shall then and there proceed in the Execution of this Act, and shall and may adjourn to, or shall assemble at such other Times and Places as they shall be duly convened, in Manner herein-after mentioned; and every such Assembly shall be styled a General Meeting, and Two such Meetings shall be held in every Year, on the First Tuesday in the Month of April and the First Tuesday in the Month of October, which shall be styled Half-yearly Meetings; and that Ten or more of the said Proprietors, not holding collectively less than Forty Shares, may, by Notice in Writing under their Hands, callaSpecial General Meeting, so as the Object for which such Meeting shall be called be expressed in such Notice, and so as such Notice be given Fourteen Days at least before the Day of Meeting; and that every such General Meeting may be adjourned from Time to Time and from Place to Place as shall be found expedient, and that at least Six Days previous Notice of every General Meeting, and Three Days previous Notice of the Day to which every General Meeting shall be adjourned, shall be given; and that at every such General or Special Meeting a Chairman Manner of shall be appointed, and all Questions shall be decided by a Majority of vot'ng< Votes of the Proprietors present and not declining to vote according to their respective Number of Shares; and every Proprietor shall be entitled to One Vote for and in respect of every Share of which he shall be possessed, but no Proprietor shall be entitled to vote for or in respect of more than Ten Shares, except as the legal Representative of any other Person or Persons, for or in respect of the Share or Shares held by or legally vested in him as such Representative; nor shall any Person be entitled to vote at any General or Special Meeting of the said Company, or any Adjournment thereof, in respect of any Share or Shares which he or she may possess in the said Undertaking, unless such Person shall have fully paid and satisfied all Arrears of Money which shall or may become due in pursuance of any Call or Calls made or to be made by the said Committee of Management, for or in respect of such Share or Shares j nor shall any Person vote at any of the Meetings of the said Company upon any Question or Questions relating to the Concerns of the said Undertaking, in which such Person or Persons shall be interested, otherwise than as a Subscriber or Subscribers, Proprietor or Proprietors, to or of the said Undertaking; and that upon any Difference of Opinion, any Proprietor present may require the Votes at any General or Special Meeting of the said Company to be taken by Ballot, but no Ballot shall be kept open for more than One Hour, and that the Chairman of every such Meeting shall be entitled to vote; and in case the Number of Votes, including the Chairman’s Vote, shall be equal, such Chairman shall also have the casting Vote; and if at any Special or General Meeting, a sufficient Number of Proprietors to act or adjourn, (Three Proprietors only being hereby declared sufficient for the Purposes of Adjournment), shall not assemble and proceed to Business in One Hour from the Time appointed for such Meeting, or if that Number be not present when the Whole or any Part of the Business to be transacted shall be decided upon, the Meeting shall adjourn to the same Day in the following Week, or to some other Day, to be appointed by the Committee of Management, or any Three or more of them; and also that at the Half-yearly General Meeting, to be held in April in every Year, (except the first Year after the passing of this Act), or at some Adjournment thereof, a new Committee of Fifteen of the Proprietors of Shares in the said Undertaking shall be elected in the Place of the

180

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xi.

the former Committee, nevertheless all or any of the Members of the said Committee elected in the preceding Year shall (if otherwise eligible) be again immediately re-eligible.

Notice of

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Notices to^e "r n C* ^ere^n‘^e^ore directed to be given of any General or Special Meetings or eglven' Adjournments respectively, or to any of the said Proprietors upon any particular Occasion, and not herein-before otherwise provided for, shall be given to the said several Proprietors, or to such individual Proprietors respectively, by Letters from the Clerk of the said Company, sent by the Post to each and every of the said Proprietors entitled to vote at such Meetings respectively, or to the individual Proprietors entitled to such Notice (as the Case may be), and that the same Notices shall be deemed and considered the same as personal Notices.

Accounts to be settled yearly.

Meetings to

declare

Dividends.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That any General Meeting or General Meetings specially called for the Purpose, shall have full Power to call for, examine, and settle the Accounts of the said Company; and that at every Yearly General Meeting or some Adjournment thereof, a Yearly Dividend or Dividends shall be made out of the Interest, Profits, or Advantages of the said Undertaking, unless such Meeting shall declare otherwise, and such Dividend shall be at and after the Rate of so much per Centum for every Share upon all and every the Sum and Sums of Money paid to the said Company by the said Subscribers, their Successors, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, as such Meeting or Meetings shall think fit to appoint and determine; provided that no Dividend shall be made whereby the Capital of the said Company shall in any Degree be reduced or impaired, nor within Twelve Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, nor shall any Dividend be paid in respect of any Share or Shares, after a Day appointed for Payment of any Call for Money in respect thereof, until such Call shall have been paid.

Limiting the

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the clear Profits of the Profits to be received by the said Company from the said Undertaking, Company. shall never exceed the Sum of Two Pounds and Ten Shillings per Annum upon each Share of Twenty-five Pounds; and in order to ascertain the Amount of the clear Profits of the said Undertaking the said Company shall and are hereby required, from the Thirty-first Day of December next after the Expiration of Two Years from the passing of this Act, to cause a true, exact, and particular Account to be kept and annually made up of the Money collected or received by them or for their Use, by virtue of this Act, and of the Charges and Expences attending the supporting, maintaining, and using the said Work; and if the clear Profits of the said Undertaking shall at any Time amount to a larger Sum of Money than shall be sufficient to make a Distribution amongst the said Proprietors of Two Pounds and Ten Shillings per Annum upon every such Share, such Percentage to be computed and take place from the Time of the passing of this Act, then and in such Case the Excess or Surplus which shall be more than sufficient for the Purposes aforesaid, shall from Time to Time be placed in the Hands of such Person or Persons, or on such Government or other Security or Securities, to answer any Deficiency or Deficiencies that may happen in the next or

any

181

P GEORGII IV. Cap. xi.

any succeeding Year or Years, as the said Company shall for that Purpose order or direct, until such Excess or Surplus shall amount to the Sura of One Thousand Pounds; and the Interest or Dividends of such Sum or Sums to be invested shall be applied in like Manner as the Monies to be received by or for the Use of the said Company by virtue of this Act are to be paid or applied; and the total Amount of every such Annual Account as aforesaid, together with an Account of the Dividends and Interest to be from Time to Time received on all such Monies so to be placed out as aforesaid, shall be laid before any Jwo or more Justices of the Peace acting for the said City, not interested in the Undertaking, within Two Calendar Months next after the making up of such Annual Account, to be made on the Thirty-first Day of December; which said Justices shall have Power and Authority, if they shall deem it necessary, to require the said Company to produce the Books of Account of the said Company for the Satisfaction of the said Justices; and the said Company are hereby required, upon a Requisition in Writing for that Purpose, signed by such Two Justices, to produce such Books at such Time and Place as shall be mentioned in such Requisition; and if it shall appear that the clear Profits of the said Undertaking, after such Sum shall have been so vested, including the said Dividends and Interest, shall, upon the Average of Three Years then next preceding, have exceeded the Rate of Two Pounds and Ten Shillings per Annum upon every such Share, then and in every such Case the said Company shall pay such Surplus of the said clear Profits, Dividends, and Interest, to the Commissioners under the said recited Act, to be by them applied and disposed of towards lighting the Public Lamps of the said City with Gas, any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and that the said Company shall cause a true and exact Copy of such Annual Account to be delivered to the said Commissioners Fourteen Days prior to the same being exhibited to the said Justices.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall have General full Power and Authority from Time to Time, at any of their General Meetings Half-yearly Meetings as aforesaid, to make such Rules, Orders, and Bye Sayff’ws Laws, as to them shall seem meet and proper for the good Government of the said Undertaking, and for regulating the Proceedings of the said Committee of Management, and for the regulating of all Officers, Workmen, and Servants, to be employed in or about the Affairs and Business of the said Company, and for the Superintendance and Management of the said Undertaking, in all respects whatsoever; and from Time to Time to alter or repeal such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, or any of them, and to make others, and to impose and inflict such reasonable Fines and Forfeitures upon all Persons offending against such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, or any of them, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for any one Offence, as to the said Company, at a General Half-yearly Meeting shall seem meet and expedient; and all Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws so made as aforesaid (being reduced into Writing, and the common Seal of the said Company thereto affixed) shall be binding upon all Persons, and shall be sufficient in any Court of Law or Equity, to justify all Persons who shall act under the same: Provided always, that such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws be not repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, or any of the express Directions or Provisions of this Act: Provided also,

182

Officers of the Company

pointed at

General

Meetings.

Treasurer, &c. to give Security.

Committee of Manage-

For supplying Vacancies in Committee.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xi.

that Copies thereof shall be printed, fixed, and continued in the Office of the Clerk, or other the Buildings and Premises of the said Company; and all such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, shall be subject to Appeal in manner by this Act directed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company, at any General Meeting of the said Company, to nominate and elect by Ballot, and to appoint, under the common Seal of the said Company, any Person or Persons to be Treasurer or Treasurers, and from Time to Time to remove any such Treasurer or Treasurers, or other Officer or Officers of the said Company, or any of them, and to nominate, elect, and appoint another Person or Persons in his or their Room or Stead: Provided always, that the said Company shall, and they are hereby required to take sufficient Security-from every Person who shall be appointed Treasurer, Receiver, or Collector, for any of the Purposes of this Act, for the faithful Execution of their respective Offices before they shall enter thereupon respectively.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That at the First General Meeting of the said Company, or at some Adjournment thereof. Fifteen Members of the said Company shall be elected and chosen a Committee of Management for managing the Affairs of the said Company, and such Committee of Management shall continue in Office, and be respectively Members of the said Committee, until the Half-yearly Meeting which shall be held in April in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twenty-one, or until others or another be appointed in their or either of their Stead, in pursuance of this Act; and at the said Half-yearly Meeting, or at some Adjournment thereof, and also at the Expiration of every succeeding Year thereafter, a new Committee of Fifteen Members shall be elected and appointed out of the Proprietors of Shares in the said Undertaking, to be the Committee of Management for managing the Affairs of the said Company, who shall continue in their Offices for the Space of One Year to be computed from the Day of Election, or until others or another shall be duly elected into their or any of their Places: Provided that nothing herein contained shall render any one of the Committee, whose Office shall have expired, ineligible to be re-elected a Committee Man, if otherwise duly qualified: Provided also, that no Person shall be qualified to be elected, nor to serve or act as a Member of the said Committee, who shall hold any Place of Profit under the said Company, who shall be concerned or interested in any Contract or Contracts under this Act, or who shall offer to take, or succeed in taking, or shall participate in any Manner in any Work to be done for the said Company, whether by Contract or otherwise.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Member of the Committee of Management, to be elected by virtue of this Act, shall die or become disqualified, or shall refuse or neglect to attend the Meetings of the said Committee, for the Space of Six Calendar Months, it shall be lawful for the said Company, at any General or Special Meeting, to be called and held pursuant to the Directions of this Act, to elect some other P roprietor to be a Member of the said Committee j and every such Proprietor so elected to fill any such Vacancy shall continue

in

183

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xi.

in his Office as a Member of the said Committee, so long as the Person in whose Place or Stead he was elected would have been entitled to have continued, if such Death, Disqualification, Refusal, or Neglect, had not happened.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall No Person to be eligible to be elected one of the Committee for managing the Affairs of the said Undertaking, unless at the Time of the Election he shall be uniess pos.’ entitled to Four Shares in the said Undertaking. sessed of

Four Shares

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee of Manage- Meetings of ment shall and may hold their Meetings at such Place, within the City of Commu-Norwich, and at such Times, and adjourn their Meetings from Time to *^Sonsfoi-Time, and from Place to Place, as they shall think fit; and at every their Pro-Meeting, one of the Members of the said Committee present at such ceedings. Meeting, shall be elected Chairman, and all Questions, Matters, and

Things which shall be proposed, discussed, or considered, by the said Committee of Management, at any of their Meetings, shall be decided and determined by the Majority in Number of the Members then present, the Number present not being less than Five; and in case of an equal Number of Votes upon any Question, including the Vote of the Chairman for the Time being, such Chairman shall have the decisive and casting Vote; and that if, on the Day appointed for any Meeting of the said Committee,

Five Members qualified to vote shall not attend, that then and in every such Case, the Meeting shall be adjourned till the next Day, if not a Sunday, and if the next Day shall be a Sunday, then to the Monday following, by the Member or Members then present, or if none be present then by the Clerk of the said Company, or such other Person as shall attend in his Place; and that any Five or more Members of the Committee may at any Time when they shall think fit call a Meeting of the Committee by Notice in Writing, signed by such Five or more Members, to be sent by the Post, or otherwise, to the Residence or Address of every Member of such Committee.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Committee of Management Power of for the Time being shall have the Custody of the common Seal of the said Committee. Company, and shall have full Power and Authority to meet and adjourn

from Time to Time, and from Place to Place as aforesaid, and also at any Time, to call Special General Meetings of the said Company, for any Purpose they may think proper, and to appoint the Time and Place of holding General and Special Meetings, and to direct the Affairs and Business of the said Undertaking, as well in issuing, receiving, or laying out and disposing of all Sums of Money to be issued or received, laid out, or disposed of for the Purposes of the same, as in contracting for and purchasing Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Materials, Goods, and Chattels, for the Use of the said Undertaking, and in making and entering into Contracts or Agreements for lighting of the said City of Norwich and County of the same, and the Precincts and Liberties thereof, or any of such Streets, Squares, Market Places, Lanes, Ways, and Public or Private Houses or Buildings as aforesaid; and nominating, appointing, electing, placing, or displacing any Officer, Clerk, Engineer, Agent, or Servant of the said Company (except the Treasurer or Treasurers hereinbefore directed to be appointed by a General Meeting of the said Company),

184

Same Person not to act as Clerk and Treasurer.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xi.

pany), with such Salary, Gratuities, or Recompence, as to the said Committee shall seem proper; and in ordering, directing, and employing the Works and Workmen, and in selling and disposing of all Articles produced as aforesaid, and in making, enforcing, and rescinding all Contracts and Bargains touching or in anywise concerning the same, subject to such Orders, Bye Laws, Rules, and Regulations, as shall at any Time be duly made by the said Company, in Restraint, Control, or Regulation of the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Company to appoint the Person who may be appointed to act as their Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk, the Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or to appoint the Person who may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, the Clerk to the said Company; and if any Person shall act in both Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of such Treasurer, shall act as Clerk in the Execution of this Act, every Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

Proceedings

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Orders and Proceeding3 to be entered. of every Meeting, as well of the Company as of the managing Committee, shall be entered by the Clerk in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and such Orders and Proceedings so entered and signed by the Clerk of the said Company, or by the Chairman of each respective Meeting, shall be deemed and taken to be original Orders and Proceedings, and shall be allowed to be read in Evidence in all Courts, and before all Judges, Justices, and others; and that no Business shall be transacted at any Special General Meeting, besides the Business for which it shall have been called, and no other Business shall be transacted at any adjourned Special General Meeting than the Business left unfinished at the Meeting from which such Adjournment took place.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee shall have full Power to make such Call or Calls for Money from the several Proprietors of the said Undertaking, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, as such Committee shall from Time to Time find requisite and necessary for the Purposes of the said Undertaking, so that no one such Call do exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, for or in respect of any One Share of Twenty-five Pounds, and so that no Call or Calls be made but at the Distance of Two Months at least from each other; and that the Sum or several Suras of Money so to be called for, shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Company for the Time being, at such Time and Place as shall be appointed by such Committee, of which Time and Place Fourteen Days previous Notice shall be given in such Manner as the said Committee shall direct or appoint in that Behalf; and 2 if

Committee to make Calls.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xi.

if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their Proportion of the Money to be called for by the Space of Three Calendar Months next after the Time appointed for Payment thereof, together with lawful Interest for the same, from such appointed Time of Payment, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company, at some General or Special Meeting, to be held after such Neglect or Refusal, to declare all and every or any of the Share or Shares of such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, to be forfeited, and from thenceforth the said Share or Shares so declared to be forfeited, and all the Profit and Benefit thereof shall be vested in the said Company, their Successors and Assigns, to and for the Uses and Purposes herein-after mentioned.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Share or Shares of and in the said Undertaking shall be forfeited or vested in and accrue to the said Company, until Notice shall have been published in some one of the Newspapers published and circulated in the said City of Norwich, Thirty Days at least before the holding of such General or Special Meeting, in which Notice shall be conrained a Statement and Account of the Money due from such Person or Persons for such Call or Calls, in respect of his, her, or their Share or Shares in the said Undertaking^ exclusive of the Interest thereon, and no such Share or Shares shall be forfeited to or vested in the said Company, if the Owner or Owners of such Share or Shares shall, before the holding of such General or Special Meeting, pay what shall be due thereon for such Call or Calls as aforesaid, and legal Interest for the same, and all the Expences attending the Application For and advertising of the same as aforesaid.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That when any Share or Shares of the said Undertaking shall, by virtue of this Act, have become forfeited to or vested in the said Company as aforesaid, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company, or their Committee for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time to sell, or cause to be sold, by public Auction or private Contract, and by Writing under the common Seal of the said Company, to assign and transfer such and so many of the Share or Shares of such Defaulter or Defaulters as the said Company, or their Committee shall from Time to Time find necessary and direct to be sold, unto such Person or Persons as shall become the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns; and such Assignments and Transfers shall be good, valid, and effectual against the Owner or Owners of every such Share or Shares so forfeited to or vested in the said Company, and sold as aforesaid, and ail Persons claiming under him, her, or them: Provided always, that in case the Money produced by the Sale of any such Share or Shares shall be more than sufficient to pay all such Arrears or Calls as aforesaid, and legal Interest thereon, and the Expences attending the Sale or Sales, the Surplus of such Money shall be paid to the Person or Persons to whom such Share or Shares shall have belonged, on Demand: Provided also, that the said Company, or their Committee, shall not by virtue of this Act sell or transfer, or direct to be sold or transferred, any more of such Shares of such Defaulter or Defaulters than shall be sufficient, as near as may be at the Time of such Call, to pay the Arrears due from such Defaulter or Defaulters, for or on

£JLocal."] 3 A account

185

On Nonpayment. of Calls, Shares to be forfeited.

No Share to be forfeited until Notice be published iu a Norwich Newspaper.

Company empowered to sell Shares become for-

aforesaid.

If the Purchase Money for such Shares shall be more than sufficient to pay the Arrears of Calls, &c. the Surplus to be paid the

186

Shares unsold to revert to the former Owners.

Executors and Administrators indemnified in paying Calls.

Power to break up the Soil and Pavement of Streets, and for laying Pipes, and lighting Houses, &c.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xi.

account of such Call or Calls, and the Interest and Expences attending the same; and from and after Payment of all and every such Call or Calls, and the Interest and Expences as aforesaid, any Share or Shares vested in the said Company aS aforesaid, which shall remain in their Hands unsold, shall revert to and again become the Property of the Person or Persons to whom such Share or Shares shall have belonged immediately before such Forfeiture as aforesaid, in such Manner as if such Calls had been duly and regularly paid.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Proprietor or Proprietors, of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall die before Payment shall have been made by him, her, or them, of the full Sum to be called for in respect thereof, as herein mentioned, without having made any sufficient Provision by Will or otherwise, how such Shares shall be disposed of, and how the future Calls in respect thereof shall be answered, that then and in such Case the Executors or Administrators of such Proprietors, and the Trustee or Trustees, Guardian or Guardians, of any Infant or other Person entitled to the Estate and' Effects of such Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be indemnified against such Infant, and all other Persons whomsoever, for paying any Money which shall be called for as aforesaid, in respect of the Share or Shares of such deceased Proprietor or Proprietors.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company and their Successors, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered, by their Servants, Agents, Workmen, and others, from Time to Time to make and erect such Retorts, Gasometers, Receivers, and other Buildings, Cisterns, Engines, Machines, or other Apparatus, Cuts, Drains, Sewers, Watercourses, Reservoirs, and other Works and Devices, and to sink and lay Pipes, and to erect and fix them against any Walls, of such Construction and in such Manner as the said Company shall think necessary or proper for carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution; and also to break up the Soil and Pavement of any Streets, Highways, Roads, Ways, Lanes, Passages, and other Places, or any private Grounds, or any Part of them, and to dig and sink Trenches and Drains, and lay Mains or Pipes, and put Stop-cocks, Syphons, Plugs, or Branches from such Pipes, in, under, across, and along, such Places as aforesaid, and in such Manner as shall be necessary for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, or supplying any such Light as aforesaid; and from Time to Time to alter the Position of, and to repair, relay, and maintain such Pipes, Stop-cocks, Syphons, and Plugs or Branches, and also to carry, fit up, and furnish, any Pipe or Pipes, Cocks or Branches, or other necessary Apparatus, from any Main or Pipe laid in any Street, Road, Highway, Lane, Passage, or other Place, by the said Company, by virtue of this Act, in, to, or through any Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, for the Purpose of lighting the same, or any public or private Lamp, from any of such Mains or Pipes; and to erect and set up any Machine, or other Apparatus necessary or requisite for securing to any Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, a proper and competent Supply of Gas, or for measuring or ascertaining the Extent of such Supply; and also to alter or amend any bad or imperfect Work which shall have been placed, or which shall be injured or damaged in such Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, public or

private

m

la GEORGII IV. Cap.\i.

private Buildings, and to do all such other Acts, Matters, and Things, as the said Company and their Successors shall from Time to Time think necessary and convenient for completing and amending, repairing, improving, supplying, and sustaining the same, provided a proper Compen-r sation be made for any Damage done thereby: Provided also nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall authorize or empower the said Company to carry or lay any Pipe or Pipes to, through, or against any Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, Yards, or Grounds, for the Purpose of lighting any other Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, or any other Place or Places, without the previous Consent of the Owner and Occupier of every such Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, Yards, or Grounds, through which any such Pipe or Pipes may be carried or laid, for the Purpose aforesaid.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Workmen employed in laying or repairing any such Mains, Pipes, Plugs, Cocks, Syphons, or Branches, shall do as little Damage as may be, and shall forthwith fill in the Trenches, and make good the Pavement and Roads, and carry away the Rubbish occasioned thereby, and repair any Damage arising from any Drains, Sewers, or Cuts, which may be made for carrying off the Washings or Waste Liquids, without any Delay; and shall in the meantime fence or guard, and affix Lamps or Lights during the Nights, at or near the Place or Places where any Ground shall be opened, in such, Manner as to prevent Accidents to Passengers, Cattle, and Carriages: Provided also, that if there shall be any wilful or negligent Delay in the said Company of Proprietors, or any of their Agents or Servants, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, in filling in any such Ground, or removing Rubbish, or making good any such Pavements or Roads, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners acting under the said Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, or their Surveyor or, Surveyors, or any other Person or Persons, acting by or under the Authority of the said Commissioners, to fill in such Ground, and remove such Rubbish, and to repair and make good the Pavement of any Street, Highway, Way, Lane, Passage, or Place so broken up; and that the reasonable Costs and Charges thereof shall be paid by the said Company, or their Treasurer j and that in Default of Payment thereof for Thirty Days next after Demand shall be made by such Surveyor, or other Person acting by or under the Authority of the said Commissioners, Proof of such Demand being made, by the Oath of Two credible Witnesses, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the City of Norwich aforesaid, all such reasonable Costs and Charges, together with any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, by way of Penalty, shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company, or such other Person or Persons, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any such Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said City $ and which Warrant such Justice and Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant; and such Costs, Charges, and Expences shall be paid to such Commissioners, or their Treasurer.

Workmen laying Pipes to make good the Pavement.

Provision in case of Default.

XL. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained For proicct-shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorize or empower the said l??‘!!"WaU:r

Norwich Worb-

188

For the Protection of Water Pipes.

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. xi.

Norwich Gas Light Company, or any other Person or Persons in any Way whatsoever to interfere with or abridge the Rights or Privileges of any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, having any Right, Privilege, or Power to supply the Inhabitants of the said City or the Neighbourhood thereof with Water; and the said Norwich Gas Light Company shall be, and they are hereby made answerable for any Damage, Spoil, Injury, or Mischief which shall be done to any of the Pipes, Works, or Property of such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or the Pipes or Branches of any Person or Persons, communicating with such Pipes, Works, or Property, or which shall or may be sustained by them, or any or either of them, by reason or in consequence of any Act, Matter, or Thing to be done or executed by the said Norwich Gas Light Company, or any of their Agents, Servants, or Workmen; and the said Norwich Gas Light Company shall, and they are hereby required, to pay the Amount of such Damage, Spoil, Injury, or Mischief, on Demand:Provided always, and it is hereby declared, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to enlarge or diminish any of the Rights or Privileges which the said Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any of them, may have or enjoy, of supplying the Inhabitants of the said City of Norwich and County of the same with Water.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as the said Gas Light Company, their Successors or Assigns, or their Servants, Agents, or Workmen, shall dig or sink any Trench or Trenches for laying any Pipe or Pipes, for the Conveyance of Gas or other Apparatus, or shall open any Ground, for the Purposes of this Act, or any of them, in, upon, or near to which any Water Pipe or Pipes, belonging to the Proprietors for the Time being of the Norwich Water Works, for conveying Water into, through, or about the said City and County, or any Branch or Service Pipe or Pipes for the Supply of any Dwelling House or Building shall be laid, the said Gas Light Company, their Successors or Assigns, Servants, Agents, or Workmen, shall, and they are hereby required to give Twelve Hours previous Notice thereof in Writing to the Manager, or Chief Clerk, or Engineer for the Time being, of the Proprietors of the Norwich Water Works, to be left at the Dwelling House or Office of the said Manager, or Chief Clerk, or Engineer j and on every such Occasion the said Gas Light Company, their Servants, Agents, and Workmen, shall, under the Inspection of the Manager, or Chief Clerk, or Engineer for the Time being, of the said Water Works, protect and secure such Water Pipe or Pipes from any Injury or Damage, and shall also repair and make good any Damage that shall or may be done to any such Pipe or Pipes on any such Occasion; and in Default of repairing and making good any such Damage, the said Gas Light Company, their Successors or Assigns, shall for each and every such Default forfeit and pay to the Manager or Chief Clerk for the Time being of the Norwich Water Works, for the Use of the said Company of Proprietors, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, and also the Costs and Expences which shall have been incurred by the said Water Company in and about the protecting and securing of any such Water Pipe or Pipes, or in and about the repairing or making good any Injury or Damage that may have been done thereto by the Means aforesaid j such Costs and Expences to be ascertained by any Justice of the Peace for the said City, and to be recovered in the same Manner as any Expences or Penalty under this Act may be recovered.

io

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xi. 189

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Pipes or other Conduits hereafter to be laid or used for the Conveyance of Gas in, under, Feelfrom through, along, across, or around any Street, Square, Market Place, Lane, Water Pipes. Alley, Passage, Court, or other Place in the City and County aforesaid, and in a shall be so laid at the greatest practicable Distance; and wherever the Width of the Carriage-way in such Street or Place will allow thereof^ at the Distance of Four Feet at least from the nearest Part of any Water Pipe already laid down, or hereafter to be laid down by or by the Order of the Company of Proprietors for the Time being of the Norwich Water Works, for the Conveyance of Water in, under, through, along, across, or round any of the said Streets, Squares, Market Places, Lanes,

Alleys, Passages, Courts, or other Places in the City and County aforesaid, unless in Cases where it shall be unavoidably necessary to lay the Gas Pipes across any of the said Company’s Water Pipes; in which Cases the said Gas Pipes shall, wherever practicable, be laid over and above the said Company’s Water Pipes at the greatest practicable Distance therefrom, and shall form therewith a right Angle as near as the Situation will admit; and that in such Cases the said Gas Pipes so crossing the said Company’s Water Pipes shall beat least Nine Feet in Length, so that no Joint of any of the said Gas Pipes shall be nearer to any or the said Company’s Water Pipes than Four Feet at least, where the Width of the Street, Square, Market Place, Lane, Alley, Passage, Court, or other Place will admit; and that such Gas Pipes so crossing the said Water Pipes, shall, for the whole Length thereof, be sufficiently bedded in with good sound Clay, of a proper Consistence, and well worked and rammed into the Trenches all round the said Gas Pipes; and that in laying down the said Gas Pipes, the said Gas Light Company, their Successors or Assigns, shall in no Case join Two or more Gas Pipes together previous to their being laid in the Trench, but shall lay each Pipe as near as may be in its Place in the Trench, and shall in such Trench properly form the Jointing with the other Pipes to be added thereto with proper and sufficient Materials, and also wherever practicable lay, and well and sufficiently bed each and every of the Joints of the said Main Gas Pipes, and also the Joints or Screws of the Branch or Service Gas Pipes connecting with the Main Gas Pipes, and also the Joints of the Service or Branch Pipes for conveying the Gas from the Main Gas Pipes to the Houses and other Buildings, and all other Joints, Inlets, Apertures, or Openings which are or shall or may be made in any of the said Gas Pipes, with such Clay as aforesaid, all round the said several and respective Joints, Inlets, Apertures, or Openings, and for Twelve Inches in Length each Way from the Centre of each and every of the Caps or Joints in the Main Pipes, and of the Inlets, Apertures, Screws, or Joints connecting the Service Pipes with the Main Pipes, and all other Joints, Inlets, Apertures, or Openings therein, and for Six Inches at least from the Centre of each of the Joints in the Service Pipes, so as to make and keep all and every such Pipes, and the Screws, Joints, Inlets, Apertures, or Openings therein respectively, air-tight, and to prevent the said Gas from escaping therefrom.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the said Gas shall be found to escape from any of the said Gas Light Company’s Pipes to be laid as aforesaid, so as to contaminate or affect the Water supplied by the Company of Proprietors for the Time being of the Norwich Water Works to the City and County aforesaid, the said Gas Light Company, their Successors or Assigns, shall immediately on Notice thereof, to be [Local.'] 3 B left

Gas Company to prevent Gas escaping, &c> or Water Company to have certain Powers.

190

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xi.

left at the usual Office or Place for transacting their Business by the Manager, or Chief Clerk, or Engineer, for the Time being, of the said Company of Proprietors for the Time being of the Norwich Water Works, cause the most proper and speedy Measures to be taken to stop and prevent such Gas from escaping; and in case the said Gas Light Company, ' their Successors or Assigns, shall not within Twenty-four Hours next after each and every such Notice so left as aforesaid, of any such Escape of Gas, effectually stop or prevent the same from escaping, and wholly and satisfactorily remove the Cause of every such Complaint, then and in every such Case, the said Gas Light Company, their Successors or Assigns, shall on each and every Complaint of the said Water being tainted, contaminated, or affected, by such Gas as aforesaid, forfeit and pay on Demand, to the Manager, or Chief Clerk, or Engineer for the Time being of the Company of Proprietors for the Time being, of the Norwich Water Works, for the Use and Benefit of the same Proprietors, the Sum of Forty Shillings for each and every Day that the said Water shall in each and every Instance be and remain so contaminated, tainted, or affected by such Gas as aforesaid; and in Default of Payment thereof as aforesaid, such Penalty or Penalties shall and may be recovered by Information, on the Oath or Affirmation of One credible Witness, to be exhibited by and in the Name of the Manager, or Chief Clerk, or Engineer for the Time being, of the Proprietors for the Time being of the Norwich Water Works, against the said Gas Light Company, their Successors or Assigns, before any Justice of the Peace of the said City, with Costs, to be ascertained by such Justice, and to be levied by such Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Gas Light Company, their Successors or Assigns, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant; and such Penalty or Penalties and Costs, when so levied, shall be paid to the Manager, or Chief Clerk, or Engineer for the Time being, of the Proprietors for the Time being of the Norwich Water Works, for the Use of the said Proprietors: Provided nevertheless, that if it shall appear to the Justice before whom such Complaint shall be exhibited, that the said Gas Light Company shall have used all the Diligence within the Twenty-four Hours after such Notice shall have been so left as aforesaid, and shall thenceforth continue to use all such due Diligence until the said Complaint shall be effectually removed, then and in every such Case the said Gas Light Company shall not be subject or liable to the aforementioned Penalty.

Tor stopping

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Gas shall be

the Escape found to escape from any of the Pipes which shall be laid down or set up

of Gas. jjy the gajtj Company in pursuance of this Act, the said Company shall,

at their own Expence, immediately after receiving Notice in Writing or Parole of any such Escape of Gas, from any Person or Persons whomsoever, cause the most speedy and effectual Measures to be taken to stop and prevent such Gas from escaping; and in case the said Company shall not within Twenty-four Hours next after such Notice in Writing being given of any such Escape of Gas, effectually stop and prevent the Gas from escaping, and wholly and satisfactorily remove the Cause of Complaint, that then and in every such Case the said Company shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings for each and every Day after the Expiration of Twenty-four Hours from the Time 3 of

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. xi. 191

of giving any such Notice, during which the Gas shall be suffered to escape as aforesaid; which Penalty shall from Time to Time be recoverable in a summary Way, on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, by Information to be laid and exhibited by the Order of the said Commissioners or other the Persons so acting as aforesaid, before some one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said City, and shall and may be recovered, with all reasonable Charges, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company, by the Warrant of any such Justice or, Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, to be granted in like Manner and subject to the like Provisions as are herein directed touching other Penalties to be recovered from the said Company, and the same shall on being so recovered, go and be paid to the said Commissioners, or other the Persons so acting as aforesaid, or their Treasurer for the Time being.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if for the Purposes of the said Commission* recited Act, it shall at any Time or Times be deemed necessary or expe- ers of Pave" dient by the Commissioners to require the said Company to raise, sink, or otherwise alter the Situation of any of the Mains, Pipes, Stop-cocks, raise, sink* Plugs, Syphons, or Branches which shall be laid down for the Purposes or alter aforesaid, the said Company shall at their own Expence, within Two Ca- p‘Pe3* lendar Months next after being required so to do, by Notice in Writing to them given by the said Commissioners signed by their Clerk, raise, sink, or alter such Mains, Pipes, Stop-cocks, Plugs, Syphons, or Branches, according to such Notice, in such Manner and in such Place or Places as the said Commissioners shall think right and proper; and in Default thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or their Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons acting by their Order, or under their Authority, to cause such Mains, Pipes, Cocks, Plugs,

Syphons, or Branches, to be raised, sunk, or altered; and that the reasonable Costs and Charges for doing the same shall immediately thereafter be paid by the said Company or their Treasurer:Provided nevertheless, that if such reasonable Costs and Charges be not paid within Thirty Days next after Demand shall be made by such Surveyor or other Person acting by or under the Authority of the said Commissioners, Proof of such Demand being made by the Oath of One credible Witness, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said City, all such reasonable Costs and Charges shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, and which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant; and such Costs and Charges shall be paid to the said Commissioners or their Treasurer.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if by the Damage to raising, sinking, or altering any of the said Mains, Pipes, Cocks, Plugs, be made Syphons, or Branches, any Damage or Injury shall be wilfully or negli- Sood 10tIlfr gently done to the same by the said Commissioners or their Servants, then Company* and in every such Case such Damage or Injury shall be made good as soon as Circumstances permit, and the Costs, Charges, and Expences thereof shall be paid by the said Commissioners to the said Company or their Treasurer.

192 T GEORGII IV. Cap. xi.

Powers of

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained

CTsf*Pave-" extend, or be construed to extend, to defeat, abridge, alter, obstruct, ments not to or any Manner interfere with the Powers and Authorities of the said be obstructed. Commissioners appointed or elected by virtue of the said recited Act, nor Not to injure in any way to change, lessen, abridge, inipeach, annul, prejudice, or Corporation ^estroy any Rights, Privileges, Jurisdictions, Immunities, Rents, Tolls,

‘ ' Stallage, or lawful Customs belonging, due, or in anywise appertaining

to the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty of the said City.

XLVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Person shall lay or cause to be laid any Iron, Leaden, or other Pipe, to communicate with any Pipe belonging to the said Company, without the Consent of the said Company, under their Common Seal first had and obtained, nor us2 Burners of larger Dimensions than he, she, or they respectively shall contract or pay for, or supply any Inhabitant or other Person with any Part of such Gas, on Pain of forfeiting and paying to the said Company the Sum of Forty Shillings a Day, for every Day such Pipe shall so remain, or such Excess be so committed, or such Supply furnished, to be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said City of Norwich, and which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby required and empowered to grant; and the Surplus, after such Penalty or Forfeiture and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or such Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Jusdce or Justices to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the House of Correction or Common Gaol of the said City, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for such Time as such Justice or Justices shall direct, not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Forfeiture and all reasonable Charges shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, if they shall so think fit, to take off the Gas from the House and Premises of the Person so offending by such Supply of Gas as aforesaid, notwithstanding any Contracts or Agreements which may have been previously entered into.

Power to

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the convey said Company to qiake such Sewers or Cuts, of such Breadth, Depth,

Washings, an(j DimensionS} and in such Manner as they shall think expedient,

under the Streets, Ways, Lanes, and Avenues and Places within the said City and County, And Liberties and Precincts thereof, for the Purpose of carrying off the Washings and other Waste Liquids which may arise in the Prosecution of the Works aforesaid, the said Company doing as little Damage as may be in making the said Sewers and Cuts, and immediately repairing, at their own Expence, all such Damage; provided that none of such Washings or other Waste Liquids shall be conducted or conveyed into any River, Brook, or Stream of Water whatsoever.

Power for L. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Paring Com- for the said Company from Time to Time, to enter into and execute "-o'" any Contracts with the Commissioners for the Time being, acting in contract for Execution of the said recited Act, for lighting with Gas any Lamp or

Lamps

No Pipes of Communication to be laid without Consent of the Companj.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xi. 193

Lamps in the said City of Norwich, and to cause to be erected fighting with Pillars, Pilasters, or other Apparatus to receive such Gas Lights, ' and to place, erect, or affix the same against any Walls or other Places, in such Manner as may be necessary for the Purposes of this Act.

LI. And be it further enacted, That every Contract or Agree- Resttion ment which shall be entered into for lighting with Gas any public Streets, Squares, Lanes, or Passages, by the said Company of Proprie- pubijc K tors, shall contain a Clause providing that it shall be obligatory Streets, upon the said Company, that the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, or Pas-ages, shall at all Times be better and cheaper lighted by the said Company than could be done by Oil.

LII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the stud Company G«to he shall, and they are hereby directed and required to supply all the public £h2per tb»n Streets, Squares, Lanes, and Passages in the said City which shall be oil Light, lighted under and by virtue of this Act with Gas, of such Quality as shall at all Times afford a cheaper and better Light than could be obtained from Oil; and whenever the said Company shall foil so to do, the Power and Authority hereby given to the said Company to break up the Soil or Pavement of any Street, Highway, or Place in the said City, shall from thenceforth cease and determine; and every Contract or Agreement which shall be entered into for lighting with Gas any public Street, ' Square, Lane, or Place by the said Company, shall contain a Clause, providing that it shall be obligatory on the said Company that such Street, Square, Lane, or Place, shall at all Times be better and cheaper lighted by the said Company than would be done by Oil.

LIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Branch or Ser- Service Pipe, vice Pipes which shall be put up by the said Company for lighting the J0]Jre lfe*>t Streets, Squares, and other public Places of the said City, under any Contract or Agreement with the said Commissioners, shall be kept fully charged with Gas, and the Stop-cocks shall be so turned as not to Impede or prevent the said Branch or Service Pipes being completely filled with Gas during the Time the same shall be lighted.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons Reme'ty for who shall contract with the said Company, or agree to take, use, or enjoy of the Benefit of the said Gas, in their private Dwellings, Shops, Inns, Ta- ents’ vems, or other Buildings or Manufactories, shall refuse or neglect after the Space of Ten Days after Demand, to pay the Sum or Sums of Money then due for the same to the said Company according to the Terms and Stipulations with the said Company, it shall be lawful for the said Company, or their Clerk or Superintendent, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two of the Justices of the Peace for the said City of Norwich, to levy the said Sum or Sums, in respect whereof such Refiisal or Neglect shall happen, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the same, rendering the Over-plus (tf any) to such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting after the necessary Charges of making such Distress and Sale shall be first deducted; or the same, with Costs of Suit, may be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Pro-UmcsI] 3 C tection,

194

Penalty for damaging of Pipes.

For compelling the Attendance of Witnesses, and respecting Services of Notices.

Persons giving false Evidence to be punished.

Recoverj and Application of Penalties.

P GEORGII IV. Cap. x\.

teetion, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously remove, take away, destroy, damage or injure any or any Part of any Pipe, Post, Plug, Lamp, or other Apparatus, Matter, or Thing belonging to the said Company, or shall wilfully or maliciously waste, or improperly use, any of the Inflammable Air or Gas supplied by the said Company, every Person so offending in any of the respective Premises, and being thereof lawfully convicted on the Oath or Affirmation of one credible Witness, before one or more Justice or Justices for the said City of Norwich, shall forfeit and pay to the aforesaid Company, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, and Three Times the Amount of the Damage, to be ascertained by such Justice or Justices to be done; such Penalty and Damage, together with reasonable Costs, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender, returning the Overplus (if any), on Demand, to the Owner of Such Goods and Chattels, or such Offender shall and maybe committed to the House of Correction of the City of Norwich, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

LVL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses, to give Evidence before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, touching any Matter contained in any Information or Complaint for any Offence against this Act, either on behalf of the Prosecutor, or on behalf of the Person or Persons accused; and shall, after having been paid or tendered a reasonable Sum for his, her or their Costs, Charges and Expences, refuse or neglect to appear from Time to Time, at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for his, her or their Refusal or Neglect of appearing, or shall refuse to be examined upon Oath (which Oath such Justice or Justices, is and are hereby authorized and required to administer), and to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, then and in every such Case such Person shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, provided a reasonable Sum shall have been paid or tendered to such Person for Attendance as a Witness; and that in all Cases of Notices and Summonses, by this Act directed or required to be given or served, which shall or may be necessary for carrying into Execution any of the Powers of this Act, the Services of any such Notices or Summonses, either on the Person or Persons to whom the same ought to be given, or leaving the same, or a true Copy thereof, ai his, her, or their Dwelling-house, or usual or last Place of Abode, shall be good and sufficient Service of any and every such Notices or Summonses.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Witness or Witnesses who shall be examined by or before any Justice of the Peace, or otherwise, under this Act, upon Oath, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, and shall be thereof convicted, he, she, or they, so giving false Evidence, shall be subject to the same Punishment as if he, she, or they had been convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures for all and every the Offences in this Act mentioned, in relation to which 6 the

195

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xi.

the Manner of convicting the Offenders is not particularly mentioned or directed, shall be adjudged by, and recovered before any Justice of the Peace for the City of Norwich, in a summary Way, and who is hereby authorized and empowered to convict the Offender or Offenders, upon Information by the Oath or Affirmation of any Person or Persons or on the Confession of the Party offending, (which Oath or Affirmation such Justice is hereby authorized to administer) j and that in Default of Payment of such Penalties or Forfeitures, the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering the Overplus (if any), on Demand, to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained (the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deducted) 5 and oneMoiety of the Penal ties and Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof shall be paid to the Treasurer for the Time being of the Hospital established in Norwich, called the Norfolk and Norwich Hospital, to be applied towards carrying on the charitable Designs of the said Institution; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, and such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction for the City of Norwich aforesaid for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

LIX. And for the more easy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That a Conviction in the Form and to the Effect following shall be good, without alleging more than the Substance of the Offence; videlicet.

City of Norwich and^ i^E it remembered, That on the County of the same >•*- v —

Day Form of

1

County Of the samo of in the Year of Our Lord One Con, iction '

* ltjr’to W1 ‘ thousand eight hundred and is [or

* are] convicted before me [or us, as the Case may be_j of His

‘ Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said City of Norwich, by virtue of

* an Act of Parliament passed in the First Year of the Reign of King George c the Fourth, intituled [here insert the Title of this Act,] of having [sped *

1 fying the Offence and the Time and Place when and where the same was 1 committed, as the Case shall be] contrary to the said Act, and for which ‘ Offence I [or we, as the Case shall be] do adjudge the said

* to have forfeited the Sum of . Given under my Hand

‘ and Seal [or our Hands and Seals} the Day and Year first above written.

LX. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons, Body Proceedings or Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall be subject or liable to the Payment be within of any of the Penalties or Forfeitures inflicted by virtue of this Act, S* Calendar for any Offence or Offences against this Act, unless Information °nt s‘ respecting such Offence or Offences shall have been lodged before a Magistrate within Six Calendar Months next after such Offence is committed.

LXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Nothing in Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any this Act to Person or Persons from proceeding by Indictment or otherwise against Prevent the said Company, or against any of their Officers, Servants, or Work- frolTCL men, in respect of any Works of the said Company, or the Method indicted for which shall be employed by them for furnishing such Lights as aforesaid, a Nuisance, as a public or private Nuisance, or from bringing any Actions against the

190 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xi.

said Company, or any of their Officers, Servants, or Workmen, so» any Injury sustained by reason of any such Works or Method of lighting whether such Injury shall proceed from the Nature of such Method of lighting, or the Carelessness or Want of Skill of the Persons employed therein.

Appeal.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, or by any Bye-law, Rule, or Order to be made in pursuance hereof (and for which no particular Method of Relief is herein-before appointed), such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the said City of Norwich, and County of the same City, at their General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be held for the said City and County, within the Space of Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Appeal shall have arisen, such Appellant or Appellants first giving or causing to be given Fourteen Days Notice at least of his, her or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause thereof, to the said Company, or other the Respondent or Respondents, and within Ten Days next after such Notice given, enter into a Recognizance before one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said City and County, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal at such General or Quarter Sessions, and to abide the Order of, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Sessions; and the said Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Cause and Matter of such Appeal, in a summary Way, and shall award such Costs to either Party, as they shall think proper; and the Determination of the Justices at such Sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Parties.

Directing

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases wherein it may be 2'dt8'ed requisite or necessary for any Person or Persons, Party or Parties, to ServkTof a serve any Notice or Notices upon the said Company, or any Writ or Notice, be. Writs or other legal Proceedings, the Service thereof upon any Member of on the Com- the said Committee of Management, or left at his usual Place of Abode, p, ny- or upon the Clerk of the said Company, or at the Office of such Clerk, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode, or at the Office of the said Company, or in case the same respectively shall not be found or known, then Service upon any Agent or other Officer employed by the said Company, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode, shall be deemed good and sufficient Service of the same respectively on the said Company.

Expenses of

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and the Act how Expences attending the applying for, obtaining, and passing this Act, to he paid, ^all be paid and discharged out of the Monies already subscribed for the Purposes of this Act.

[Public Act.]

LXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1820.

anno primo

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. xii.

An Act for repealing an Act of His late Majesty’s

Clement, in the Town and Port of Hastings, in the County of Sussex, and for granting other and more effectual Powers in lieu thereof, for paving and otherwise improving the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places; and for repairing the Highways within the said Parish and the Parish of All Saints, and that Part of the Parish of Saint Mary in the Castle which is situate within the Liberties of the said Town and Port.

[22d June 1820.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An 29G. 3. C. 27. Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, improving and regulating the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, and for repairing the Highways, within the Parish of Saint Clement, in the Town and Port of Hasting, in the County of Sussex, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Obstructions, and Encroachments within the said Town and Port, whereby certain Powers were given and granted to certain Persons therein named Commissioners, for the Purposes contained in the said Act: And whereas for the Purpose of carrying the said Act into Execution, several Sums of Money, amounting in the whole to the Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds, were borrowed by the Commissioners

198

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. xii.

appointed by or under the said Act, upon the Credit of the Rates or Assessments thereby granted or authorized to be levied, collected, or received; and the said Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds now remains due and owing on Mortgage of such Rates or Assessments: And whereas the Commissioners appointed by or under the said recited Act have found the Powers therein granted defective and insufficient, owing to the same being confined to the said Parish of Saint Clement ', it is therefore expedient that the said Act should be repealed, and further, better, and more effectual Powers granted for paving and otherwise improving the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places; and for repairing the Highways within the said Parish of Saint Clement, and the Parish of All Saints, and that Part of the Parish of Saint Mary in the Castle as is situate within the Liberties of the said Town and Port: And whereas from the great Increase of the Buildings, and of the Inhabitants and Visitors resorting to the said Town, it would be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and to all Persons resorting thereto, if the Roads, Streets, Lanes, Ways, and other public Passages and Places, now made or hereafter to be made within the said Town, and situate in the Parishes of Saint Clement and All Saints, and in that Part of the 'Parish of Saint Mary in the Castle which is situate within the Liberties of the said Town and Port, were properly paved, cleansed, lighted, watched, watered, repaired, improved, and regulated, and tfre Nuisances, Annoyances, Obstructions and Encroachments therein were removed and prevented for the future: But as the Objects aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by ai>d with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and Repeal of by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, former Act. the s^tid recited Act, and all Matters and Things therein contained, shall be and the same is and are hereby repealed and declared null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Limits of

II. And be it further enacted, That the Limits of this Act shall, for all this Act. the Purposes thereof, be deemed and taken to comprise the whole of the Parishes of Saint Clement and All Saints, and that Part of the Parish of Saint Mary in the Castle, which is situate within the Limits of the said Town and Port of Hasting, in the said County of Sussex.

Appoint- HI- And be it further enacted, That Edward Milward, John Golds-ment ofCom- worthy Shorter, Charles Stevens Crouch, William Lucas Shadwell ', Frederick missioners. fountain North, William Offley, Wastel Brisco, Webster Whistler Clerk, William Horn Clerk, William Bishop, William Thorp, William Gill, Samuel Satterley, James Wenham, Thomas Manington, William Scrivens, William Duke, John Tompsett, George Strickland, Benjamin Bossom, Edward Wenham, Thomas Breeds, John Cos sum, Thomas James Breeds, William A moor e, Solomon BevilI, William Woodroffe, Benjamin Standen, William Standen, William Whatjord, William Edwards, John Manington, Thomas Daniel, John Russell, William Ball, Benjamin Coffrett, George Jackson, Thomas Thwaites, Mark Boykett Breeds, Walter Crouch, Henry Sindall, Jonathan Mose, Nathaniel Crouch, James Lock, William Ellis, Abraham Wood the younger, John Williams the younger, Edmund Weeks, Rowe Carswell, Humphrey Wickham, George Robinson, Nicholas Harrison 12 Wimble,

199

I- GEORGII IV. Cap. xii.

Wimble, John Adams, Thomas Phillips, Joseph Hannay, John Hadden,

Stephen Welfare, George Carpenter, John Coussens the younger, William Stanford, Richard Harman, John Hide, Robert Kent, William Phillips,

William Phillips the younger, Richard Tutt, George Wenham, Charles Lavendar, Edward Burchatt, John Lulharn, John Phillips, John Strong,

George Kent, William Campbell, George Tutt, Thomas Tbwaites the younger, William Ransom, William Ridley, John Tree, William Tree, John Plummer, William Longley, Thomas Hutchinson, William Mar den, James Cramp, John Thwaites, William Winter, William Noon, Thomas Mann,

Richard Chandler, John Longley, Henry Thwaites, James Barry, John Knight, John Inskipp, Daniel Gill, John Eaton, John Smith, Francis Henbrey, James Fermor, William Wellard, and their Successors, to be elected and appointed in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby constituted and appointed Commissioners for the putting this Act into Execution.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall Commis-be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, s‘oners to unless he shall have previously taken the Oath, or Affirmation, if one of takeaQ0«h. the people called Quakers, next following, before any Two or more of the said Commissioners, who are hereby authorized and required to administer the same, before he takes upon himself to act in the Trusts and Authorities by this Act granted; which Oath or Affirmation shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

* F A.B. do swear, [or affirm, as the Case may be[\ That I am in my own Oath.

* A Right, or in the Right of my Wife, in the actual Possession or Receipt ‘ of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Parish of Saint Clement or All Saints, or that Part of the Parish of ‘ Saint Mary in the Castle which lies within the Liberties of the Town

* and Port of Hasting, in the County of Sussex, of the yearly Value of ‘ Twenty Pounds, or am Tenant or Occupier of Lands, Tenements, or ‘ Hereditaments, within the said Parishes or one of them, of the yearly 8 Value of Twenty Pounds, or, am possessed of a Personal Estate of the Value of Three hundred Pounds, and that I will truly and impar-8 daily, according to the best of my Skill and Judgment, execute and

* perform the several Powers and Authorities reposed in me, as a Commissioner, by virtue of an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of

8 His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act, &c. [here in-c tert the Title of this Act.] So help me GOD.

And if any Person or Persons, not being so qualified, shall nevertheless Penalty on presume to act in the Execution hereof, every such Person shall for every acting, if not such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and every Person so sued or prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence being given on the Part of the Plaintiff or Prosecutor, than that such Person hath acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act:Provided never- All Acts of theless, that all Acts and Proceedings of any Person or Persons acting as Commis-

a Com- sioners»

200 1" GEORGII IV. Cap. xii.

though not a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, though fied! to*be" not clua^e^ as aforesaid previous to his or their being convicted of

valid. she said Offence, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as good,

valid, and effectual, as if such Person or Persons had been duly qualified to act as a Commissioner or Commissioners according to the Directions Commission- of this Act: Provided always nevertheless, that it shall be lawful for such JusUc"1 ma l^e Commissioners who are or shall be a Justice or Justices of the act as such3" ^eace ^Pr dhe Town and Port of Hasting, to act as Justices of the Peace in or relating to the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Commissioners under this Act.

Election of V. And be it further enacted, That when any of the Commissioners Commis- herein named, or to be elected in pursuance of this Act, shall die, refuse, or

0UCI>' neglect to act, or remove out of the Jurisdiction of this Act, or be rendered incapable of acting, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioners, at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, or any Seven or more of them, to elect and appoint another Commissioner, being a Proprietor or Owner of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or an Inhabitant or Resident within the said Parishes, and qualified as herein-before is mentioned, in the Room of such Commissioner so dying, removing, refusing, or neglecting to act, or rendered incapable of acting; and every Person so elected and appointed is hereby vested with the same Powers for putting this Act in Execution, and shall and may, and is hereby authorized and empowered to act, to all Intents and Purposes, in as full, large, and ample Manner as the Person in whose Stead or Place he shall be so elected and appointed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall, on the Second Monday next after the passing of this Act, meet together, between the Hours oi Ten of the Clock in the Morning and Twelve of the Clock at Noon of that Day, at the House commonly called or known by the Name of the Swan Inn, if then open, and if not, then at some other convenient House or Place within the said Town and Port, when, if Seven or more of the said Commissioners shall be there assembled, but not otherwise, it shall and may be lawful for them, and they are hereby required to proceed in the Execution of this Act, and that afterwards a General Meeting of the Commissioners shall be held for the same Purpose, on the First Monday in every Month, between the Hours and at the Place aforesaid, unless some other Time or Place within the said Town shall be appointed by the said Commissioners or any Seven or more of them; and if at the Time when any such Meeting shall be appointed as aforesaid, there shall not be Seven or more Commissioners then and there present, then each and every such Meeting, unless expressly adjourned to any other Time or Place within the said Town, as herein-after mentioned, shall stand and be adjourned to the First Monday in the following Month, on which a Meeting in pursuance of this Act would otherwise have been held.

Majority at a

VII. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers or Authorities by Meeting to fhis Act granted to or vested in the said Commissioners, shall and may decide. from Time to Time be exercised by the Majority of them present at any Public Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, such Majority not being less than Four Commissioners; and that a Chairman shall and may

201

1° GEORGII IV. Caji.xii.

be appointed at every such Meeting, and that in all Cases the said Commissioners shall vote by Ballot, in case the same shall be desired by any Four or more of the said Commissioners then present, and in case of an equal Number of Voters upon any Occasion, including the Chairman’s Vote, the Chairman shall have the casting or decisive Vote, and that at every such Meeting the Commissioners then and there attending shall pay and defray their own Expences.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Act of the said Commissioners No Act valid shall be legal or valid, unless the same be done at some General or Special

Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, and unless at every such grepreieotat Meeting there shall be at least Seven Commissioners present (except as a Meeting, herein-after mentioned); and all Acts, Orders, and Directions of the Majority of such Commissioners present at such Meetings as aforesaid, shall have the same Force, Power and Effect, as if the same were made or done by all the Commissioners for the Time being:Provided always, that any Two of the said Commissioners assembled at any General or Special Meeting held in pursuance of this Act, may, if necessary, adjourn such Meeting from Time to Time, to the same or any other Place within the said Town, which they shall think convenient.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time hereafter it shall or special may be necessary to hold a Special Meeting, before the Time at which a Meeting to General Meeting is herein-before appointed and required to be held as be called by aforesaid, that then and in any such Case it shall and may be lawful to and Reauest* for the Clerk to the said Commissioners, at the Request of any Five or of Five Commore of them, to direct such Special Meeting to be held, giving at least missioners. Seven Days Notice, by the Town Crier proclaiming the same through the

Town, and affixing a Notice in Writing on the Market House, of the Time, Place, and Purport thereof.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person appointed Commission-a Commissioner by virtue of this Act, shall act or be capable of acting as ers l.0 be dis* a Commissioner, or of attending any Meeting to be held in pursuance such and in Execution of this Act, during such Time as he shall hold or enjoy T^meSas they any Office or Place of Profit under the same, or shall be directly or indi- are concem-rectly concerned or interested in any Manner whatsoever, or shall in any- ed in Con" wise be personally or beneficially interested in any Contract made, done, or tractB’ &c* executed under or by virtue of this Act, in any Manner whatsoever other

than as a Creditor on the Rates, Tolls, or Assessments, as herein-after mentioned; but every such Commissioner shall, in any or either of such Cases, be disqualified to act as a Commissioner, or to attend any Meeting, until he shall have relinquished such Office or Place of Profit, or completed such Contract or Work, and until the next General Meeting after his Account for the same shall have been examined and allowed at a Meeting held in pursuance of this Act, upon pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered by Action at Law in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere, in which Action no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Rule, Resolution, No Resolu-Regulation, Act or Proceeding made, done, allowed, or carried into Effect, Meet.

[Local.'] 3 E at ingrat*rbe

202 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xn.

rescinded, at any Meeting held in pursuance of this Act. shall be altered or suspended *

Special* revoked, rescinded, disannulled or disallowed, in any Manner whatsoever *

Meeting. unless at some subsequent Meeting of the said Commissioners to be held for that particular Purpose, of which Seven Days Notice in Writing of the Time, Place, and Purport of such Meeting shall have been given by the Clerk to the said Commissioners in Manner aforesaid, and unless a greater Number of the said Commissioners by Seven at least than were present at the Meeting at which such Order, Rule, Resolution, Regulation, Act or Proceeding so proposed to be altered or suspended, revoked, rescinded, disannulled, or disallowed, was made, shall be present, and the Majority of the Commissioners present shall concur therein.

Officers to be

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and

appointed. may from Time to Time whenever they shall think necessary, by Writing under their Hands, appoint and employ a Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk, Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers of the Rates, Assessments, and Monies to be raised by them or by their Order, and also a Surveyor or Surveyors, and such other Officer and Officers, Person and Persons, for the Execution of this Act, as they the said Commissioners shall think proper; which respective Officers, if the said Commissioners shall see Occasion, shall be by them sworn to the due and faithful Discharge of their several Offices, in such Form of Oath as the said Commissioners shall appoint, according to the Nature of their respective Offices; and the said Commissioners shall and may from Time to Time remove them or any of them, and in like Manner appoint others in the Room of those removed, and out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act by the said Commissioners, pay such Salaries, Wages, or Allowances to the said Officers and other Persons, as they the said Commissioners shall think reasonable; and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to take such Security from every such Treasurer, Collector, and other Officers, as they the said Commissioners shall think reasonable; and all such Officers so to be appointed shall, under their Hands (at such Time and Times and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct), deliver to the said Commissioners or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge, and of all Monies which shall have been received by such Officers and Persons respectively by virtue of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the Vouchers for such Payments; and shall pay all such Money as shall remain due from them respectively to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint; and if any such Officer or Person shall refuse or wilfully neglect to make and render any such Accounts, or to produce or deliver up the Vouchers relating to the same, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall refuse or neglect to deliver to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Fourteen Days after being thereunto required by the said Commissioners, by Notice in Writing to be given to or left at the last or usual Place of Abode of such Officer or Person, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, and to give Information and Satisfaction to the said Commissioners respecting the same, then and in every such Case, upon Complaint made by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or by any Person or Persons whom they shall appoint for that Purpose, of any Neglect or 3 Refusal

203

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xii.

Refusal as aforesaid, to any Justice of the Peace for the said Town and Port of Hasting, or for the County, City, Town Corporate, or Place wherein such Officer or Person so neglecting or refusing shall reside or be, such Justice may and is hereby authorized and required, by a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Officer or Person so refusing or neglecting, to be brought before him, and upon his appearing, or having been summoned and not appearing or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if upon the Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is empowered to administer1, it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Money which shall have been collected or raised by the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Persons, such Justice may and is hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer and Person; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer or Person can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining and selling the same, or if it shall appear to such Justice that such Officer or Person shall have refused or wilfully neglected to render or give such Account, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, of that any Books, Papers, or Writings relative to the Execution of this Act, shall be in the Custody or Power of such Officer or Person, and he shall have refused or wilfully neglected to deliver up or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid; then and in any of the Cases aforesaid such Justice shall and may commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County where such Offender shall be or reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall have made and given a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the Commissioners for such Money, and shall have paid such Composidon in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to make and receive), and until he shall have delivered up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or have given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Commissioners:Provided always, that no Person who shall be committed by virtue of this Act on account of his not having sufficient Goods or Chattels, shall be detained in Prison for any longer Term than Three Calendar Months: Provided also, that if any Money shall remain due from such Officer or Person,

Officers or Persons, the Commitment of him or them to Prison shall not be deemed a Discharge for the same, nor exonerate his or their Surety or Sureties, but such Officer or Officers, or Persons, and his and their Surety or Sureties, shall remain liable to the Payment thereof in the same Manner as if such Officer or Person had not been committed to Prison.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Accounts to and they are hereby required to order and direct a Book or Books to be ts°and provided and kept by their Clerk for the Time being, in which Book or Disburse Books such Clerk shall enter or cause to be entered, true and regular meats, which Accounts of all Sums of Money received, paid, laid out and expended, shall be open for or on account of this Act, and of the several Articles, Matters, and fi°0Ja3pCC~ Things, for which such Sums of Money shall have been disbursed, laid out and paid, which Book or Books shall at all seasonable Times be open to the Inspection of the said Commissioners, or any Creditor or Creditors

204

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. xii.

on the Rates or Assessments hereby granted, without Fee or Reward, and the said Commissioners and Creditors, or any of them, shall or may take Copies of or Extracts from the said Book or Books, or any Part or Parts thereof, without paying any thing for the same; and in case the said Clerk shall refuse to permit or shall not permit the said Commissioners or such Creditors to inspect the same, or take such Copies or Extracts as aforesaid, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be levied and recovered in Manner hereinafter mentioned.

Offices of

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be Clerk and lawful for the said Commissioners to continue or appoint the Person who

notuTbe may appointed to act as their Clerk, or the Partner of any such Clerk,

held by one the Treasurer for the Purpose of this Act, or to continue or appoint the

Person. Person who may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such

Treasurer, the Clerk to the said Commissioners; and if any Person shall act in both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk, - shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of such Treasurer shall act as Clerk in the Execution of this Act, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

Executors of

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Death of any of the officers said Officers, before he shall have paid and fully satisfied all the Monies

account0 which he shall have received by virtue of this Act, then and in every such

Case the Executors or Administrators of such Officer so dying, shall pay and satisfy the same out of the Estate and Effects of such Officer, unto the said Commissioners, or any Person appointed by them in that Behalf, and also shall deliver up all Books, Papers, Writings, and other Things concerning his Office, or relating to the Execution of this Act, which shall have come to the Hands of such Executors or Administrators, who shall or may plead such Payment, in any Action or Suit that may be brought against them, on account of the said Estate and Effects, and give the same in Evidence; and in case of the Non-payment of such Monies, or the Non-delivery of such Books, Papers, Writings and Things, for the Space of Fourteen Days next after Demand made thereof in Writing, by or on the Behalf of the said Commissioners, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to commence and prosecute any Action or Actions in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, against such Executors or Administrators, for Recovery of the said Monies, or for the Recovery of Damages for the Detention of such Books, Papers, Writings, and Things; in which Action or Actions full Costs of Suit shall be recoverable by the said Commissioners.

Penalty on

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be retained Officers or employed by the said Commissioners, as Treasurer, Clerk, Collector,

taking Fees, or Surveyor, or in any other Manner acting under or in the Execution of &c‘ this Act, shall exact, take or receive, directly or indirectly, by himself or

any other Person, to his Use, any Fee, Profit, or Reward whatsoever, or

any

205

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xii.

any Promise or Security whatsoever, by himself or any other Person for his Use, other than such Salaries, Allowances, and Rewards as shall or may be allowed as aforesaid for or on account of any thing done or to be done by virtue of or under this Act; or shall at any Time, directly or indirectly, by himself or others to his own Use, or in Trust for him, be concerned or in any Manner interested in any Sale, Purchase, Bargain,

Contract or Benefit made or to be made other than as aforesaid, under or by virtue of this Act, every Person so offending shall not only be forthwith removed from his Office, Place, or Employment under this Acr, and be incapable of holding any Office or Place, or be employed in any Manner whatsoever in future under this Act, but shall also forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered as herein mentioned.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may sue Provision for

and be sued in the Name of their Clerk for the Time being, and all Actions and

and Suits, which may be necessary or expedient to be brought for the ^crionsm Recovery of any Penalty or Sum or Sums of Money due or payable from the Name of or to them by virtue of this Act, or for or in respect of any other Matter the Clerk, or Thing done by them, of or relating to this Act, may be brought in the

Name of the said Clerk; and that no Action or Suit which may be brought, commenced or prosecuted by or against the said Commissioners or any of them by virtue or on account of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death, Suspension, or Removal of such Clerk, or by any Act or Default of such Clerk, done or suffered without the Consent or Direction of the said Commissioners; but the Clerk to the said Commissioners for the Time being shall always be deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in every such Action or Suit, (as the Case may be), except in such Action or Actions as shall be prosecuted between the said Commissioners and their Clerk for the Time being, in which Action or Suit any One of the said Commissioners shall or may be Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Case may be: Provided always, that every such Clerk or Commissioner, in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall always be reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act all such Damages,

Costs, Charges, and Expences as such Clerk or Commissioner shall be put to or become chargeable with by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant therein; and no such Clerk or Commissioner shall be personally accountable or liable to the Payment of the same or any Part of the same, unless such Action or Suit shall arise in consequence of his own wilful Neglect or Default, or have been brought or commenced without the Order or Direction of the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Books to be cause proper Books to be provided and kept, in which shall be fairly kept of Pro-written and entered the several Meetings held in pursuance of this Act, ceedings. and of the Commissioners present thereat respectively, and of the Nomination of all Office! i and Persons to act in the Execution thereof, and of all

Acts, Orders, Rules, Directions, Resolutions, Proceedings, and of all Rates and Duties to be imposed or raised by virtue of this Act, and of all Contracts to be made in pursuance thereof, and of all other Matters and Things whatsoever relative to or in any Manner concerning the Execution of this Act ’f and the Chairman of the Commissioners assembled at any {Local, '] 3 F Meeting

206

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xii.

Meeting under this Act shall subscribe his Name at the End of their Proceedings at every such Meeting, and all Entries in the said Books of such Proceedings, signed as aforesaid, shall be admitted in Evidence in any Court whatsoever, in all Causes, Suits, or Actions, and upon all Accounts whatsoever, to which the same shall or may in anywise relate; and the same shall at all convenient and seasonable Times, without Fee or Reward, be open to the Inspection of the said Commissioners, and of all other Persons rated and assessed for the Purposes of this Act, or otherwise interested therein.

Property of

XIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of Pavements, this Act, the Property of and in all the present and future Pavements in vSdin&C’ ^e Streets, Lanes, Highways, and other Ways and Places within the Commis- Limits of this Act, and of and in the Stones, Flags, Bricks, and other •ionera. Materials thereof, and of all Lamps and Lamp Irons and Posts, with the Appendages already erected and fixed by virtue of the said recited Act, or which shall or may be erected, set up, or fixed by virtue of this Act, and of and in the Materials of all Houses or other Buildings which shall be purchased or pulled down by the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act, and all the Dirt, Dung, Ashes, and Filth, to be swept, gathered, and collected under or by virtue of this Act, and all Watch-houses, Watchboxes, and all Articles, Materials, Implements, and Things of what Nature or Kind soever, which shall be made use of, or which shall or may be purchased or obtained for the Purposes of this Act, shall belong to and be the Property of and the same, shall be and are hereby vested in the said Commissioners j which Commissioners shall be known by the Name of‘The Commissioners for the Improvement of the Town and Port of Hasting in the County of Sussex who are hereby authorized and empowered to commence any Action or Actions in the Name of their said Clerk for the Time being, or to prefer any Bill or Bills of Indictment, as the Case shall or may require, against any Person or Persons who shall or may withhold, take, or carry away, detain, spoil, injure, or destroy, or feloniously steal or carry away the several Articles or Things hereby vested in the said Commissioners, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof; and in all such Actions and Bills of Indictment respectively, it shall be deemed and taken sufficient to state generally, that the Article or Articles, Thing or Things for or on account of which such Action or Actions shall be brought, or Bill or Bills of Indictment preferred, is or are the Property of the Commissioners for the Improvement of the Town and Port of Hasting, in the County of Sussex, without particularly stating or specifying the Name or Names of all or any of the said Commissioners; and the said Commissioners shall and hereby have full Power and Authority to sell and dispose of all or any Part of the old or useless Materials, and the Money from the Sale thereof shall be applied to such and the same Purposes, and no other, as the Money to arise from the Rates and Duties hereby authorized are directed to be applied.

XX. And be it further enacted, That from and immediately after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, at any General Meeting to be by them held under this Act, to alter or change, or cause to be altered or changed, the Foundation or Level of any or either of the Streets, Lanes, and Places, and to cause all and every the Pavements now 9 being

New Pavements to be made at the Expence of Commissioner*.

207

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xii.

being in any of the Streets, Lanes, and Places within the said Town, as well Footways as Horse or Carriage Ways, to be levelled, repaired, amended, raised, lowered, altered or placed in such Manner, with such Materials, and with such Drains, Gutters, Sinks, or Watercourses, and with such Grate or Gratings, on, from, or out of such Ways, over and into such Gutters, Sinks, Drains, or Watercourses as the said Commissioners shall think proper to direct; and also to cause all other Streets, Lanes, and Places within the Limits of this Act, being Public Highways, which are now built upon but not paved, and all such other Streets, Lanes, and Places which are now making or building, or may hereafter be made or built upon, to be paved in such Manner, and with such Gutters, Sinks, Drains, or Watercourses as to them the said Commissioners shall seem meet and necessary, and the Charges and Expences thereof shall be defrayed by the said Commissioners out of the Money arising or to arise by virtue of this Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whomsoever shall at any Time make, or cause or permit or suffer to be made, any Alteration whatsoever in the Pavement, or in the Foot, Horse or Carriage Ways, Gutters, Sinks, Drains, or Watercourses, within the Limits of this Act, or in any or either of them, for any Purpose whatsoever, without the Consent in Writing of the said Commissioners assembled at a General Meeting under this Act, under the Hand of the Chairman first obtained for that Purpose, and subject to such Terms and Conditions as the said Commissioners at such Meeting shall think proper to prescribe, order, or direct, concerning the same: Provided also, that where such Alterations shall be made with such Consent as aforesaid, such Alteration, together

j with the Place or Thing so altered, shall be done by or under the Direc-

r tions of the said Commissioners, at the Expence, Costs, and Charges of the Person or Persons requiring the same; and if any such Person or Persons shall at any Time neglect or refuse to pay such Charges and Expences, the same shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale, of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons, in like Manner as the Rates herein-after directed to be raised and levied are directed to be recovered; and the Overplus, if any, of the Monies to arise thereby, after deducting such Charges and Expences as aforesaid, and the Costs and Expences attending such Distress and Sale, shall be returned to such Person or Persons as aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That before the said Commissioners shall make any Order for the doing or performing of any Work or Business, the purchasing any Materials, Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, where such Work, or such Materials, Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be reasonably supposed to amount to the Sum of One hundred Pounds, such Work or Materials, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, shall be advertised to be done or furnished by Contract in the Manner herein-after mentioned; and it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners to contract or agree with any Person or Persons to do such Work or Business, or furnish such Materials, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, until the same shall have been so advertised.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, at any such General

Meeting,

No Alteration of the Pavements without the Consent of the Commissioners.

Commission-

advertise for Contracts, for the Performance of Works to be done by virtue of this Act, of 1001. or upwards.

Power for the Commissioners to

208

contract for the Work.

If Work be

according to Contract, Actions may be commenced.

Power to

Commissioners to provide Lamps, &c. and Penalties for breaking or injuring them.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xu.

Meeting, to contract and agree with any Person or Persons whatsoever, for the paving, amending, or keeping in Repair the Pavement of and also for cleansing and lighting the said Streets and other Places, or any Part or Parts thereof, and for the doing or performing any other necessary Work, or Business, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, or for the Purchase, Sale, or Delivery of any Materials, Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatsoever, by this Act authorized or required to be done or performed, purchased, sold, or delivered by or to the said Commissioners, in pursuance of and in the Execution of this Act; which Contract or Contracts, so to be made and entered into as aforesaid, shall be reduced into Writing, and entered in one of the Books of the said Commissioners, and be signed not only by the Commissioners present at such, Meeting, or by any Seven or more of them, but also by the Person or Persons contracting with them as aforesaid, or some other Person on his or their Behalf, and shall specify the particular Works, Matters, or Things meant to be contracted for, the Prices to be paid for the same, and at the Time or Times when the same are to be paid, the Kinds or Sorts of Materials, Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, and the Penalties to be incurred in case of any Breach or Nonperformance of such Contract: Provided also, that Ten Days Notice at the least, previous to such Meeting for making and entering into such Contract or Contracts as aforesaid, shall be published in one of the Weekly Papers circulated in the County of Sussex, or in such other Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct or appoint $ in which Notice shall be specified, the Subject or Matter to be contracted for at such Meeting, that Persons may tender Proposals for the same; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and required to take of and from every such Person and Persons so contracting sufficient Sureties for the Performance thereof.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case such Contract or Contracts shall not be performed, according to the Intent and Meaning thereof, by the Person or Persons contracting with the said Commissioners as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall and may, in the Name of their said Clerk, commence an Action in either of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, against such Person or Persons, for Breach or Nonperformance of such Contract or Contracts; and in case the Plaintiff shall recover therein, he shall, in addition to the Penalty or Damages which he may recover, be entitled to the full Costs of such Action.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time as Occasion may require, to provide Lamp Irons or Lamp Posts, and set up, or cause the same to be set up or affixed into, upon, or against the Ground adjoining to, or the Walls, Palisadoes or Iron Rails, or any other Part of any of the Houses Tenements, or Buildings already erected or built, or now building, or which shall at any Time hereafter be built within the Limits of this Act, or in such other Manner and at such Distance as they shall think proper and convenient; and also to cause Lamps of such Sizes and Sorts to be provided and affixed to, in, or upon such Lamp Irons or Lamp Posts, and to alter, take down, and remove any of the present or future Lamp Irons, Posts, or Lamps, which shall or may be purchased, affixed, or provided in virtue of or for the Purposes of this Act, and to do all such Matters and Things as they shall

209

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xii.

shall from Time to Time think proper, convenient, and necessary for the well and effectually lighting of the said Town; and also to cause Posts to be set up near or adjoining the Foot Pavements, in such Parts of the Streets or other Places as they shall deem necessary; and to set up Posts and Rails near or adjoining to any vacant Ground, or other exposed or dangerous Place within the Limits of this Act, for preventing Accidents or Casualties; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully deface, break, throw down, displace, take away, damage, injure, or spoil any of the Lamps, Lamp Irons, or other Furniture thereof, or any other Posts or Rails within the Limits of this Act, already pur up or which shall or may be put up by virtue of this Act, within the Limits of this Act, or wilfully damage or injure any of the Posts, Rails, Irons, or other Furniture thereof, or Materials belonging thereto, or extinguish the Lights of any such Lamp or Lamps, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person whomsoever who shall see such Offence committed, to seize, as also for any other Person or Persons to assist in seizing the Offender or Offenders, and by Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey him, her, or them, or to deliver him, her, or them to the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some Justice of the Peace for the said Town and Port; and such Justice shall proceed to examine upon Oath any credible Witness or Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give Information touching such Offence (which Oath the said Justice is hereby authorized and required to administer); and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of such Offence, either by his, her, or their own Confession, or upon such Oath as aforesaid, he, she, or they so convicted shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for each such Lamp so broken, or Lamp Iron, Lamp Post, or Furniture thereof, or for every such Post or Rail so broken, defaced, or thrown down, displaced, taken away, or damaged, or for every Light so extinguished as aforesaid, and moreover shall make full Satisfaction to the Commissioners, or to such Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, for the Damages so done by him, her, or them as aforesaid; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not on Conviction pay such Forfeiture, and make such Satisfaction as aforesaid, which Satisfaction such Justice is hereby required to ascertain and settle, such Justice is hereby required to commit him, her, or them to the Common Gaol of the said Town and Port, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Space of Time not exceeding Fourteen Days, and such Offender or Offenders shall not be discharged before the Expiration of the Time for which he, she, or they shall be so committed, unless the Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given; and in case any Person or Persons shall accidentally break, throw down, or otherwise injure or damage any of the said Posts, Rails, Lamps, or the Irons, Posts, or Furniture thereof, and shall not immediately upon Demand make Satisfaction to the said Commissioners for the Damage done thereto, then and in any of the said Cases it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said Town and Port, upon Proof thereof made by the Oath (or Affirmation, being a Quaker) of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the Confession of the Party, to award to the said Commissioners, such Sum of Money as a Satisfaction for such Damage, and also for all Expences which shall be incurred by the said Commissioners in obtaining such Sum of Money as such Satisfaction as aforesaid, as such Justice shall think reasonable j and in case of Refusal [Local1] 3 G or

210

Commissioner* empowered to cause the Streets, &c. to be lighted with Oil or Gas.

Tower to break up the

& c.

Ingredients used in manufacturing: Gas not to be conveyed into the Bourne, or any River or Pond, &c.

This Act not to prevent any Person from proceeding against the Commissioners for a Nuisance, &c.

T GEORGII IV CapM.

or Neglect of the Party or Parties to pay the Sum or Sums of Money so awarded within Fourteen Days next after Demand thereof, to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, and the Overplus (if any) arising by such Distfess and Sale to be paid to him, her, or them upon Demand.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to csiuse such Part and Parts of the said Parishes as are intended to be lighted by virtue of this Act, to be lighted either with Oil Lamps, or by Means of Gas or Inflammable Air, as the said Commissioners or any Seven or more of them shall think fit; and in case it shall be determined by the said Commissioners or any Seven or more of them, to cause the said Parishes to be lighted by Means of Gas or Inflammable Air, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or any Seven or more of them, from Time to Time to contract and agree with any Body or Bodies Corporate, Company or Companies of Proprietors, or other Person or Persons, to light the same by Means of Gas or Inflammable Air, in such Manner, and upon and under such Terms and Conditions, Stipulations and Agreements, as the said Commissioners or any Seven or more of them shall think proper, and to cause to be erected Gasometers, Pillars, and all other Apparatus, to produce, conduct, supply, and receive such Gas or Inflammable Air, in such Manner as shall be thought expedient and necessary.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, in case it shall be determined to light the said Town and Parishes with Gas, as herein-before is mentioned, to cause or authorize to be broken the Soil or Pavement of any of the Footways, Streets, and Public Passages in the said Parishes, and to be dug and sunk, made and constructed, Trenches and Pipes and Stop Cocks, Plugs or Branches therefrom, and all other Works and Machinery to be laid down and made for conveying the Gas or Inflammable Air, for the Purposes of lighting of the said Parishes, and from Time to Time to permit and suffer such Pipes, Stop Cocks, Plugs or Branches, Works and Machinery, to be altered, varied, and repaired.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners to carry or convey, or cause to be carried or conveyed, to or into the Watercourse called The Bourne, or into any River, Pond, Ditch, Brook, or Canal, any Washings or Liquids, or any Lime, or other Ingredient, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, which shall arise or be produced in the manufacturing or producing the said Gas, or in or by the Prosecution of any of the Gas Works.

XXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any Person or Persons from proceeding, by Indictment or otherwise, against the said Commissioners, or against any of their Officers, Servants, or Workmen, as and for a Nuisance in respect of any Works of the said Commissioners, or the Means which shall be by them used in obtaining, making, or preparing the said Gas or Inflammable Air, or in using the same.

l’ GEORGII J\Ti Cap.yAi.; 211

XXX. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That the Work- Workmen, in irien employed m laying down, altering, or repairing any such Pipes, ^P68 Plugs, Cocks, or Branches, shall fill in the Trenches, and make good the Lights! to Pavements and Roads, and carry away the Rubbish occasioned thereby, make good and shall repair any Damage arising from any such Works as may be the Pomade, without the least Delay, and shall in the meantime guard the ment9‘

Place or Places where any Ground shall be opened, by placing and setting

up Lamps or Lights during the Night, and in such Manner as to prevent Accidents to Passengers, Cattle, and Carriages, and as the said Commissioners or any Seven or more of them shall from Time to Time direct, under the Penalty of any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be recovered and recoverable by such Ways and Means as are by this Act provided for Recovery of the Penalties which shall become payable by virtue hereof.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Gas shall be Forprevent-

found to escape from any of the Pipes which shall be laid down or set

up by the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act, the said Com* s p missioners shall, at their own Expence, immediately after receiving Notice *

either in Person to any One or more of them, or in Writing, of any such Escape of Gas, signed by the Clerk or Surveyor of the said Commissioners, or by any other Person or Persons residing within the Limits of. this Act, cause the most speedy 2nd effectual Measures to be taken td stop and prevent such Gas from escaping; and in case the said Commissioners shall not, within Thirty-six Hours next after sudh Notice in Writing being given of any such Escape of Gas, effectually stop and prevent the Gas from escaping, and wholly and satisfactorily remove the Cause of Complaint, that then and in every such Case the said Commissioners shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Penalty or Sum of Five Pounds, for each and every Day after the Expiration of Thirty-six Hours from the Time of giving any such Notice, during which the Gas shall be suffered to escape as aforesaid; which Penalty shall from Time to Time be recoverable in a summary Way, on the Oath of One or more*; credible Witness or Witnesses, by Information to be laid and exhibited before some One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Town and Port, or for the said County of Sussex, and shall and may be recovered with all reasonable Charges, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Commissioners, by the Warrant of any such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, to be granted in like Manner and subject to the like Provisions as are herein directed touching other Penalties by this Act imposed.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons No Dust, whomsoever shall leave, throw, cast, place, deposit or lay, or cause to be Dlrt> &c-left, thrown, cast, placed, deposited or laid, any Oyster Shells, Bones, [nuTthe0" broken Glass* China, or Earthernware, Dust, Dirt, Dung, Soapsuds, Streets. Ashes, Refuse of Vegetables, Filth, or any unwholesome or offensive Materials or Matter, whatsoever, or Sweepings of any Shop, Room, or Warehouse, in or into the Streets, Lanes, or Places already made or built *

or hereafter to be made or built within the Limits of this: Ad, or on the Sea Beach within such Limits (except as herein-after mentioned, and except Ashes, in the Time of Frost only, to prevent Accidents), every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; or if any Person or Persons shall throw, sweep,

puc

212

Exception a: to building Rubbish.

Houses or Buildings repairing, t< be fenced ii

Scavengers

Duty.

l° GEORGII IV. Cap. xn.

put or cast any such offensive Materials or Matter into any of the Sewers, Drains, Sinks, or Watercourses within the same, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such last-mentioned Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings: Provided always, that no Person shall be subject to any such Penalty or Penalties on Account of any Rubbish or Dirt necessarily occasioned by the building, rebuilding, pulling down, altering or repairing of his or her House or other Building, in case there be sufficient Space left in the Street, Lane, or Place where such Rubbish or Dirt shall be placed, for Carriages to pass and repass with Ease and Safety, and a sufficient Way kept clear for Foot Passengers to pass and repass at all Times, and so as a sufficient Light be placed and kept at the Place between the Hours of Sunset and Sunrise, and so as (if the Commissioners shall think proper and dirett), the same be enclosed, and such Enclosure to be removed, in such Manner, and within such Time, as they in their Discretion shall direct.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That every House, Wall, or Building hereafter to be erected or built, repaired, altered, or enlarged, within the Limits of this Act, by Means whereof any or either of the Public Ways shall be in any Manner obstructed or rendered dangerous or unsafe, shall be well and sufficiently fenced in and enclosed by and at the Expence of the Owner or Occupier thereof, before such House, Wall, or Building shall be begun to be erected and built, altered, repaired, enlarged or taken down, and shall so continue during such Time as the said Commissioners, or the Surveyor under this Act, shall judge necessary, or shall order and direct; and if the Owner of such House, Wall, or Building shall refuse or neglect so to fence in and enclose the same, or shall not so continue the same as aforesaid, then and in either of the said Cases, every such Owner shall for every Day such Offence shall be continued, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and moreover, in case of such Refusal or Neglect, it shall be lawful to and for the said Commissioners immediately afterwards, to cause such House, Wall, or Building to be well and sufficiently fenced in and inclosed, or continue the same so as aforesaid; and the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid shall, over and above the said Penalty, repay all the Charges and Expences thereof to the said Commissioners, upon Demand made by them or their Clerk, and, upon Refusal to pay and discharge the same, the said Charges and Expences may, together with the Costs, be recovered in such Manner as is herein directed for the Recovery of Penalties.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Scavengers, or Person or Persons employed, or who shall contract to clean the Streets, Lanes, and Places within the Limits of this Act, shall, on the Tuesday and Friday of every Week, between the Hours of Seven of the Clock in the Morning and Twelve of the Clock at Noon of those Days respectively, or upon such other Days and at such other Hours as the Commissioners shall or may from Time to Time appoint, sweep and collect together, and immediately, or as soon as possible afterwards, take and carry away and remove all Dirt, Dust, Filth, or Rubbish, in and from such Streets, Lanes, and Places respectively, and from any Premises within the same, if required so to do, and shall, by sound of Bell or otherwise, give Notice to the Housekeepers and Inhabitants of his or their Approach, for the Purpose of taking away the Dust, Dirt, Dung, Ashes, and other Filth, except the Soil of and from

213

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xii.

any Privy, from their respective Houses and Premises, all which Dust,

Dirt, Dung, Ashes and other Filth, except as aforesaid, as well as the Sweepings, the said Scavenger or other Person or Persons aforesaid, shall immediately, or as soon afterwards as can be, carry away, or cause to be carried away, to the Place or Places appointed, or which shall be appointed for depositing the same by the said Commissioners, upon pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every Neglect; and every Person acting as such Scavenger for the Time being, shall cause the Word ‘ Scavengers* to be painted in large Roman Letters on the Front or other conspicuous Part of the Carts or Carriages which he or they shall use for the Purposes aforesaid, on pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every Neglect therein; and if any such Scavenger, or other Person acting or employed as such as aforesaid, shall wilfully sweep, put, or throw Dust, Dirt, Ashes, or Filth, into the Sewers, Drains,

Sinks, or Watercourses within the Limits of this Act, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for each and every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Forprevent-other than the Person or Persons so employed by or contracting with the >ng People said Commissioners for cleansing the Streets, Lanes, and Places, within ^b^ft^col the Limits of this Act, or those employed under such Contractor or Con- ]ect Asi, eSi tractors, shall on any Pretence whatsoever go about to collect or gather, or shall ask for, receive, or carry away any Dust, Dirt, Cinders, or Ashes, from any House or other Premises within the Limits of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Town and Port, upon Complaint to him or them made, to grant a Warrant to bring before him or them such Offender or Offenders, or for any Person or Persons who shall see such Offence committed, to seize, and also for any other Person or Persons to assist in seizing the Offender or Offenders, together with the Horses, Asses, Mules, Cattle, Carts, Trucks, Wheelbarrows, and other Carriages or Implements made use of for carrying away the same, and by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey, him, her, or them before such Justice or Justices, and such Justice or Justices shall, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to examine upon Oath the Person or Persons apprehending such Offender or Offenders, or any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear to give Information touching such Offence; and if the Party or Parties shall be convicted of going about to collect or gather, or asking for, receiving, or carrying away, any Dust, Dirt, Cinders, or Ashes from any House or other Premises within the Limits aforesaid, not being the Person or Persons so employed by or contracting with the said Commissioners, or acting under his or their Authority, he, she, or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Shillings, One Moiety of every such Penalty shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, or to the Person or Persons who shall apprehend the Offender or Offenders, and the other Moiety to the Purposes of this Act; and if such Offender or Offenders shall not immediately on Conviction pay the said Penalty or Penalties, such Justice or Justices is and are hereby required to direct such Horses, Mules, Asses, Cattle, Carts, Trucks, Wheelbarrows, or other Carriages or Implements, which have been so seized, to be appraised and sold, and after deducting out of the Money to arise by such Sale, the Penalty or Penalties incurred, together with the reasonable Charges and [Local."] 3 H Expences

214

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xii.

Expences of such Distress and Sale, the Overplus whereof shall be returned (on Demand), to the Party or Parties whose Horses or other Things shall be appraised and sold; and in case there shall have been no such Seizure as aforesaid, or if the Horses, Mules, Asses, Cattle, or other Things which shall be so appraised and sold, shall not produce a sufficient Sum of Money to pay the said Penalty or Penalties, Charges and Expences, then, if such Offender or Offenders shall not immediately upon Conviction pay the said Penalty or Penalties, Charges and Expences, which shall remain over and above the Produce of the Horses, Mules, Asses, Cattle, and other Things so seized and sold, such Justice or Justices is and are hereby required to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol of the said Town and Port, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Twenty-eight Days, unless such Penalty or Penalties be sooner paid and satisfied.

Foot Pave-

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Per-ments to be sons inhabiting within the Limits of this Act, shall and they are hereby

required to cause the Footways or Pavements adjoining their respective Houses, Buildings, and Premises, to be well and sufficiently swept and cleansed, every Morning in the Year, between the Hours of Six and Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon of every Day (Sunday excepted), and shall also cause the Dirt and Soil therefrom, to be collected and put together (so as not to obstruct either the Carriage or Footways, or the Channels or Watercourses), in order that the same may be removed by the Public Scavenger, or other Person to be employed for that Purpose, upon pain of forfeiting and paying for every Neglect therein the Sum of Ten Shillings:Provided always, that the Footways or Foot Pavements adjoining unoccupied Premises within the said Town, shall be swept and cleansed by the Scavenger on the Days of sweeping the Streets for the Time being, with the like Forfeiture of Ten Shillings for every Neglect therein.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That upon Complaint being

other Nui- made by any Inhabitant to the said Commissioners or their Clerk, of any

Hogpound or Stye, or other public and common or private Nuisance existing within the Limits of this Act, to the Damage or Annoyance of any Inhabitant thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required to enquire into the same, and if upon view of the Premises, or otherwise, they shall be satisfied of the Truth of such Complaint, to order such Hogpound or Stye or other Nuisance forthwith to be abated and removed j and in case the same shall not be abated and removed within Three Days after such Order shall have been communicated or left at the last or usual Place of Abode of the Person or Persons who ought to remove the same, or the Occupier or Occupiers of the Premises complained of for the Time being, such Person or Persons, Occupier or Occupiers, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every Day that the said Hogpound or Stye or other Nuisance shall be suffered and permitted to remain unremoved after the Expiration of the said Three Days, and the said Commissioners so making or giving such Order as aforesaid, or any Seven of the Commissioners appointed under this Act as aforesaid, whether at a General or Special Meeting, or at any other Time or Place, shall and may and they are hereby authorized and required immediately to abate and remove the same after the Expiration of the said Three Days, and the Charges and Expences thereof shall and may be recovered of and against the Person or

12

Persons

215

1° GEORGII IV. Cap

Persons who ought to have removed the same, in Manner herein-after mentioned; but nothing in this Clause contained shall in any Manner interfere with, hinder, prevent, or bar any Indictment, Prosecution, or Action for such Nuisance.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized to cause any Privy, or any Drain running from any Privy, Water-closet or Cesspool, within the Limits of this Act, and communicating with any Common Sewer thereof, to be altered, stopped up, or removed, and to repay and defray the Expences attending the same; and if any Privy or any Drain running from any Privy, Water-closet or Cesspool, shall from and after the passing of this Act, be made to communicate with any Common Sewer or Watercourse, or the Soil thereof be suffered to run on the Beach, or in any other Part within the Limits of this Act, the Owner of the House and Premises to which such Privy, Water-closet or Cesspool shall belong, shall forfeit and pay for every Day the same shall continue, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall run, draw, drive or carry any Truck, Wheelsledge, Wheelbarrow, Bier, Handbarrow, or Carriage whatsoever, upon any of the Foot Pavements within the Limits of this Act, or shall roll any Cask in or upon the same, or any Part thereof (except for the loading or unloading the same, and that only on such Part of the said Pavement as it may be necessary and unavoidable to roll the same), or shall unpack any Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, or hang up or expose to Sale, Shew, or otherwise, any Butchers Meat, Clothes, Goods, Wares or other Commodities of any Description, or hang any Harness, Saddles, or other Horse Furniture, for the Purpose of cleansing, drying, or otherwise, outside of any House, Shop, Stable or other Building, which is near to or adjoining to any public Footway or Carriage Road, or shall shoot or cast any Coals, Wood, or other Things upon the Pavements, and shall suffer the same to remain longer than is necessary for the removal or housing the same, or shall beat, dust, or shake any Mat or Carpet, in any of the public Streets, Lanes, or Highways, or in any Manner obstruct the Passage of the Foot Pavements, other than as authorized by this Act, or shall, in any of the Common and Public Streets, Lanes, or Highways, of and within the Limits of this Act, roll any empty Cask, or burn, dress, or cleanse any Cask, or hoop, fire, cleanse, wash or scald, or empty any Cask, or any Part of what had been contained therein or thereon, hew, saw, or cut any Stone, Lead, Wood or Timber, or bore any Timber (except for the Purpose of rebuilding, altering, or repairing any House or Building, as herein-before mentioned, or for any of the Purposes by this Act required or authorized to be done), or shall therein wash or clean, make or repair any Carriage whatsoever (except in Cases of Accident only), or shall shoe, bleed, dress, cleanse, drive or turn, or leave loose any Horse, Ass, or Mule thereon, or cause, permit, or suffer the same to be done; or if any Person having the Care of any Waggon, Cart, Sledge, or other Carriage, shall, within the Limits of this Act, ride on the Shafts, or in or upon any Part of such Carriage, without Reins, or on any of the Horses or Cattle drawing the same, or if any Person driving the same (not being a Cart or Carriage driven with Reins by a Person therein or thereon), shall suffer any Horse, Mule, Ass, or Cattle drawing

Commissioners may alter or remove any Privy, he. having Com* m unication with Common Sewer.

Certain Acts not to be committed in the Streets.

21G

1° GEORGII IV.

the same, to go any Pace other or faster than a walking Pace; or if any Person shall drive any Cattle, or ride or drive any Horse, Mule, Ass, or other Beast or Animal, or any Carriage whatsoever, within the Limits aforesaid, in a violent, furious, dangerous, or improper Manner, or shall in any of the said Common and Public Streets, Ways, Lanes or Places, of and within the Limits of this Act, shew or expose to Sale or otherwise, any Stallion, or expose to Sale any Horse, Mule, Ass, Cattle or other Beast, or ride, drive or lead the same by way of Exercise, or for the Purpose of breaking in the same, or permit or suffer any Horse, Ass, or Mule to stand or be exposed for Hire in any Place within the Limits of this Act not authorized by the said Commissioners; or if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall play at the game of Cricket, Trapball, Football, Fives, driving Hoops, Toss, Pitch and Hustel, or any other Game, or shall make any Bonfire, let off or fire any Crackers, Squibs, or other Fireworks, or fire or let off any Gun, Pistol, or combustible Materials whatsoever, or shall suffer any Mastiff or Bull Dog to go unmuzzled in any of the Streets, Lanes, or Places; or if any idle or disorderly Persons shall collect themselves together, and obstruct, impede, or incommode any Person or Persons in passing on any of the Footpaths in the said Streets, Lanes, or Places, he, she, or they shall in any of such Cases forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, as to the Justice or Justices by and before whom such Offence shall be heard and determined shall seem just and reasonable; or if any Butcher or other Person or Persons whomsoever shall kill any Animal, or singe, scald, dress or cut up any Carcase, either wholly or in part, in any of such Streets, Lanes, or Places, or cause or permit any Blood to run from or out of any Slaughterhouse, Shop, or Shambles, or any Blood or Soapsuds, or any other unwholesome, noxious, or offensive Matter, to flow, run, or be cast or thrown from or out of any House or other Place, into any of the Streets, Lanes, Ways or Places aforesaid (except for the Purpose of communicating with the Common Drains or Sewers), or shall hang out or expose, or cause to be hung out or exposed, any Linen, Clothes, or other Articles or Things whatsoever, to dry or air in any Part of the said Public Streets, Lanes, or Places (except only on the Sea Beach between the East Well and the Eastern End of the Battery), or burn, or suffer to be burnt, in any Garden or other Ground close to and adjoining the said Town, being within the Limits of this Act, any Weeds, Leaves, or other Rubbish, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any Person or Persons from spreading and laying down of any Clothes or other Articles or Things on the Beach and Sea Shore to the Westward of the Battery, for the Purpose of airing and drying the same.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Cellar or Cellar Window, or Trapdoor, projecting into the Street or on the Foot Pavement, or adjoining thereto, shall be left open after Sunset, without being sufficiently lighted, in order to prevent Accidents happening therefrom, the Occupier or Occupiers of such House or Cellar shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Penalty on leavingCellar Windows open.

beasts wan-

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Horse, Ass, Mule, Swine, Street"tVbe or ot^er ^east or battle whatsoever, shall at any Time hereafter be impounded. found

217

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. itii.

found loose or wandering about in any of the Streets, Lanes, or Places aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any Person to seize, take, and impound the same, in any Pound or Place appointed by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, and the same there to detain, until the Owner or Owners thereof shall for each Beast pay or cause to be paid any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings to the Treasurer for the Time being to the said Commissioners, for and towards the Purposes of this Act, and also the Sum of Five Shillings to the Person impounding the same, over and besides the reasonable Charges and Expences of impounding the same.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Waggon, Cart, Sledge or Carts, Car-Dray, or any other such Carriage, or any Horse, Ass, or Mule, with or riages, &c. without a Basket or Baskets, or Pannier or other Loading, shall at any j^t^et*. Time be left or suffered to be or remain, stay, stand or continue, in any of the Streets, Lanes, or public Places within the Limits of this Act, for any longer Time than shall be necessary for the loading or unloading thereof, or shall be set, placed, or left, or stand or be upon any Part of the Foot Pavement or Crossings of any such Street, Lane, or Place, or shall stand, be set, or placed athwart or across any Part of any such Street, Lane, or Place (although for the Purpose of loading or unloading the same), so that there shall not be sufficient Room left for another Carriage to pass, or if any Common Stage Waggon or Cart shall be left to stand or continue in any of the said Streets, Lanes, or Places longer than shall be necessary for the Purpose of loading or unloading thereof, or if any Stage Coach, or any Post Chaise or other Carriage let to hire, shall be suffered to stand in any of such Streets, Lanes, or Places, for a longer Time than shall be necessary for taking up and setting down Passengers or Travellers, or for loading and delivery of Luggage or Parcels, or if any Timber, Stone, or other such like Article or Material whatsoever, be drawn in any of such Streets,

Lanes, or Places, without the same being placed upon a Sledge or Carriage proper for that Purpose, or if any Timber or Wood of the Length of Twenty Feet or more shall be carried upon any Carriage in or through the same, without being attended by One or more Person or Persons (besides the Carter), in order to prevent such Timber or Load from doing any Injury either personally or otherwise to any Person or Persons whomsoever, or if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, Materials or Things, of what Nature or Kind soever, shall be or remain in such Street, Lane, or Place, for a greater Space of Time than shall be necessary for the housing or removing thereof (except in such Cases as are herein provided for), then and in every such Case the Owner or Driver of every such Carriage as aforesaid, and the Owner of such Horse, Ass, or Mule, and the Owner of such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Materials, or Things as aforesaid, or the Person or Persons causing such Annoyance, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and any Inhabitant of the said Town, or any other Person or Persons, shall and may, either in the Day or Night, seize or cause to be seized any such Cart, Waggon, Dray, Sledge, Coach, Chaise or other Carriage, so suffered to be and remain, stay, stand or continue as aforesaid, together with the Horse or Horses or Cattle, in or drawing the same, or the Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Material, or other Things aforesaid, and remove the same, or cause the same to be removed, to such Common Pound or Place to be appointed as aforesaid, there to be kept and detained until the Owner or Owners thereof shall claim the same, and pay to the Person or Persons in [Local.'] 3 I whose

218

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. xii.

whose Custody the same shall then be the Sum so forfeited, together with the Charges of removing and keeping the same; and in case the said Sums, Charges, and Expences, shall not be paid within Three Days next after such impounding as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Pound-keeper, or such other Person as shall or may be appointed -by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, on giving Thirty-six Hours previous public Notice of the intended Sale by the public Cryer of the said Town, to sell or cause the same to be sold, and the Money arising from such Sale, after deducting the said Sums and Expences, and also the Expences of such Notice and Sale, shall be paid to the Treasurer, to be by him paid to the Person to whom the Beast or Property so sold shall appear to have belonged.

bathiif^but

XLIII. And whereas the Practice of undressing on the Sea Beach, and from* Ma-U bathing in the Sea within the said Parishes, is a great Annoyance to the chines. Inhabitants and Visitors thereof; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons shall undress on the Sea Beach, or shall bathe in the Sea (except from a Bathing Machine) at any Place on the Sea Coast between the Point called Rockanore and the Mouth of the Priory Water, situate within the Limits of this Act, every such Person shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

Water to be

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of

fron^the Top Act, the Water from the Roof or from any other Part of the Houses of the V and other Buildings now erected and built, erecting or building, or which

Houses. shall or may at any Time hereafter be erected or built within the Limits of this Act, which would otherwise come or drop on any Foot Pavement or Carriage Way within the said Town, shall be conveyed from the Tops or Sides of such Houses or other Buildings, in such Manner and by such Means as the said Commissioners shall, by Notice in Writing to the Owners or Occupiers of such Houses or Buildings direct; and that all such Parts of any such House or Building, which do or shall project into or upon any of the said Streets, Lanes, or Places, or the Foot or Carriage Ways thereof, of what Nature or Kind soever, and which in the Judgment of the said Commissioners shall in any Manner obstruct the said Ways, and all Signs, Signposts, Show or other Boards, Materials or Things, standing or being in or upon the same, and all Doors opening outwards into the same, and all Spouts or Waterpipes hanging or projecting over the said Ways, shall, within Seven Days next after Notice for that Purpose left at or upon the Premises by the Clerk to the said Commissioners for the Time being, be taken down, filled up, removed, or altered, by and at the Expence of the Owner thereof, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time order or direct; and in case the Owner thereof shall refuse or neglect to obey the Orders and Directions of the said Commissioners in that behalf, or wilfully act contrary thereto, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, forthwith to take down, fill up, remove, or alter the same, as to them shall seem proper, and the Charges and Expences attending the same shall and may be recovered by the said Commissioners from the Owner thereof, in the same Manner as any Penalty or Forfeiture inflicted by this Act, under the Sum of Ten Pounds, are directed to be recovered j Tenants pay- and it shall be lawful for the Tenant or Occupier of the Premises to pay ing the Ex- ajj such Penalties, Costs, and Expences, as shall be incurred by the pences of i4 Owner

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. xii. 219

Owner or Owners thereof, and to retain or deduct the same out of the Alterations

Rent which shall or may be due from such Tenant or Occupier to such

Owner or Landlord; provided always, that nothing herein contained shall of their Rent.

extend, or be construed to extend, to any Bow Windows, Balconies, or

Verandas, such Verandas being open at the Sides and not projecting

beyond the Balconies or Verandas of the adjoining Houses, and so as such

Bow Windows, Balconies or Verandas do not project beyond the Areas

of the respective Houses to which they may respectively belong.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That no Surveyor, Master Carpenter,

Mason, or any Workman in rebuilding, new fronting, repairing or altering of any House or Building situate in or near to any Street, Lane, Way, or public Passage within the Limits of this Act, shall, under any Pretence whatsoever, bring the Foundation, or any Part of the Front thereof, forward beyond the Line of the Street, Lane, Way, or public Passage, or old Foundation, upon pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds; and the Owner of such House or Building shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings for every Week such Obstruction or Encroachment shall continue or remain, by reason of the Foundation or any Part of the Front of such House or Building being brought forward as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, by Writing under their Hands, to order and cause the same to be taken down, the Costs and Charges whereof shall be paid and reimbursed to the said Commissioners by the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of such Houses or Buildings, or other the Person or Persons ordering or directing the Erection of the same, and shall be recovered in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as Penalties and Forfeitures are herein directed to be levied and recovered.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That no Door or Gate in or belong- Penalty on

ing to any House or Building to be erected within the Limits of this Act, ^Owne

shall be made to open outwards on or towards the Streets, Lanes, or public forEncToach-

Passages, upon pain of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors ments be-

thereof, forfeiting for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding y°"d the

Five Pounds, and any further Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings r l r\ it l n, h of old Build-

for every Day such Offence shall continue; and m case any Door; ngg> &ct

or Gate that has heretofore been fixed or hung so as to open upon or across any Foot Road or Pavement, or public Carriage Road, within the Limits of this Act, and the same shall be proved before the said Commissioners to obstruct or annoy Persons on the said Foot Road, Pavements, or Carriage Way, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to order the Doors and Gates before mentioned, to be taken down, altered or regulated, so as to prevent such Annoyance, at the Expence of the Owner thereof, or at the Expence of the said Commissioners, as to them the said Commissioners shall appear to be just and right.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That where any opening is now or shall be made in the paving or flagging of any of the Streets, Lanes, or public Places, for the Purpose of conveying Coals or other Things into any Vault or Cellar under the same, for the Purpose of admitting Light into any Room or Cellar, the Covering or Grating to such Opening shall be made at the Expence of the Person or Persons requiring the same, of Iron or such other Materials, of such Dimensions, and in such Manner and

Commissioners are

where Gratings over Openings in the Pave-

be made.

Foundation of Houses

brought beyond the Line of the Streets.

220

Power to appointWatch -men, Beadles, &c.

Penalty on Watchmen, &c. misbehaving.

Penalty on Persons harbouring Watchmen in the Night.

Directions for emptying Privies.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xii.

and Form, as the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings shall dire c and approve of; and shall from Time to Time be repaired, varied, and altered, at the like Expence of the Party, in such Manner and Form as the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings shall direct or appoint; and in case any Person or Persons shall cause any such Grating or Covering to be made, repaired, varied, or altered, or shall neglect or refuse to make, repair, vary or alter such Grating or Covering, contrary to such Direction or Appointment as aforesaid, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, for every Week the said Offence shall be continued.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may, if at any Time they think fit, nominate and appoint such and so many Watchmen, Beadles, Patroles, and Persons, as they shall judge necessary, to be kept or employed in or about the patroling, guarding, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other public Places within the Limits of this Act, and direct and appoint how and where they shall be stationed, and in what Manner they shall be armed; and from Time to Time to remove and displace, and to appoint others in their Stead, and shall and may erect or provide for them convenient and proper Places, Boxes, or Watch-houses, and from Time to Time make such Orders, Rules, and Regulations, as the Nature of those Services shall appear to require; and it shall be lawful for such Watchmen and other Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, and they are hereby authorized, commanded, and required, vigilantly to keep Watch and Ward within the Limits of this Act, and to arrest, apprehend, and detain, in some convenient Place of Security, to be provided by the said Commissioners, all Felons, Malefactors, Disturbers of the public Peace, disorderly Persons, Rogues, Vagrants, Beggars, and all such other Persons as shall be found misbehaving themselves, or who live idle and without Employment, and take them, within Twelve Hours, or as soon as conveniently may be, before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the said Town and Port, to be examined and dealt with according to Law.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Watchman or other Person, shall not, according to the best of their Judgment, observe, perform, and keep the Orders, Rules, or Regulations, which shall be made by the Commissioners, or shall in any Manner neglect his Duty, or misbehave himself in the Execution of the said Office, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and if the said Commissioners or any Seven or more of them shall think proper, shall also be immediately discharged from his Office or Employment under this Act; and if any Victualler, Publican, or other Person selling Spirituous or other Liquors, shall knowingly entertain or harbour any such Watchman or other Person, during the Time he ought to be on Duty, then every such Victualler or Publican, or other Person selling such Liquor, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

L. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time and as often as shall be necessary, to fix and appoint such Time and Times for the

221

1° GEORGII IV. Cr/jo.xii.

the emptying of any Privy, or the taking away of any Night Soil, Offal, Muck, Entrails of Fish, or other noisome or offensive Materials, except Horse and Cow Dung, from any House, Building, or Place within the Limits of this Act, as they in their Discretion shall think fit; and if any Person or Persons'whomsoever shall begin or attempt to empty or take away any such noisome or offensive Materials, from any House, Building, or Place within the Limits aforesaid, at any other Time than such as shall be fixed and appointed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, or shall throw or cast the same, or any Part thereof, in or near any of the Streets, Lanes, or other Places, or shall pour or put any Night Soil or noisome or offensive Materials into the Sewers, Channels or Drains, or leave or cause the same to be left, above Six Yards from that Part of the Sea Shore between high and low Water Mark called the Stones Foot, so that the same shall become offensive to any of the Inhabitants of the said Town, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Shillings, over and above the Expence that shall or may be incurred by the said Commissioners in removing the same.

LI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby required to cause to be fixed or painted on some conspicuous Part of the House, Wall, or Building, at the Ends or Corners of the several Streets, Lanes, and Places already built, or which shall be built within the Limits of this Act, the Name by which every such Street, Lane or Place is or shall be called, and also shall and may cause every House, Shop, Warehouse, Building or Habitation within the Limits aforesaid, to be numbered in such Manner as they shall think proper for distinguishing the same; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully destroy, pull down, injure, obliterate or deface any such Name or Number, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and if any of such Number or Numbers shall be defaced or obliterated, the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of the Premises whence such Numbers shall be so defaced or obliterated, shall, within Seven Days next after Notice for that Purpose given by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, cause such Number or Numbers to be restored, or in default thereof shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings.

LII. And be it further enacted, That if any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, shall be adjudged by the said Commissioners to project into or obstruct the Passage of the said Streets, Ways, Lanes, Passages and Places, or that by taking down the same, or any Part thereof, the Passage of the same may be widened, bettered, or improved, or if it shall be deemed necessary to widen, enlarge, or improve any of the Roads or Footpaths within the Limits of this Act, the said Commissioners may and are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time to treat, contract, and agree with the Owner or Owners, Proprietors and Persons interested in such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, who shall be willing to sell the same, or so much of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as shall be so adjudged, to project into or obstruct the Passage of the samer or that shall be necessary for the widening, better -ing, or improving of the Streets, Ways, Lanes, Passages, and Places, [Local.*] 3 K Roads,

Penalty ou Persons throwing Night Soil in the Streets.

Commissioners may

Houses and name Streets.

Powers to purchase with Consent of Owner, for the Purpose of widening and improving the Streets.

222

1" GEORGII IV. Cap xii.

Commissioners e powered

Roads, and Footpaths, for the absolute Purchase of the said several Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Part or Parts thereof, for the Purposes aforesaid; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to pay for the same suchSum and Sums of Money as shall be agreed upon by the said Commissioners and the Owner or Owners or other Persons interested therein, out of the Money to arise by virtue of this Act, and to take down such Houses or Buildings and lay the Scitea thereof, or so much thereof as they the said Commissioners shall think proper, into the said Streets, Ways, Lanes, Passages and Places, Roads and Footpaths; and in case the said Commissioners shall have purchased or be seized of any Piece or Parcel of Ground, Messuage, or Tenement, over and above what shall be necessary for effecting the Purposes of this not wanted Ad, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to sell and dis-for the Purpose of such Pieces or Parcels of Ground, Messuages, or Tenements, poses* of this either together or in Parcels, as they shall find most convenient and ad-Act‘ vantageous, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to become the

Purchaser or Purchasers of the same; and the Money to arise by the Sale or Sales which may be made by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act, but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for any Misapplication or Nonapplication of such Money.

Bodies Po-

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the better to enable the said Comte)'Com' SCl1 m^ss*oners to ma^e Purchases of Houses, Buildings, Lands, and Premises, sioners."118" &r several Purposes herein-before mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and allTenants for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees for Lunatics and Idiots, and other Trustees whatsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, or Femes Coverts, and all and every Person and Person whomsoever who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any such Houses, Outhouses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Walls, or other Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, which the said Commissioners shall require, and are by this Act enabled to purchase for all or any of the Purposes aforesaid, to treat, contract, and agree with the said Commissioners for the absolute Sale thereof, or any Part thereof, and to sell and convey all or any Part thereof, and all Estate, Right, Title, and Interest whatsoever of and in the same, to the said Commissioners, or to such Persons and their Heirs for ever, as the said Commissioners shall direct, in Trust for them the said Commissioners, for the Purposes of this Act; and that all Contracts, Agreements, Bargains, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be so made by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, shall, without any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, or other Conveyances or Assurances in the Law whatsoever, be good, valid, and effectual to and for such Ends, Intents, and Purposes, not only to convey the Estate and Interest of the Person and Persons conveying, but also to convey all Right, Estate, Interest, Use, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever of their said several and respective Cestuique Trust, and all claiming by, from, and under them, and all Persons entitled in Remainder or Reversion expectant in any particular Estates, any Law, Statute, Usage, or any 13 other

223

1" GEORGII IV. Cajo.xii.

other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and the same shall be deemed and considered to bar all Dower of the Wife or Wives of such Party or Parties, and all Estates Tail and other Estates in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, and the Issue or Issues of the same Party or Parties claiming under them, or any of them respectively, any Law, Statute, or Usage, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations,

Aggregate or Sole, and all Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail, General or Special, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands,

Guardians, Committees, Trustees, and all other Persons are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall so do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act: Provided always, that in all Cases where such Premises, or any Part thereof, shall be Copyhold, then the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manor or Manors of which the same shall be held, are hereby authorized, at the Expence, Costs, and Charges of the said Commissioners, to free and enfranchise the same and every Part thereof, whether such Lord or Lords of such Manor shall be seised thereof in Fee Simple or in Fee Tail, or in Trust, or otherwise howsoever, and the said Commissioners are hereby required to pay to such Lord or Lady a fair and valuable Consideration for every such Enfranchisement from and out of the Money to arise by virtue of this Act.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be con- Application tracted or agreed to be paid, for the Purchase of any Messuages, Build- of Purchase ings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of Money when the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to to ^OOl!*8’ any Body Corporate, Collegiate, or Ecclesiastical, Tenant for Life or in Tail, Trustee, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Idiot, or any other Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, ex parte the Commissioners for executing this Act; to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Party or Parties who would have been entitled to Rents and Profits of the said Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same Messuages, Buildings,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, standing and being settled to the same or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under and with the like Direction and Approbation of the same Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, stood and were settled and limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and

Settlement

224

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xii.

Settlement shall be existing undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court, upon Application made thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three' Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold, for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends of the said Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Party or Parties who would from the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

n UHdCr ^V. Prov^ec* always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so amounting contracted or agreed to be paid for any Messuages, Buildings, Lands, to 201. & Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased for the Purpose of this Act, which shall belong to any Body Corporate, Collegiate, or Ecclesiastical, Tenant for Life or in Tail, Trustee, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Idiot, or any other Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall, at the Option of the Party or Parties who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so purchased for the Purpose of this Act, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in Cases of Infancy, Lunacy, or Idiotcy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in the Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be named by the Party or Parties making such Option, and approved by Seven or more of the Commissioners for executing this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified by Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such principal Money and the Produce thereof, may be applied in the Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case shall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said High Court of Chancery.

Where under

LVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money 201. so contracted or agreed to be paid as aforesaid, shall not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Party or Parties who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased for the Purpose of this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners for executing this Act, or any Seven or more of them shall think fit; or in Cases of Infancy, Lunacy, or Idiotcy, then to the Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Commitees of the Infants, Lunatics, or Idiots entitled to such Rents and Profits, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Infants, Lunatics, or Idiots respectively.

1" GEORGII IV. Cap.*.ii. 225

LVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise Where any touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank sj^"ea> of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General to the xitle of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of to Money, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or In- &c-terest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends and Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly; unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disa- Court of bility or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Au- Expence*^ thority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to &c. be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases to be from Time to Time made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Commissioners out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

LIX. And whereas in order that the Water in the Stream or Rivulet, To *top up* called the Bourne, which runs through the said Town of Hasting, and all Gutters or other Streams of Water flowing into or communicating with the same pra, .ns flow-within the Limits of this Act, may be pure and wholesome; be it further '^o^rac. 1 enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who now hath or have within the Limits of this Act, above or to the Northward of the Brick or Stone Bridge, any Gutter, Pipe, Ditch, or Drain, communicating with the Bourne, from or through any Cesspool, Privy, Hogstye, or Pound,

Stable, Fellmonger’s Yard, Deeze, or other Building, Wash-house, Scullery, Dung-heap, Brew-house, or other Places (except a Top or Surface Drain from such Cesspool, for the Purpose of carrying off any occasional Surplus or sudden Flow of Water), through which Gutter, Pipe, or Drain, any noisome or offensive Water, Soap Suds, Matter, or Thing, shall flow or run into the said Stream of Water called the Bourne, shall, at the Expence of the said Commissioners, within the Space of Eight Days after Notice shall be given to him, her, or them, or left at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode, signed by Seven Commissioners, sink [Local.~\ 3 L a proper

226

1 GEORCrfI IV. Cap. XlL

a proper Cesspool or Cesspools, under the Direction of the said Commissioners, to be approved by their Surveyor or Surveyors, to receive the Contents passing through every such Gutter, Pipe, or Drain, leaving onlr such Top or Surface Drain as before mentioned, or in Default thereof, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, and any further Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, for every Day such Offence shall continue; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and their Surveyor or Surveyors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to enter the Gardens, Yards, and Premises of any such Person and Persons, after the Expiration of such Notice as aforesaid, and at the Expence of the said Commissioners to cause such Cesspool or Cesspools to be made to receive the Contents of the said Gutters, Pipes, or Drains; and that no Person shall hereafter have, form, or lay any new Gutter, Pipe, or Drain that shall communicate with the Bourne, otherwise than occasionally by a Surface or Top Drain to convey any sudden or Surplus Water from such Cesspool or Cesspools as before mentioned, under the like Penalties as last before expressed, and that if the same be continued after such Eight Days Notice it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and their Surveyor or Surveyors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to enter the Gardens, Yards, and Premises of any such Person or Persons, and to cause such Cesspool or Cesspools to be made as before mentioned, and the Costs and Charges thereof shall be paid or reimbursed to the said Commissioners, or their Order, by the Owner or Owners of such last mentioned Gutters, Pipes, or Drains; and in default of Payment upon Demand, may be recovered in like Manner as Penalties are by this Act authorized to be recovered.

For keeping

LX. And be it further enacted, That no Hogstye or Hog Pound shall the^Vaters stand or be placed within Thirty Feet of the said Watercourse called the pure6 °Urne B°urne> under the Penalty of any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be paid by the Person to whom the same shall belong, and a further Penalty of Ten Shillings, for every Day the same shall continue unremoved after Three Days Notice being given on the Part of the said Commissioners for the Removal thereof.

Penalty on

LXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons washing shall wash any Dog or other Animal, or any Fish, Clothes, Linen, Wool, Dogs, &c. in Leather, or the Skin of any Sheep, Lamb, or other Animal, or any ♦he Bourne, noisome or offensive Article or Thing whatsoever, in the Watercourse called the Bourne, or shall throw, cast, or put into the Bourne any Fish, Fish Offal, Bones, Weeds, Rubbish, Stones, Tiles, Cinders, Ashes, or other Matter or Thing, or shall suffer to run from his, her, or their Premises, into the Bourne, to the Northward of the Brick or Stone Bridge aforesaid, any Soil, Filth, Soap Suds, dirty Water, or any noisome or offensive Matter whatsoever; or put down any Stumps, Boards, or Stones, or any other Matter or Thing, so as to obstruct the free Course of the Water therein j every Person so offending shall for each Offence forfeit and pay any Sura not exceeding Five Pounds: Provided always, that no Person shall be subject to the said Penalty for the Overflowing of any Cesspool, Privy, Hogstye, or Dung-heap, in Case the same shall happen from sudden or violent Rain or Frost, or other unforeseen Cause or Accident.

6

LXII. And,

P GEORGII IV. Cap. xii. 227

LXII. And, in order to protect and further improve the Watercourse called the Bourne, be it also enacted, That no Person or Persons whomsoever, without the Consent in Writing of the said Commissioners first had and obtained, shall alter or divert the Course of the said Water called the Bourne, or any Part thereof within the Limits of this Act, under a Penalty of any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, and a further Penalty not exceeding Twenty Shillings per Day for every Day the same shall remain so altered or diverted; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by their Surveyor or any other Person or Persons acting under their Authority, to throw down, take away, or remove any Stumps, Boards, Stones, or any other Materials, Matter, or Thing, now standing or being, or that may hereafter be erected, put or placed in any Part of the said Stream or Watercourse within the Limits of this Act, which does or shall in any way obstruct or impede the free Course of the Water therein, and by such Ways and Means as the said Commissioners shall think most effectual stop up and prevent any Diversion of the Course of the Water from the said Stream; and that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, their Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons authorized by the said Commissioners, to enter upon any Yard,

Land, or Ground adjoining to the said Stream, for any of the Purposes aforesaid; and that the said Rivulet or Stream of Water called the Bourne, between the Place where the Two Streams meet, at the Bottom of a Field now in the Occupation of Edward Ward Esquire, and the Creek Bridge, or such Part or Parts thereof as the said Commissioners shall think proper, shall be contracted and paved, if found requisite, and otherwise improved, and in all respects regulated in such Manner as they shall direct; and that from the Creek Bridge before mentioned, to the Guts Mouth, all within the Limits of this Act, the Stream shall be made to run in a confined Course, by means of a Barrel Drain or otherwise, as the said Commissioners shall think proper, so nevertheless that the same for the last-mentioned Distance be completely covered in.

LXIII. And whereas in order to raise a sufficient Sum of Money for Duty on effecting the Purposes of this Act, it is expedient that a Duty be charged Coal-on Goals, Culm, and Coke imported, landed, or brought into the said Town; be it therefore enacted, That from and immediately after the Second Monday next after the passing of this Act, there shall be paid to the said Commissioners, or to their Collector, or to such other Person or Persons as they shall from Time to Time appoint to collect and receive the same, any Rate or Duty which the said Commissioners shall think fit to order and direct, not exceeding the Sum of Three Shillings for every Chaldron or Ton of Thirty Hundred Weight of Sea Coal, Culm, or other Coal and Coke which shall or may be imported and landed at the said Town, or otherwise brought or delivered within the Limits of this Act, and so in Proportion for any less Quantity than a Chaldron; such Rate or Duty to be paid in Addition to all other Duties and Impositions payable in respect thereof by any Law or Statute now in force.

LXIV. And to the Intent that the said Rate or Duty on Coals, Culm, No Ship to or Coke, may be duly paid, be it further enacted, That no Collector, !ave t.he Customer, Collector of His Majesty's Customs, Comptroller, Receiver of

Entries, or Ships Surveyor or Searcher, or other Officer of the Customs duces aPcS-

what-

Iraprove-ments to be made in the Watercourse called the Bourne.

228

titicate that the Duty ia paid.

Coals may be distrained for Payment of the Duty.

Penalty for not paying the Duty on Coals

brought by Land, and the same may be distrained.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xii.

whatsoever, belonging to the said Port of Hasting, shall at any Time after the Commencement of this Act, give or make out any Discharge, or make any Report outwards for any Ship or Vessel to sail from, leave, or go out of the Limits of the Jurisdiction of this Act, until the Master or Owner, or other Person or Persons having the Rule, Government, or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, shall produce a Certificate from the Collector or other Person or Persons to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, that the last-mentioned Rate or Duty granted by this Act as aforesaid hath been paid or secured to be paid; which said Certificate the said Collector or other Person is and are hereby required to give, without Fee or Reward, to the Person requiring the same; and that any Collector, Customer, Collector of His Majesty's Customs, Comptroller, Surveyor, or other Officer of the Customs, making default in any of the Premises enjoined by this Act, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after mentioned.

LXV. And that the said Rate or Duty may be more effectually collected and levied, be it further enacted, That in case any Owner or Master, or other Person having the Rule, Government, or Command of any Ship or Vessel, laden or having on board Coal, Culm, or Coke, charged and chargeable with the aforesaid Rate or Duty, shall refuse to pay the same, then and in such Case it shall and may lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint from Time to Time, to go on board such Ship or Vessel, to demand, collect, and receive the said Rate or Duty, and on Nonpayment thereof, to take and distrain every such Ship or Vessel, with all her Tackle, Apparel and Furniture, or any Part thereof, or all or any Part of the said Coals, Culm, and Coke, chargeable with the said Rate or Duty, either on board such Ship or Vessel or on Land, and the same to detain until he or they shall be fully paid the said Rate or Duty; and in case of any Neglect or Delay in Payment of the said Rate or Duty for the Space of Three Days after any Distress or Distresses so taken as aforesaid, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and such Person or Persons as they shall appoint as aforesaid, to cause the same to be appraised, and afterwards to sell the said Distress and Distresses, and thereby to satisfy him or themselves, as well for and concerning the said Rate or Duty so neglected or delayed to be paid, and for which such Distress or Distresses shall be taken as aforesaid, as also for his or their reasonable Charges in taking, keeping, appraising, and selling such Distress, rendering to the Master or other Person having the Rule, Government, and Command of the Ship or Vessel, in, to, or from which such Distress shall be so taken or belong, the Overplus, if any there shall be, on Demand.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Sea Coal, Culm, or Coke, be brought into and delivered within the Limits of this Act by Land,

1 and the aforesaid Rate or Duty be not paid or tendered thereon, at the House or Office of the Collector or Person appointed to receive the same, within Twenty-four Hours after the same shall have been brought irjjp and delivered as aforesaid, the Owner or Owners of such Coal, Culm, or Coke, shall, in addition to the said Rate or Duty, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for each and every Chaldron of the said Coal,

Culm

229

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xii.

Culm or Coke, for which the said Rate or Duty shall not have been so paid; and the said Commissioners, or the said Collector or other Person or Persons, are and is hereby authorized and empowered to seize and detain the said Coals, Culm, or Coke, or any Part thereof, wheresoever the same may be found within the Limits of this Act, on Nonpayment of the Rate or Duty and the said Penalty, within the Space of Three Days after such Seizure, to sell the said Coal, Culm, or Coke, or any Part thereof, by public Auction, and by and out of the Produce thereof to detain the said Rate or Duty and Penalties, and also the Charges and Expences of making and selling such Distress, and rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Owner or Owners of the said Coals, Culm, or Coke, on Demand j provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to charge with the said Rate or Duty, any Coals, Culm or Coke which shall not be discharged from any Ship or Vessel, upon any Part of the Beach within the Limits of this Act, or housed, deposited, or delivered within the same Limits, but only passing through the same for or towards any Place whatsoever.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Second Monday next after the passing of this Act, until some other Person or Persons is or are appointed by the said Commissioners to collect and receive the aforesaid Rate or Duty on Coals, Culm and Coke, and when and as often as no other Person or Persons is or are appointed by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, the Principal Coast Officer of His Majesty's Customs for the Time being, residing within the said Town and Port, shall be the Collector of the said Rate or Duty, he first having the Approbation and Authority of the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, and being allowed by the said Commissioners a reasonable Salary for his Service on that behalf; and such Officer shall well and truly, when and as often as required thereto by the said Commissioners, account for the said Rate and Duty to the said Commissioners, at any Meeting to be held under this Act, and shall, as far as regards such Collection, be considered as an Officer of the said Commissioners, subject and liable to all the Rules, Regulations, and Penalties herein provided with respect to such Officer, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if he had been appointed such Collector by the said Commissioners, by Writing or otherwise, under this Act.

LXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in every Case where any Coals, Culm or Coke shall have been landed or unloaded within the Limits of this Act, and for which the Rate or Duty hereby imposed shall have been paid, and which shall have been so landed or unloaded for the Purpose of being forwarded to any other Place or Places, and not to be consumed within the said Limits, then and in every such Case, the Collector or Treasurer to be appointed by virtue of this Act is hereby directed and required to return and pay, on Demand, to the Owner or Owners, or other Person or Persons on his, her, or their Behalf, a Drawback of the whole Rate or Duty paid for every Chaldron of Coals, Culm or Coke, so landed or unloaded, and which shall have been forwarded to any other Place for Sale or Consumption.

3 M

Not to extend to Coals passing through the Limits of the Town to other Places.

Principal Coast Officer of the Customs residing in the Town, to be Collector of the Coal Duty, until another Person be appointed.

Drawback of Duty on Coals consumed out of the Town.

[Ltca!.]

230

Treasurer compelled to return the Drawback.

Coals not to be brought into the Town, after Allowance of Drawback.

Commission-

a Rate for paving, &c. not exceeding Two Shillings in the Pound.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xii.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That if the said Collector or Treasurer shall refuse or neglect to return and pay, on Demand, to any Person or Persons entitled to the same, the Drawback hereby directed to be allowed, or if any Person or Persons shall fraudulently obtain or endeavour to obtain the Allowance of the said Drawback, not being legally entitled to the same, every such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Shillings.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, after Allowance or Drawback made or paid by virtue of this Act for the Coals, Culm, or Coke, put on board or loaded as aforesaid, bring back, reland, unload or deliver the said Coals, Culm or Coke, or any of them, in or to the said Town and Port, then and in every such Case every Person so offending shall repay to the said Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, the Duties of all such Coals, Culm, or Coke as shall be brought back, relanded, unloaded, or delivered as aforesaid, and also forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Shillings for every Chaldron of Coals, Culm or Coke that shall be brought back, relanded, unloaded, or delivered in the said Town as aforesaid, and so proportionably for a greater or less Quantity than a Chaldron; One Moiety thereof to be to the Use of the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof to be paid to the said Commissioners, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That in further Aid of the general Purposes of this Act, and for raising Money for defraying the several Charges and Expences incidental to and attending the Execution thereof, and for paying the Interest, and repaying and discharging the Monies borrowed or to be borrowed under or by virtue of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, once in every Year after the passing of this Act, or oftener if they shall think it necessary, to make One or more Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, to be signed by any Seven or more of the said Commissioners for the Time being, upon the Tenants or Occupiers of all Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Coach Houses, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Gardens, Grounds, Farms, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said respective Parishes of Saint Clement and All Saints, and that Part of the Parish of Saint Mary-in-the-Castle as lies within the said Town and Port; so as such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, do not exceed in the whole in any One Year the Sum of Two Shillings in the Pound for Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Coach Houses, Cellars, Vaults, Gardens, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and for Farms and Lands the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound, on the Scale or Rate for the Time being on which Rates are raised in each such Parish to and for the Relief of the Poor of such respective Parishes; and the Money or Monies so rated or assessed on the said Tenants or Occupiers of the said respective Parishes, and to be borne and defrayed by them, shall be paid by them respectively, to the Collector or other Person or Persons appointed or who shall or may be appointed by the said Commissioners to receive the same; and if any such Tenant or Occupier shall neglect or refuse to pay his or her Proportion or Proportions of any of the said Rates or Assessments to the said Collector for the Space of Seven Days next after Demand made thereof, by Notice in Writing under the Hand of the said Collector, to be delivered to or left at the Dwelling House or usual Place of Abode of such Tenant or Occupier, the same shall and

231

I. GEORGII IV. Cap. xii.

and may be levied on all and every such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers so neglecting or refusing, by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods or Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Town and Port; and the Surplus, if any, of the Monies to be raised by such Distress and Sale, shall be returned on Demand to the Owner or Owners of the Goods or Chattels so distrained, after deducting all Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Person shall remove from or quit any Messuage or Dwelling House, Warehouse, Building, Garden, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Premises, which shall have been rated or assessed by virtue of this Act, such Person or Persons shall be liable to pay such Rates or Assessments in Proportion to the Time that he, she, or they shall have occupied the same, in like Manner as if such Person or Persons had not removed or quitted the same; and in all Cases where any Person shall come into or occupy any such Premises, out of or from which any other Person who had been rated or assessed for the same shall have removed, or which at the Time of making any such new Rate or Assessment was or were empty or unoccupied, such Person or Persons shall, for or in respect of his, her, or their Occupation thereof, be liable to such Rate or Assessment in Proportion to the Time that he, she, or they shall occupy the same, in the same Manner as if he, she, or they had been originally rated or assessed for the same; which said respective Proportion, in case of any Dispute respecting the same, shall be determined by the said Commissioners in such Manner as they shall deem reasonable and just; and in case any Person having been so rated and assessed, shall quit the Premises in which he or she had been so rated or assessed without paying such Rate or Assessment, or his or her Proportion thereof, by him, her, or them due and payable as aforesaid, and shall afterwards refuse or neglect to pay the same, it shall and may be lawful for the said Collector or Collectors, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said Town and Port, countersigned or indorsed by any Justice of the Peace for the City, County, Riding, Division, Liberty, Town or Place, where such Person shall remove to or reside, or where any Goods or Chattels of such Person shall be found (which Warrant such Justice of the said Town and Port is hereby required to grant, upon Proof made of the Sum so due before him, upon Oath of a credible Witness or Witnesses, or Affirmation being a Quaker, and such Justice of the City, County, Riding, Division, Liberty, Town or Place, where such Person shall remove to or reside, is hereby authorized to countersign or indorse), to levy such Rate or Rates, or Proportion thereof as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person, rendering the Overplus, and the Goods and Chattels remaining (if any) upon Demand, after Payment of the Money due in respect of such unpaid Rate or Rates or Proportion thereof, and all Expences relating to the Recovery thereof, unto the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and sold as aforesaid.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person being a Landlord or Tenant, who shall let his or her House in separate Apartments or ready furnished to a Lodger or Lodgers, or for any less Term than a

Year,

Persons removing to pay a proportionable Part of the Rates.

Rates where Houses are let to several Families.

232 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xii.

Year, shall, for the several Purposes of this Act, be deemed and taken to be the Occupier thereof, and may be rated and assessed accordingly.

Poor Rates

LXXIV. And the better to enable the said Commissioners to rate the may be in- Inhabitants of the said respective Parishes according to the Scale or Rate s, 5ec e ‘ on which they are respectively rated to the Poor of the Parishes in which they respectively reside; be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and their Clerk, or other Person or Persons to be appointed by them or any Seven or more of them, by Writing signed by them, to inspect and take Copies and Extracts of any Rates made for the Relief of the Poor, in either of the said Parishes; which Inspection, Copies, and Extracts, the Person or Persons having the Custody of such Rates respectively, is and are hereby required to permit and suffer to be made, without Fee or Reward; and in case any such Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse so to do, he, she, or they shall for the First Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings; for the Second Offence, the Sum of Two Pounds; and for the Third and every other Offence, the Sum of Five Pounds.

Occupiers

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of StatuteDuty this Act, anc* every Person and Persons who shall be the Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands, Tenements, Tythes, or Hereditaments, in the said Parishes of Saint Clement All Saints, or that Part of Saint Mary-in-the-Castle as is situate within the said Town and Port, or who shall keep or maintain any Wheel Carriage, Team or Draught Horses wholly within the same, shall be and they are thereby discharged of and from all Statute Duty or Labour upon the Highways situate within the Limits of this Act, and of and from the Payment of any Composition Money for or in lieu thereof, and from all Pains and Penalties inflicted by any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Appointment of Surveyors of the Highways, it being the Meaning and Intention of this Act to place the Highways within the Limits aforesaid, in the Control and Management of the said Commissioners and of their Surveyor for the Time being; and the Expence attending the repairing, amending, and keeping in Repair the said Highways, shall be defrayed and paid by the said Commissioners by and out of the Rates and Duties by this Act authorized to be imposed, raised, and collected.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in order to the Payment of the said Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds, and all Interest now due and hereafter to accrue thereon, to the Person and Persons entitled to receive the same, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the said Commissioners shall yearly and every Year after the passing of this Act, by a Rate or Assessment on all the Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the said Parish of Saint Clement, or on the Tenants or Occupiers thereof, raise the Sum of One hundred and twenty Pounds, which shall be by them from Time to Time applied in Payment of the Interest now due and hereafter to accrue on the said Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds, and in the gradual Payment of the Principal, until the whole shall be discharged; which Rate or Assessment shall be made, levied, and recovered in the same Manner as the Rates or Assessments herein-before authorized for the general Purposes of this Act are directed to be made, levied, and recovered.

Commissioners to raise Money to pay 1, 5001. and Interest borrowed

former Act.

1’ GEORGII IV. Cap. xii. 233

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Conveyances, Bonds, Conveyances Covenants, Agreements, Contracts, and other Securities entered into by SesundS^thg the Commissioners for executing the said recited Act, to or with any former Act Person or Persons, according to the Provisions and Directions of the said to be avail-Act, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and shall be and continue available, able, and shall and may be enforced in all Courts of Law and Equity, in such and the same Manner as if the said Act had not been repealed, until the same are fully satisfied and performed.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the whole Money Rates assess-in any Rate or Assessment ordered or directed to be assessed, collected, ^r"gJAc^hte and levied, by and under the Authority of the said recited Act, shall not be jevieil un_ have been received, that then the same, or so much thereof as shall be til the whole unpaid, shall and may be collected, levied, and recovered by such Ways are collected, and Means, and under such Restrictions and Regulations, as the Rates and Assessments to be made under or by the Authority of this Act are directed to be collected, levied, and recovered; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LXXIX. And in order to enable the said Commissioners to put this Power to Act into immediate Execution, be it further enacted, That it shall and borrow Mo~ may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized ney‘ from Time to Time to borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purposes of this Act, upon the Credit of the said Rates and Duties, not exceeding the Sum of Eight thousand Pounds, and by Writing under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, at any Meetings to be held or appointed, to assign all or any Part of the said Rates and Duties to such Person or Persons as shall lend or advance any Money thereon, as a Security for the Payment of the Principal Money so to be advanced, with Interest for the same; and every such Mortgage or Assignment shall be in the Words and to the Effect following; (that is to say),

* v*rtue of an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of His Form of

* Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled {here set forth the Title Mortgage or

* of this Act'], we, the undersigned Commissioners appointed by and in ss, gnment-

* pursuance of the said Act, in consideration of the Sum of

‘ advanced and lent by A.B. upon the Credit and for the Purposes of the said Act, do grant, bargain, sell and demise unto the said A.B. his ‘ Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the Rates,

* Duties, or Assessments arising by virtue of the said Act, as the said

f Sum of _ doth or shall bear to the whole Sum which

‘ may at any Time be borrowed, or become due and owing or charged ‘ upon the Credit of the said Act, to be had and holden from this

* Day of the Year

* until the said Sum of with Interest at

* per Centum per Annum, for the same, shall be paid and satisfied/

And every such Mortgage or Assignment shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law; and all Persons to whom such Mortgages or Assignments shall be made, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, shall be, in proportion to the Sums therein respectively mentioned,

Creditors on the said Rates and Duties equally one with another, without [Local,] N any

234

Securities

transferrable.

Form of Transfer.

Securities, and Assignments there-

Book by the Clerk of the Commis-

Securities

redeemable.

Commissioners not to borrow Money in less Sums than 501.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xii.

aay Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing any such Money, or the Dates of any such Mortgages or Assignments.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons entitled to any of the Securities aforesaid, at any Time, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands respectively, to assign, transfer, and make over such Securities to any Person or Persons whomsoever, and so toties quoties; and such Assignment or Transfer may be made by Indorsement on the Back of their respective Securities, in the Presence of One credible Witness, after they shall be respectively entered by the Clerk to the said Commissioners in Manner herein-after mentioned, and shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be respectively made, and his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit of the Security or Securities so assigned or transferred j and such Assignment or Transfer shall be in the Words or to the Purport following; (that is to say),

* T Do transfer this Mortgage, with all my Right and Title to the Princi-

* pal Money hereby secured, and the Interest due or to grow due there-

‘ on, and all Arrears thereof, and all my Right and Title thereunto, unto his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, this

t Day of /

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk to the said Commissioners shall, before any Interest on any such Security shall be actually paid by the Treasurer, enter into a Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose, all Securities for Money borrowed by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, and all Assignments, and so much of such Wills as relate to the Bequests of any such Security j to which Book or Books any Person or Persons interested therein shall at all seasonable Times have Access, and free Liberty to inspect the same, without Fee or Reward; provided always, that before such Assignment or Transfer shall be so entered by the Clerk, an Affidavit (taken before some Justice of the Peace) shall be delivered to the said Clerk, of the due Execution of such Assignment or Will, and the said Clerk is hereby required to file such Affidavit, and for which Entry and filing such Affidavit he shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more.

LXXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every such Security which shall be made by virtue of this Act, for any Sum of Money which shall be borrowed by the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, shall be liable and subject to be paid off and redeemed by the said Commissioners, at such Time or Times, and in such Manner and Proportion as they shall think fit, giving Three Calendar Months previous Notice to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, of their Intention to redeem or discharge the same, and paying the full Principal Sum so borrowed, and the Interest and Arrears due thereon.

LXXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize or empower the said Commissioners or any of them, to borrow such Sum of Eight thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, but at a Meeting or Meetings to be specially called for that Purpose, whereof due Notice shall be given in Manner herein-before required with respect to Special Meetings, and unless at such 12 Meeting

235

1° GEORGII IV. Cap.*.ii.

Meeting or Meetings Seven or more of the said Commissioners shall be present; provided always, that no less a Sum than Fifty Pounds shall be borrowed of any One Person or Body Corporate or Politic, upon the Credit of the said Rates and Duties made.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Collector or Collectors to Collectors, to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, of the several Rates, JJjJected to Duties, and Payments hereby imposed and authorized to be taken, shall, the Trea_ and he and they is and are hereby required to pay all such Monies as be surer; the or they shall or may respectively collect or receive in pursuance of this Treasurer to Act as aforesaid, within Twenty-eight Days after the Receipt thereof, into

the Hands of the Treasurer to be appointed by the said Commissioners; dered by the and the said Treasurer is hereby authorized and required, out of the Commis-Monies collected and paid into his Hands, to pay such Sum or Sums of sioners. Money which the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, at a General or Special Meeting, shall from Time to Time draw upon him for or order him to pay; and the said Treasurer for the Time being shall and he is hereby required to keep regular and clear Entries, under distinct and appropriate Heads, in a Book or Books to be for that Purpose by him provided and kept, of all and singular his Receipts, Payments, and Disbursements, on account or in pursuance of this Act, and shall therein state from and to whom and on what particular Account the same was received and paid; to which Book or Books, and all others kept for the Purpose of this Act, every Person liable to the Payment of any of the said Rates,

Duties, and Payments, shall and may have free Access at all convenient Times, with full Liberty to inspect the same, without Fee or Reward; and in case the said Treasurer shall refuse to permit, or shall not permit such Inspection as aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be levied and recovered in the same Manner as other Penalties are herein directed to be levied and recovered; and also, that the Treasurer for the Time being shall once in every Year have the said Accounts audited, passed, and allowed by the said Commissioners, at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, and shall verify the same upon Oath, if required so to do,

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Monies to arise by or Application from the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Coke, and the Rates upon Houses, of the Money Buildings, and Lands herein-before imposed or directed to be raised, and all raised‘ Money which may be borrowed on the Credit thereof respectively, and all Penalties and Forfeitures to be recovered or levied by virtue of this Act, and all Monies which are herein-before directed to be applied to the Purposes of this Act, and all other Monies which shall come to the Hands of the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, in regard to the Disposal of which no specific Directions are herein-before given, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Commissioners, and the same shall be applied and disposed of, in the first Place, towards paying and defraying the Charges and Expences which shall be incurred or in any Manner incident to and attending the Application for and obtaining and passing of this Act, and in the nexfPlace, in paying and discharging the Principal Monies to be borrowed under or by virtue of this Act, for the Purpose of carrying the several Provisions of this Act into Execution, and the Interest of such Monies respectively, and for and towards defraying the Charges and Expences of paving, amending, repairing, cleansing, improving, lighting, watching and watering the Streets, Lanes, and other

public

236

license Hackney Coaches, &c.

Commissioners may make Bye Laws for regulating Hackney Coaches, 8cc.

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. xii.

public Places within the Limits of this Act, and the removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Obstructions, and Encroachments therein, and for cleansing, improving, amending, maintaining and repairing the Stream, Watercourse, or Rivulet, called the Bourne, and the removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Obstructions, and Encroachments therein, and for and towards the Purchase of the necessary Messuages, Buildings, Lands, and Hereditaments, the Materials and Things to be used or applied for the several Purposes aforesaid, and in paying and defraying all other Charges and Expences whatsoever, which the said Commissioners or their Officers, or the Persons employed by them, shall necessarily be put unto in carrying this Act into Execution, and for such other Uses and Purposes as are herein expressed, and to and for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to license a sufficient Number of Hackney Coaches and Chaises, Sedan Chairs, Flys, and Bathing Machines, to ply for hire within the said Town of Hasting, and the Sea Beach or Coast thereof.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, present at any Meeting, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time, as often as to them shall seem necessary, to make, ordain, constitute and appoint such Bye Laws, Rules, Regulations, and Orders as they shall think fit for regulating and preserving Order at the Meetings to be from Time to Time held by the said Commissioners for carrying into Execution this Act, and for the good Government of their Officers, Patroles, and Watchmen, for licensing and authorizing a sufficient Number of Hackney Coaches, Chaises, Sedan Chairs, Flys, Bathing Machines, Carts or Carriages drawn by any Horse or Horses, Ass or Asses, Mule or Mules, or any Saddle Ass and Mule, to ply for hire within the same Town, or on the Beach or Coast thereof, and for regulating and ordering such Hackney Coaches, Chaises, Sedan Chairs, Flys, Bathing Machines, Carts or Carriages, Horses, Asses and Mules, and how and in what Manner the Owners, Drivers, and Carriers thereof respectively shall conduct and demean themselves in their several Employments, and within what Hours and Times they may follow and exercise their Calling, and also in what Manner and Order, and how such Hackney Coaches, Chaises, Sedan Chairs, Flys, Bathing Machines, Carts, Carriages, Horses, Asses and Mules, shall be furnished, provided, and kept, and numbered, and what Number of Persons may be carried and conveyed in and on such Coaches, Chaises, Carts and Carriages, and what Number of Horses are to draw the same, and for ascertaining, fixing, altering, and removing the Stands of such Coaches, Chaises, Chairs, Flys, Bathing Machines, Horses, Asses, and Mules, or any of them, from Time to Time, and punishing the Misconduct or Misbehaviour of Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, and Persons attending such Flys, Bathing Machines, Carts or Carriages, Horses, Asses and Mules, and for fixing, ascertaining and defining what Rates and Prices shall be allowed, paid, awarded, or received by such Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen, and the Owners of and Persons attending such Flys, Bathing Machines, Carts or Carriages, Horses, Asses and Mules, and to what Distance such Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen and

Persons

237

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xii.

Persons attending such Flys, Carts, Carriages, Horses, Asses and Mules, shall be obliged to drive, go, or come in or about the said Town, or the Neighbourhood thereof, and for the Government and Regulation of Persons bathing upon the Coast adjoining to the said Town, or any Part thereof, such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations not being repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom called England, or this Act; and the said Commissioners may from Time to Time, as they shall think fit, repeal, alter, or amend such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations, or any of them, and shall impose such Penalties and Forfeitures, not exceeding Five Pounds, upon all Persons breaking or avoiding the same, or any of them.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if the Driver of any Hackney Coach or Chaise, or the Carrier or Carriers of any such Sedan Chair, or any Person or Persons attending such Flys, Bathing Machine, Carts or Carriages, Horses, Asses or Mules, shall be found standing or plying for hire, or using such Coach, Chaise, Sedan Chair, Fly, Bathing Machine, Carts or Carriages, Horses, Asses or Mules, in any Part of the Limits before mentioned, without Licence as aforesaid, or having such Licence shall be found plying for hire, or contrary to or against such Bye Laws, Rules, or Regulations which shall or may be made as aforesaid, the Owner or Owners, or the Person or Persons driving or offering to drive such Coach, Chaise, Cart, or Carriage, or the Owner or Owners of, or Person or Persons attending such Flys, Bathing Machines, Horses, Asses or Mules, so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Licence so to be granted as aforesaid, for the Persons aforesaid under this Act, shall be signed by Seven of the Commissioners at the least, and every Licence not so signed shall be void; and every Licence so granted shall express the Number to which such Person is licensed, and shall be in force for Twelve Calendar Months from the Day of the Date of such Licence, or until the next general annual Licensing of such Persons for the Purposes aforesaid, and no longer; and no one Licence shall include more than One Coach or Chaise, or One Chair or Fly, or One Bathing Machine, or One Cart or Carriage, or One Horse, Ass or Mule; and every such Licence shall be made out by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and be duly entered in a Book to be provided and kept for that Purpose in his Office, with the Name of the Person licensed, and his and her Number and Place of Residence; and in such Book shall be contained Columns or Places for Entries to be made of every Offence committed by any Driver, Coachman, or Chairman, or Person attending a Fly or Bathing Machine; and that for each and every such Licence there shall be paid to the Clerk of the said Commissioners for the Time being for the same, the following Sums; (that is to say),

For each Licence for a Hackney Coach or Chaise, the Sum of Five Shillings:

And for each Licence for a Sedan Chair or Fly, the Sum of Five Shilling?:

And for each Licence for a Bathing Machine, Cart or Carriage, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence:

[Local.'] 3 o

Penalty on Coachmen, &c. plying without Licence.

Manner of granting Licences, and Sums to be paid thereon.

Rates for Licences.

And

238

Penalty on Persons not paying Hackney Coachmen their Fare.

Bye Laws t be printed and affixed up.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xii

And for each Licence for a Horse, Ass, or Mule, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence.

And every Owner of such Coach, Chaise, Chair, Fly, or Bathing Machine, shall affix and keep such Figure or Number as shall be respectively appointed by the said Commissioners, on some conspicuous Part of such Coach, Chaise, Chair, Fly, Bathing Machine, Cart or Carriage; and shall for every Refusal or Neglect so to do, forfeit and pay any Stun not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XC. And be it further enacted, That if ai^y Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay, on Demand, to any licensed Hackney Coachman or Hackney Coachmen, Sedan Chairman or Sedan Chairmen, or Person or Persons attending such Fly, Cart, or Carriage, or Horse, Ass, or Mule, or such Machine, the Money justly due to him, her, or them for the Fare, Hire or Service thereof, or shall wilfully cut, deface, break, or injure any such licensed Coach or Chaise, or the Horse or Horses, or the Harness of the same, or any licensed Chair, Fly, or Bathing Machine, Cart or Carriage, it shall and may be lawful to and for any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Town and Port, upon any Complaint thereof made to him or them, to grant his or their Summons against the Person or Persons complained of, to appear before him or them at some Time and Place to be mentioned in such Summons, to answer the Matter of the said Complaint, and on Proof on Oath of the Service thereof, to proceed in and to hear the Matter of the said Complaint on Oath, whether the Person summoned appears or not, and to make such Order therein as to such Justice or Justices shall appear to be just; and if the Person or Persons upon whom such Order shall be made do not immediately pay or cause to be paid the Money (if any) which shall be ordered as a Satisfaction to the Person or Persons for the Service or Injury done, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, and he and they is and are hereby required to grant his or their Warrant of Distress against the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so refusing or declining to pay, to be taken in any Place wheresoever found, and the same to sell and dispose of, and out of the Monies arising by or from such Sale, to pay the Money so awarded to the Person or Persons to whom it shall be due, with such Costs as such Justice or Justices shall think reasonable, returning the Overplus (if any) on Demand to the Owner of the Goods and Chattels so distrained; and if no Distress can be found, then to commit the Person or Persons against whom such Order shall be made, to the Common Gaol of the said Town and Port, for any Time not exceeding Fourteen Days, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, unless the Money be sooner paid.

XCI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall cause the Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, by this Act authorized to be made by them, and any Alteration thereof, to be from Time to Time printed and distributed; and a Copy thereof, signed by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, shall be affixed up in some conspicuous Place in the Town Hall of the said Town and Port of Hasting, and on the Outside of the Market Place; and other Copies thereof shall be painted on Boards, and placed or affixed in different Parts or Places within the Limits of this Act, and the same shall from Time to Time be renewed and replaced, in case the same shall be broken, injured, or defaced, so as to be illegible; and the said Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and

Regulations

239

1° GEORGII IV. Cap

Regulations shall be as good, valid, and effectual as if the same had been enacted in this Act; but no Bye-Law, Rule, Order, or Regulation shall have any Force or Effect until Seven Days next after the same shall have been affixed as aforesaid, and the same respectively shall be subject to Appeal in Manner herein-after mentioned.

XCIT. And be it further enacted, That when any Sum of Money shall Sinking be borrowed or taken up at Interest, upon the Credit or Security of the Fund said Rates, Duties, or Assessments hereby granted or continued, the Sum of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum on every such Sum shall from thenceforth be charged on this Act, and be appropriated and paid out of the Rates, Duties, and Assessments, over and besides the Interest payable on the Money borrowed, in order to form a Sinking Fund for the gradual Payment of all the Principal Sum and Sums so to be borrowed; and that after the Payment of any such Sum or Sums, the said Three Pounds per Centum per Annum shall no longer be appropriated thereon; but the full Interest which would have been otherwise payable for or in respect of the same to the Creditor or respective Creditors shall annually from thenceforth be charged on and appropriated and paid out of the said Rates, Duties, or Assessments, in aid of the said Sinking Fund; and that as often as the said Sinking Fund shall amount to the Sum of Fifty Pounds, then and in such Case that Sum shall be applied in Payment of an equal Amount of the said Principal Money then due or owing on the Credit or Security of the said Rates, Duties, or Assessments, rateable or by Lot among the Creditors, as the said Commissioners shall think proper.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Penalty on assault, obstruct, hinder, or molest any Commissioner, Clerk, Surveyor Persons ob-or Surveyors, Inspector or Inspectors, Watchman, Beadle, or other Execution ot' Officer, Workman or other Person whomsoever, in the Execution of any this Act. ° thing required or directed to be done, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, and shall be thereof convicted before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Town and Port, such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and For- For Recovery feitures inflicted or imposed by this Act, or by or under any Bye Law, of Fines, Rule, Order, or Regulation to be made in pursuance or by the Authority Forfeitures, of this Act (the Manner of levying and recovery whereof is not other- ^g^ Fenal-wise particularly directed), may, in case of Nonpayment thereof, be recovered in a summary Way by the Order and Adjudication of any one Justice of the Peace for the said Town and Port on Complaint to him for that Purpose exhibited, and afterwards be levied, as well as the Costs of such Proceedings on Nonpayment, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, or Person or Persons liable to pay the same, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, who is hereby authorized and required to summon before him any Witness or Witnesses, and to examine him, her, or them upon Oath, of and concerning such Offences, Matters, and Things, and to hear and determine the same, and the Overplus (if any) of the Money so levied and recovered, after discharging the Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture for which such Warrant

shall

240

Commissioners may reward Informers.

If Verdicts be given for the Commissioners in Actions brought by or against them, the full Costs to be paid.

Inhabitants not incompetent Witnesses in Actions.

For compelling the Attendance of Witnesses.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xii.

shall be issued, and the Costs and Expences of levying and recovering the same shall be returned on Demand to the Owner or Owners of the Goods or Chattels so seised or distrained j and in case such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid upon Conviction, then it shall be lawful for such Justice to order the Offender or Offenders so convicted to be detained and kept in safe Custody until Return can conveniently be made to such Warrant of Distress, unless the Offender or Offenders shall give sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Justice for his, her, or their Appearance before such Justice, on such Day or Days as shall be appointed for the Return of such Warrant of Distress, such Day or Days not being more than Fourteen Days from the Time of taking any such Security, and which Security the said Justice is hereby empowered to take by way of Recognizance or otherwise; but if upon the Return of such Warrant it shall appear that no sufficient Distress can be had thereupon, then it shall be lawful for such Justice, or any other Justice of the Peace for the said Town and Port, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol of the said Town and Port, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Term not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and such Fines and Penalties, when so levied (the Application whereof is not otherwise directed), shall be paid to the Treasurer acting under this Act, and be wholly applied to the Purposes of this Act, and to or for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to reward any Informer or Informers, as they shall think proper, so as such Reward does not exceed One Half of the Penalty or Forfeiture proved by the Information of such Informer or Informers to have been incurred; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Actions shall be brought by the Commissioners in the Name of their said Clerk as aforesaid, for any thing relating to this Act, or the Powers herein contained, and a Verdict shall be had or given for the said Clerk in such Action or Actions, the Person or Persons against whom such Action shall be brought, shall, over and above the Charges or Money which may be recovered in any such Action or Actions, pay the full Costs thereof.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions, Prosecutions, Informations, Appeals, Causes, or Proceedings whatsoever, relating to or concerning the Execution of this Act, or of any Order, Rule, or Bye. Law made in pursuance hereof, no Inhabitant of the said Town shall be deemed to be an incompetent Witness by reason of his or her paying, or being liable to pay, any Rates or Duties imposed by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons having been summoned as a Witness or Witnesses, to give Evidence before

13 any

241

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xii.

any Justice or Justices of the Peace, touching any Complaint for any Offence against this Act, or against any Rule, Order, or Bye Law made in pursuance thereof, whether on the Part of the Prosecutors or the Person or Persons complained against, (a reasonable Sum for his, her, or their Costs and Charges having been paid or tendered to him, her, or them), shall refuse or neglect to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for such his, her, or their Refusal or Neglect, to be approved of by the Justice or Justices, or appearing, shall refuse to be examined on Oath, (or on solemn Affirmation, being a Quaker), and to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Commissioners as aforesaid, then and in either of the said Cases, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XCIX. And for the more easy Conviction of Offenders against this Convictions, Act, be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace before whom jr’^°ube any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, r'iwn UP* or any Rule, Order, or Bye Law to be made by virtue or in pursuance thereof, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

* Town and Port of Hasting, i ‘ J^E *t remembered, That on the Form of

« to wit, /« Day of in the Year of the Conviction.

‘ Reign of His Majesty King A.B. is

([or are, as the Case may he] convicted before me [or us, as the

* Case may be) One, or Two, of His Majesty's Justices of the

* Peace acting in and for the Town and Port of Hasting [as the Case

* may be], by virtue of an Act of Parliament passed in the First Y -ar of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act. &c.

([here set forth the Title of this Act], of [here specify the

c Offence, Time and Place when and where committed, as the Case sh il be],

* contrary to the said Act [or, contrary to a certain Bye Law, as the Case

6 may be], made on the Day of

* pursuant to the said Act, for which Offence I [or we, as the Case shall (bej adjudged the said A.B. to have forfeited the Sum of

‘ Given under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals, as the Case 1 may be] the Day and Year first above written. ’

C. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made Distress no* for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the t» »>e deemed Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties , ul|:*'viul for making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of 'F, a"‘ of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant, or Distress, or other Proceeding relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Irregularities which may be afterwards done or committed by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularities shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in a special Action upon the Case for that Purpose.

Cl. And be it further enacted, That no Action, Verdict, Rate, Assess- Proceedings ment, Order, Judgment, Conviction, or other Proceeding, which shall "Dl 'n be be or may be had or taken, in pursuance of or under or by virtue of this Act, shall be made void, quashed, or vacated, for want of Form, or Form nor [Isw/.] 3 p be

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xii.

be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Precept whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Actionsl°andf further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be com-

Notice re- menced against any Person or Persons for any thing done or to be done

quired. by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, until Twenty-eight Days Notice

thereof shall have been first given in Writing by the intended Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, of the Cause and Intentions of and for commencing such Action or Suit, and the Time when such Action or Suit will be commenced, nor at any Time whatsoever after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof shall have been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Three Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought; and in case there shall be a Continuation of Damages, then not after Three Calendar Months next after such Damage shall cease, and not otherwise; and all Actions and Suits shall be laid and tried in the County of Sussex, and not in any other County or Place; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial or Trials ^hich shall be had thereupon, and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Suit shall be brought was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act, or of some Rule, Order, or Bye Law made in pursuancethereof; and if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall happen that such Action or Suit was brought before Twenty-eight Days Notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or paid into Court with the Leave thereof, either before or after Issue joined in such Action or Suit, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time herein-before for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid or brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein j and also if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of such Action or Actions after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared thereto, or if Judgment shall be given for the Defendants therein, or if any Verdict shall pass upon the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer or otherwise Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the recovering the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or may have for his, her, or their Costs, in any other Case by Law.

Versons ag- CIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person a^eastothe or Persons think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Sessions? ' Rate or Assessment which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, he, she, or they may apply to the said Commissioners at their first Meeting to be holden after the demanding of such Rate or Assessment, and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered, if they shall think such Person aggrieved, to give such Relief in the Premises as to them shall seem reasonable; and if any Person or Persons shall be dis-satisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners therein, then he, she, or they may appeal to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for the said Town and Port in Manner hereinafter mentioned j and if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved, by reason of any Judgment, Conviction,

2 or

242

removed by Writ of Certiorari.

243

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xii.

or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or by any thing done in pursuance of this Act, for which no particular Method of Relief hath been already appointed, or by reason of any of the Bye Laws, Rules,

Orders, and Regulations of the said Commissioners by this Act authorized to be made, he, she, or they may appeal to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the Town and Port of Hasting, which shall next happen after the Expiration of Ten Days after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen; in every or either of which Case, such Appellant giving or causing to be given Eight Days Notice at least in Writing, of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk of the said Commissioners, and within Two Days next after such Notice, entering or causing a Recognizance to be entered into before some Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Town and Port, by Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal and to abide the Order thereof, and to pay such Costs (if any) as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions; and the said Justices at such Quarter Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of entering into such Recognizances, shall hear and determine the Causes and Matters of every such Appeal in a summary Way; and the said Justices shall and may award such Satisfaction and Costs to the Parties respectively appealing or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Justices at such Quarter Sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive.

Justices may amend Rate without quashing it.

CIV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices, at their said General Quarter Sessions, or Adjournment thereof, (in all Cases where they shall see just Cause to give Relief) to amend such Rate or Assessment, either by inserting therein or striking out the Name or Names of any Person or Persons, or by altering the Sum or Sums therein charged on any Person or Persons, or in any other Manner which the said Court shall think necessary for giving such Relief, and without quashing or wholly setting aside such Rate or Assessment.

cv. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Privileges of this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to the Town abridge, diminish, or take away any Rents, Tolls, or Customs, belonging, sa, e'1-due, or payable, or had, received, or taken by the Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty of the said Town and Port of Hasting, nor impede, prevent, or hinder the Exercise of any Privilege or Right whatsoever of the said Town and Port, or of the said Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty, or df any of the Officers or Servants thereunto belonging.

CVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded

[Public Act.]

LONDON; Printed by George Etre and Andrew Strahan, fruiters to the King s most Excellent Majesty. 1820.

ANNO PRIMO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

An Act for reviving, extending, and varying the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, for making and widening certain Streets, Passages, and Places in the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for several other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, and also for further improving the said Town.

HERE AS an Act was passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for opening, 26G.3. c. 12.

making, widening, and altering certain Streets, Passages, and Places, within the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, for supplying the said Town with fresh and wholesome Water, for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, for appointing additional Market Places, and for extending so much of the Powers of an Act of the Second Year of His late Majesty, as relates to Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Carters, and Porters, to a certain Distance beyond the Liberties of the said Town, whereby the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Common Council of the said Town, were authorized to make, open, widen, and alter certain Streets, Passages, and Places, within the said Town, in the said Act particularly mentioned, and were invested with certain Powers and Authorities for enabling them to carry the said Act into Execution; and the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Common Council, have at great Expence to the Corpora-

Cap. xiii.

[22d June 1820.]

[Local.2

3 Q

tioa

246

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xiii.

tion of Liverpool, made considerable Progress in the aforesaid Works, and in Execution of the Powers intrusted to them by the said Act, but have not as yet been enabled to complete the same:And whereas the Period or Term of Twenty Years limited in the said Act for making the said Improvements expired some Time since, and many of the Provisions of the said Act have been found inadequate to the Purposes intended, and further and other Provisions and Regulations, Powers, and Authorities are necessary for the Improvement of the said Town: And whereas it would very greatly tend to the Convenience and Accommodation of the Inhabitants of the said Town, if the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Common Council were authorized and empowered to open and widen certain other Streets therein, called Old Hall Street, Tythe Barn Street, Chapel Street, Moorfields, and Water Street; and also to make and open a new Street to communicate between Dale Street and the Old Hay Market, and it would be also very beneficial to the Public if the Powers and Authorities comprised in the said Act were renewed and extended, and if other Powers and Authorities were given for the Improvement of the said Town: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present The Com- Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Mayor, Snpowered' Bailiffs, and Common Council, for the Time being of the said Town, shall to open and have full Power and Authority to open and widen such Streets, Passages, widen Streets and Places as are particularly specified and enumerated in the said recited enumerated Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of fiis late Majesty, of sqch Act^and to Bart or Parts thereof as have not been already opened and widened yqder open and the Authority of the said Act j and also to open and widen the said Streets, widen certain called Old Hall Street, Tythe Barn Street, Chapel Street, Moorfields, and other Streets. Water Street, and also to make and open a new Street to communicate be-Extension of tween Dale Street and the Old Haymarket, in the said Town; and that for 9? r6r?of t^e Purposes aforesaid, all the Powers, Clauses, Limitations, and Provi-to present sions contained in the said recited Act of the Twenty^sixth Year of the Act. Reign of His late Majesty, which in any way relate to or concern the several Streets in the said Act particularly specified, or the Means to be used in order to carry into effect the opening and widening of the same Streets, shall still extend to the same, or to such Parts thereof, as have not already been opened and widened under and by virtue of the said Act; and shall also extend to the said Streets by this Act authorized to be made, opened, and widened, and to the several Lands, Buildings, and Hereditaments, in the said recited Act particularly specified, and to those mentioned and described in the Schedule to this Act annexed, in all respects and to all Intents and Purposes, in as full and ample a Manner as if the same Powers, Clauses, Limitations, and Provisions, had been in this present Act particularly re-enacted and made Part of this Act, for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, not only as to the several Streets particularly specified in the said Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, but also as to all the Streets which are referred to in the Schedule annexed to this Act, intended to be respectively widened or opened, and newly laid out under and by virtue of the same.

Misnomer or

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any of the Prewrong Demises mentioned and described in the said recited Act, or in the Schedule scripuon of hereunto annexed, or any of the Persons in whose Possession or Occupa-

Premiscs uot J

1* GEORGII IV. Cap. xiii. 247

tion the same or any Part thereof are or is stated or described to be, or 2SfceJSJno? the Owner or Owners thereof, shall happen to be misnamed or inaccu- t^c^cl>n ° rately described, such Misnomer or inaccurate Description shall not prevent or retard the Execution of this Act, provided it shall appear to any Two Justices of the Peace of the said Borough of Liverpoolthat such Misnomer or inaccurate Description has proceeded from Mistake, but the same Premises, and every Part thereof, shall and may be used, sold, conveyed, disposed of, and applied to and for the Purposes of this Act as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same or any Part thereof or the Tenant or Owner thereof had not been misnamed or inaccurately described; any thing herein or in the said recited A G contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Application awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments pur- of M°oooo/ chased by virtue of the said AG, or this AG, for the Purposes thereof, ove which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or other Person or Persons, under any other Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, ex parte the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Common Council, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments standing settled therewith, to the same or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under and with the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance or Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking effect; and in the meantime, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by prder of the said High Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities } and in the meantime, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time, be paid by order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so to be purchased in case such Purchase or Settlement was made.

248 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xiii.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed and awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the same shall be at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Common Council (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money *, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said High Court of Chancery.

When under V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Money 20i- so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so purchased for the Purposes of the said Act and this Act, in such Manner as the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Common Council shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

In case of

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to

not making whom any such Sum or Sums of Money shall be adjudged or awarded, out Titles, by or for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said Act, or this Act, shall refuse to accept the same, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Common Council; or in case such Person or Persons to whom, such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Common Council, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (describing them), subject to the Order, Control, and Disposition of the said High Court of Chancery, which said Court, on the Application of any Person

or

Where less than 2001. and not less than 201.

249

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xiii.

or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the same Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estates, Title, or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for the same, mentioning and specifying for what and whose Use the same is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Respecting Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be

paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of the said Act and this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by Reason Court may of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, order rea-entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased ^nces^be under the Authority of the said Act and this Act, the Purchase Money J^by thee for the same shall be required to be paid into the said High Court of Corporation. Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements,

or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said High Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said Act and this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Common Council, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said Act and this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money, for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

IX. And whereas it is by the said Act enacted, that it shall and may Power to the be lawful for the Common Council for the Time being of the said Town

[_Local.~\ 3 to the Overplus

250

Ground, &c. amended.

Sellers of Land, &c. to have the Preference of re-purchasing.

Houses, &c. not to be taken, except those specified in Schedule,

I. GEORGII IV. Cap. xw.

to order to be set, let, conveyed, or disposed of, so much or such Parts of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, and Premises, as also so much and such of the said Streets, Alleys, Ways, Passages, Courts, and Places, as they are by the said Act empowered to stop up and enclose, and shall not be necessary for the opening or widening of any of the said Streets, Passages, or Places, or for the making of the said new Streets, unto any Person or Persons, to or for such Use or Uses as they shall think proper, consistent with the Terms and Conditions of the several and respective Contracts which they have entered into and engaged in with the several and respective different Proprietors or Owners of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, and Premises, or any of them, or any Part of any of them, previous to the passing of this Act, and that the same shall be let, set, conveyed, or otherwise disposed of by the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the said Town accordingly: And whereas it is expedient that the said Provision should be amended; be it therefore enacted, That before they the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Common Council shall be at Liberty to sell and dispose of any Surplus Houses or other Buildings, Piece or Pieces of Land or Ground, purchased by virtue of this Act or the said recited Act, they shall first offer to resell the same to the Person or Persons from whom they shall have purchased or taken the same; and in case such Person or Persons respectively shall not then and thereupon agree, or shall refuse to purchase or repurchase the same respectively, an Affidavit to be made and sworn before a Master or Master Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Borough of Liverpool, by some Person or Persons no way interested in the said Houses or other Buildings, Piece or Pieces of Land or Ground, stating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Common Council, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the same was so offered, shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom such Offer was made, as the Case may be; and in case such Person or Persons shall be desirous of purchasing or repurchasing the same, and he, she, or they, and the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Common Council shall differ and not agree with respect to the Price thereof, then and in such Case the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury, in Manner directed with respect to disputed Value of Premises, to be purchased by the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Common Council, in pursuance of the said Act and this Act; and the Expences of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in like Manner as directed with respect to such Purchase made by the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Common Council, mutatis mutandis, and the Money to arise by the Sale or Sales which may be made by the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Common Council, of such Surplus Houses or other Buildings, or Land or Ground as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Purposes of the said recited Act and of this Act, but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for any Mis-applica-tion or Non-application of such Money.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Common Council to take any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by virtue of this Act, save and except those particularly mentioned and

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xiii. 251

and specified in the said recited Act, and in the Schedule hereunto annexed.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act not to Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to take away, ^efac'f prejudice, lessen, or affect any of the Powers, Privileges, or Authorities Liverpool now belonging to the Proprietors of the Liverpool Corporation Water- Corporation works, the Liverpool Gas Light Company, or the Company of Proprietors Water-

of the Liverpool Water-works, under and by virtue of any Act or Acts Light, of Parliament now in force, or otherwise howsoever; and that in case of or the Liver-the opening, making, raising, widening, or altering any of the Streets, pool Water-Passages, or Places in the said recited Act, or in this present Act specified, works Com-in consequence of which the Pipes of the said Companies or Proprietors, Pany‘ or any of them, shall be obliged to be altered, raised, taken up, removed to, or relaid in some other Part or Parts of the Streets, Passages, or Places aforesaid, the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Common Council, shall, previous to the opening, making, raising, widening, or altering of any such Streets, Passages, or Places as aforesaid, give or cause to be given to the said respective Companies or Proprietors One Calendar Month's Notice to be Notice in Writing, to be left at the respective Offices for transacting the given to Sur-Business of the said respective Companies or Proprietors, in order that veyors to refull Time and Opportunity niay be afforded to the said Companies or °ve PlPe9’ Proprietors to alter, raise, take up, remove, or relay their said Pipes as aforesaid; and which said Pipes shall be altered, raised, taken up, Expence of removed, or relaid by the said respective Companies or Proprietors, at Pem0.'?}'to the Costs, Charges, and Expences of the Corporation of Liverpool, re- corporation, specting which Costs, Charges, and Expences, if there shall be any Dispute between the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Common Council, and the said Companies or Proprietors, or any of them, the same shall from Time to Time be ascertained and settled by a Justice of the Peace for the said County of Lancaster, upon the Application of either Party, such Justice not being One of the said Common Council, or One of the said Companies or Proprietors, and in case such Costs, Charges, and Expences shall remain unpaid for the Space of Ten Days next after the Day on which the same shall have been so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, and Demand made thereof, by or on Behalf of the said Companies or Proprietors respectively, from the Treasurer for the Time being of the said Corporation of Liverpool, the same shall and may be recovered from the said Corporation by the Proprietors for the Time being of the Liverpool Corporation Water-works, by and in the Name of their Manager and Chief Clerk for the Time being, and by the said other Companies of Proprietors, as any other Debt or Demand; and the Signature of the said Justice to the Amount so by him ascertained and settled as aforesaid shall be conclusive Evidence of the Amount of the said Debt or Demand.

XII. And whereas considerable Inconvenience has arisen in consequence of Porters and Carters plying for Hire in various Situations within the said Town, and it would be beneficial to the Inhabitants of the said Town if Stands or Stations were fixed and appointed for Porters and Carters, and proper Regulations made respecting the same, and if Power and Authority were given for licensing Porters within the said Town: be it therefore enacted,

252

Power to Justices of the Borough in Quarter Sessions to Appoint Stands, and

Rules, &c.

Porters, &c. not to ]>ly m certain Places.

For preventing Danger to Passengers from ruinous Buildings.

1# GEORGII IV. Cap.*iii.

enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace of the said Borough assembled at any General Quarter Sessions, to be holden for the same, or at any Adjournment thereof, from Time to Time, to fix and appoint what Place or Places shall be hereafter used and occupied as Stands or Stations for Porters, Carts, and Carters, plying for Hire within the said Town, and to make such Rules and Regulations respecting the same as they may think proper; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices of the Peace, at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the said Borough, or at any Adjournment thereof, to make, constitute, ordain, and provide from Time to Time, such Bye Laws, Rules, and Orders, as they the said Justices shall think fit for licensing and authorizing Porters to ply for Hire within the said Town, and of and concerning all Parcels, Goods, Things, and Messages, to be loaded or unloaded, or carried by such Porters, and for altering and removing the Stands of such Porters, Carts, or Carters, or any of them, from Time to Time, and for punishing Misconduct and Misbehaviour of all Porters or Carters plying for Hire within the said Town, all which said Rules and Regulations shall be printed and affixed up in the Town Hall and at the Custom House within the said Town, and shall not be repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, called England, or to any of the Directions or Provisions of this or the said recited Act; and the said Justices shall have full Power and Authority to impose any Fine or Penalty as to them shall seem reasonable, not exceeding Five Pounds for the Breach of any of such Rules or Regulations so to be made as aforesaid, and shall and may, from Time to Time, when and as often as they shall think fit, at any General Quarter Sessions to be held in and for the said Borough, or at any Adjournment thereof, make any Alterations which they shall deem necessary and expedient in such Rules and Regulations:Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall prevent any Person from employing his or her own Servant, or the Servant of any other Person or Persons, or any Labourer or Person as a Porter, although such Person be not a licensed Porter; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Justices to fix or appoint any Place or Places as a Stand or Station for Porters, Carts, or Carters, under and by virtue of the Power hereinbefore contained, situate in Duke's Place, or in either of the Streets leading therefrom, and which adjoin to the Property of the Trustees of the late Duke of Bridgewater there.

XIV. And whereas it frequently happens that Houses and Buildings within the said Town are either from litigated Titles thereto, or the Obstinacy, Neglect, or Poverty, of the Owners thereof, or of the Parties interested therein, in so ruinous a Condition, that Passengers are in danger of their Lives, or of some Injury from the falling thereof, or of the Bricks, or Timber, or other Materials, or Rubbish therefrom; and it also frequently happens that Houses and Buildings erecting or repairing within the said Town, or the Foundations of the same, are not sufficiently fenced or guarded from the Street as to insure Safety to the Passengers; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace for the said Borough to order and direct any House or Building therein which,

upon

253

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xiii.

upon view of the same by the said Justices, may appear to be in a ruinous or dangerous State, to be properly fenced and guarded from the Street by a proper and sufficient Hord or Fence, by and at the Expence of the said Corporation of Liverpool, until the same Premises shall be regularly and lawfully proceeded against under the said recited Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, by Presentment of the Grand Jury, at the Sessions to be held for the said Borough, and taken down or repaired; and the Owner or Owners of such Premises shall reimburse and pay the Expences incurred by the said Corporation in fixing or putting up every such Hord or Fence which shall be so ordered and directed by the said Justices, and the Amount of the said Expences shall and may be recovered in like Manner as Penalties are recoverable by this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons whomsoever who For putting have already caused to be taken down, or partly taken down, or who at P Fences to any Time or Times hereafter shall take down, or begin to take down, any Par^jUe, Jd' House or other Building whatsoever within the said Town, or cause the gepai" &c. same to be so done, or who shall alter, or repair, or begin to alter or

repair the outward or external Part or Parts of any such House or other Building, or cause the same to be so done, shall, and they are hereby respectively required, to cause One or more proper and sufficient Hord or Fence, or Hords or Fences, to be erected and set up to guard all such Houses Mid other Buildings, and the Foundations of the same from the Street, Square, Lane, Passage, or Public Place, in which the same may be situate, and shall continue such Hord or Fence, or Hords or Fences, standing and in good Condition during such Time as may be necessary for the Public Safety, and shall light, or cause the same to be well and sufficiently lighted during the Night, so as to prevent Accidents; and if any such Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to erect and set up any such Hord or Fence, or Hords or Fences as aforesaid, or shall not continue the same standing and in good Condition during the Time aforesaid, or shall not, whilst the said Fences or Hords are standing, keep the same sufficiently lighted in the Night, then and in any of the said Cases, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds j and in case of a Refusal or Neglect on the Part of such Person or Persons to fence, guard, and light such Houses, Buildings, and Foundations, as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Mayor for the Time being of the said Borough, at the Expence of the Corporation of Liverpool aforesaid, to cause any such Houses, Buildings, and Foundations, to be well and sufficiently fenced in, or the Fence or Hord already erected and set up to be well and sufficiently repaired as the Case shall require, and such Fence or Hord to be continued, and during its Continuance to be lighted as aforesaid, and the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting shall, on Demand, pay all the Charges and Expences of such fencing, repairing, and lighting; and in case of Non-payment, the same shall and may be recovered in like Manner as Penalties are recoverable by this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case, from unavoidable Neces- *ForApre-jent" sky, which may sometimes occur, any Bricks, Stones, Timber, Mortar, arL^from' Rubbish, Materials, or other Things, shall be laid or placed, or any Building Hole, Opening, or Excavation of any Nature or Kind soever, shall be J; Iateria, s or

3 5 made

254 P GEORGII IV. Cap. xHi.

made in any of the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Passages, or Public Places, within the said Town, the Person or Persons causing the said Articles or Materials to be so laid or placed, or the said Hole, or Opening, or Excavation, as aforesaid, to be made, shall, at his, her, or their own Expence, cause a Light to be fixed in or near the same, for securing Passengers from Accidents, and continue such Light every Night, from Sun-setting to Sun-rising, during the Time such Materials, Hole, Opening, or Excavation shall remain; and such Person or Persons shall, at his, her, or their own Expence, cause such Materials or other Things, and such Hole, Opening, or Excavation, to be well and sufficiently fenced and inclosed, until the Materials or other Things shall be removed, or the Hole, Opening, or Excavation filled up; and in case such Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to light, fence, and inclose such Articles, Materials, Hole, Opening, or Excavation, as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall, for each Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each and every Day or Night such Nuisance shall be continued.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to sanction or authorize the laying or placing of any Articles or Materials, or the making of any Hole, Opening, or Excavation, in any of the Public Streets or Thoroughfares within the said Town, or in any respect to affect the Liability of any Person or Persons, to be proceeded against under and by virtue of the said recited Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for the Penalty incurred for an Obstruction in the said Streets or Thoroughfares, save only where such Obstruction may be authorized by Law, or where the actual Necessity of the Case may appear to justify the Party; the Existence of which Necessity shall and may be judged of and decided by the Justice of the Peace before whom any Complaint or Information may be laid under the said recited Act.

Not to prevent Persons being proceeded against under Act 26 G. 3. for an Obstruction, &c.

Penalty for

XVIII. And whereas a very mischievous Practice has prevailed of late destroying or Years of damaging and destroying the Trees, Plants, Shrubs, Rails, and

TreeToT th" other Wol'ks ’

in the Public Gardens, Walks, Squares, and Streets, within Ratk or the said Town; be it therefore enacted, That if any Person or Persons other Arti- shall wilfully break, destroy, or otherwise damage or spoil any of the

cles, in the Trees, Plants, or Shrubs, or any of the Rails, Pales, Seats, Steps, or

publicWalks, Other Art; cleSi

in any of the present or future Public Walks, Gardens, Streets.* r Squares, Streets, Buildings, or Public Places, within the said Town, he, she, or they, shall not only pay the Amount of the Damage incurred, but shall also forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each Offence; and such Amount of Damage shall and may be ascertained by the Justice before whom any Information may be laid for the Offence, and, with the said Penalty, shall be recoverable in like Manner as any Penalties may be recovered under this Act.

Penalty for dragging Ships’ Anchors along the Streets or Quays.

XIX. And whereas the Mode frequently adopted of removing Ships' Anchors, by dragging the same along the Dock Quays, and other Streets, within the said Town, is very injurious to the Pavement of the same; be it therefore enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall hereafter remove any Anchor of any Ship or Vessel, or cause the same to be removed, without being carried in a Cart or slung in a Wheel Carriage, so i as

255

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xiii.

as not to touch the Surface of the Ground, the Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each Offence, to be levied and recovered as other Penalties are recoverable by this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall here- Penalty for after erect, or cause any Windmill to be erected, within the Distance of wSmlls Fifty Yards from any present or future Street, Public Road, or Public w, thjn Fifty Square, within the said Town, under the Penalty of Five Pounds for each Yards from and every Day such Windmill shall continue: Provided always, that theF^nt nothing herein contained shall be construed to render legal the Erection or Continuance of any Windmill in any Part of the said Town, in any Case

where, by the Common Law, such Windmill shall be a Public or Private Nuisance.

XXI. And whereas by the said recited Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, the Common Council of the said Town were authorized and empowered to contract and agree for the Purchase of such Lands or Grounds within the Liberties of the said Town as they should judge proper, to be appropriated to the Purpose of building Slaughtering-houses thereon, and all Persons whatsoever were thereby authorized to convey and assure such Lands or Grounds unto the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of Liverpool aforesaid, and their Successors for ever, in order that the same might be sold or let for the sole Purpose of erecting thereon Buildings for the killing and dressing of Beasts; or that the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses might have themselves the Power of erecting such Buildings, or any of them, at their own Option, and of demising or selling the same for the said Purpose; from which Period it was enacted, that no Beast or Cattle should be killed or dressed elsewhere in the said Town, save in the same Buildings, under a certain Penalty therein specified: And whereas the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, have not as yet been enabled to carry into effect the building of the said Slaughtering-houses: And whereas the Practice of bringing unsound Carcases and unwholesome Butchers’ Meat to the said Town for Sale has of late Years greatly increased, and is become very injurious to the Public; and it would be attended with very salutary Effects, and tend very much to the Prevention of such a Practice, and — to the Comforts and Health of the Inhabitants of the said Town, if the Slaughtering-houses within the same were from Time to Time inspected,

and proper Regulations adopted respecting the same, and respecting the Removal of the Filth and Offal therefrom:Be it therefore enacted, That Power to the it shall be lawful for the Mayor of the said Town for the Time being, or Mayor of his Deputy, or for the Inspector of the said Markets, from Time to Time Llv^rP°°I» appointed, under the Authority of the said Mayor, and they or either of spector "f them, are and is hereby authorized and empowered, at all Times in the Markets, the Day or Night, with or without any Servants or Assistants, to enter f° enter and into and inspect any House or Place kept or used for the slaughtering or on1‘pecht killing of Cattle, Swine, or Beast of any Kind, within the said Town, by houses l&c. any Person or Persons whatever, and also any Building, Shed, Yard, or Place belonging thereto, such House or Place not being the actual Dwelling House of any Person, and then and there to examine, search for, and see if any .Cattle, Swine, or other Beast, or the Carcases of

any

256

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xiii.

any such, is or are deposited, or have been brought there; and in case the said Mayor or his Deputy, or such Inspector as aforesaid, shall find any Cattle, Swine, or other Beast, or the Carcases or Part of the Carcase of any such which shall appear to be unsound or unwholesome, or not fit for the Food of Man, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor for the Time being, or his Deputy, or such Inspector as aforesaid, to seize, take, and carry away, or direct the same to be seized, taken, and carried away by any Servant, Assistant or Assistants, for the Purpose of being further inspected and examined by competent Persons, according to the usual Course and Practice heretofore adopted in the said Town; and in case, upon such Inspection and Examination, such Cattle, Swine, Beast, or Carcase, or Part of a Carcase, shall be found, and declared to be unsound or unwholesome, or not fit for the Food of Man, the same shall and may be immediately burnt or destroyed; and in case the Owner or Owners, or Occupier or Occupiers of any such House or Place, kept or used for the slaughtering or killing of Cattle, Swine, or other Beast, or of any Building, Shed, Yard, or Place, belonging thereto, or any other Person or Persons shall refuse, obstruct, or hinder the said Mayor, or his Deputy, or such Inspector, as aforesaid, from entering into and inspecting the same, and examining, seizing, taking, carrying away, or destroying any such Carcase, or Part of a Carcase, which shall so appear, and be found and declared to be unsound and unwholesome, or unfit for the Food of Man, every such Owner or Occupier, or Person or Persons so offending, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each Offence.

Justices in

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Sessions to and for the Justices of the Peace of the said Borough, assembled at any fortheClean- General Quarter Sessions to be holden for the said Borough, or at any liness and Adjournment thereof from Time to Time, to make such Rules, Bye Laws, Regulation and Orders, as to them may seem proper for the Preservation of Clean-of Slaughter- Jiness in, and the better Regulation and Management of all Places what-tafij^Penal- soever within the said Town, now used or to be used for the Purpose of tiM. or as Slaughtering-houses, and also to fix and appoint such pecuniary

Penalties for the Non-observance or Non-performance of such Rules, Bye Laws, and Orders, as the said Justices may think just and reasonable, not exceeding Five Pounds for any one Offence, to be recovered as other Penalties are recoverable by this Act; and it shall and may be lawfu’ to and for the said Justices, so assembled as aforesaid, from Time to Time to make any Alterations in or Additions to such Rules, Bye Laws, and Orders, as Occasion may require, or as may be by them considered expedient and proper; which said Rules, Bye Laws, and Orders, being reduced into Writing, shall be binding upon and observed by all Persons using or in any ways concerned in any such Slaughtering-houses, and shall be sufficient in any Court of Law or Equity to justify all Persons who shall act under the same, provided they be not inconsistent with or repugnant to the Laws of this Realm, or to the Provisions and Directions in the said recited Act or this Act contained, or any of them; and Copies of such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, shall be written or printed in large Characters, and be affixed and continued in the Town Hall, and in some conspicuous Place in every such Slaughtering-house, and Tenewed as often as the same shall be obliterated or defaced.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xni. 257

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Place shall hereafter be No Slaugh-used or occupied for the Purpose of or as a Slaughtering-house, within the said Town, which has not been so used previous to the passing of erected with-this Act, or which may not have been erected under and by virtue of the out a Licence Power and Authority contained in the said recited Act of the Twenty- obtained sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, without a Licence for that justices*^ Purpose first had, which Licence the Justices of the Peace assembled at sessions, any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said Borough, or any Two of them, shall have Power and Authority to grant, upon Application for that Purpose to them made in open Court; and in case any Person or Persons shall use as or for the Purpose of a Slaughtering-house, any Place within the said Town not heretofore used as such, or not erected under the Power contained in the said recited Act, without having first obtained such Licence as aforesaid, such Person or Persons so offending shall for each Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the several Slaughter-Slaughter-houses at present used within the said Town shall, within houses to be Three Months from and after the passing of this Act, be registered by regls ere the respective Owners or Proprietors thereof at the Town Clerk’s Office,

under the Penalty of a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and that in case any such Slaughter-houses shall be discontinued, the same shall not be again used as such without a Licence having been first duly taken out as herein-before mentioned with regard to any new Slaughter-houses to be hereafter set up, under the Penalty of a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXV. And whereas the Borough and Parish of Liverpool aforesaid, Boundaries adjoin on the South Side thereof to the Township of Toxteth Park, on between the East Side to the Township of West Derby, and on the East and North- *risl1 of east to the Township of Everton: And whereas between the said Borough an^Town-and Parish and the said Townships of Toxteth Park and West Derby, ships of certain Streets have been formed as Boundary Streets, and a certain Toxteth Park, Street has also been formed between the said Borough and Parish and ^Everton' the said Township of Everton, as far as the South End of a Garden of " r n‘ John Lightbody Esquire, situated at the Back of a certain Place called Birchfield, in Liverpool, aforesaid; but the actual Division between the said Borough and Parish and the said Townships, runs in many Places in the said Streets in very irregular Lines, and it would be very beneficial to the Inhabitants of the said Borough and Parish and Townships respectively, and tend much to the Prevention of Disputes and Differences, if the Boundaries between the same were defined and ascertained, and in some Places in a trifling Degree straightened, changed, and altered, and if such Boundaries were precisely declared and specified in this present Act; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing this Act the Southern Boundary between the said Borough and Parish and the said Township of Toxteth Park, shall be and be considered as the South Side of Parliament Street and of Upper Parliament Street, as far as lineable with the East Side of a certain Street called Crown Street; that the Eastern Boundary between the said Borough and Parish and the Township of West Derby aforesaid, shall be and be considered as the [Local.'] 3 T East

258

Jurisdiction of Justices and Coroners of Borough within such Boundaries.

Certain Proportions of Pavement to be kept in re-

pairby Town-ships of Tox-teth Park and West Derby.

1° GEORGII IV. Cajw.xiii.

East Side of the said Street called Crown Street, running between Upper Parliament Street aforesaid, and Pembroke Place, the Line of a certain ancient Ditch or Watercourse between Pembroke Place and London Road, at the Distance of Six Feet Eastwardly, from the present Walls of the Yards or Inclosures of the Houses there, and the East Side of a certain Street called Moss Street, which runs between the London Road and Upper Islington; and that the North-eastern Boundary between the said Borough and Parish, and the Township of Evert on aforesaid, shall be the Northeast Side of a certain Street called or intended to be called Carver Street, which runs at the Back of and in a parallel Direction with Upper Islington aforesaid, as far as the South End of the Garden of the said John Light-body; which said Boundaries are more particularly delineated on a Plan, and Two Duplicates of the same, which have been signed by the Mayor and Bailiffs of the said Borough, by the Surveyors of the Highways of the Parish of Liverpool aforesaid, and by the respective Surveyors of the Highways of the said Townships of Toxteth Park, West Derby, and Everton; one of which Plans shall be deposited amongst the Records of the Corporation of Liverpool aforesaid, another in the Parish Church of Saint Nicholas, and the Third in the Parish Church of Walton on the Hill, in which Parish the said Townships of Toxteth Park, West Derby, and Everton, are situate; and which said Plans, or any of them, shall and may be produced upon all Occasions as Evidence of the respective Boundaries herein-before defined between the said Borough and Parish of Liverpool, and the said Townships of Toxteth Park, West Derby, and Everton, respectively.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the Borough and Parish of Liverpool aforesaid, on the said South, and on the East and North-east Sides thereof, shall be and be considered as comprized within the Limits and Boundaries herein-before specified; and that the Justices of the Peace and Coroners of the said Borough of Liverpool, shall have Jurisdiction, Power, and Authority over all Offences, Matters, and Things cognizable before them, which may happen or occur within such Limits or Boundaries; and that Birth or Servitude within such Limits or Boundaries shall be and be considered as entitling Persons to the Freedom of the said Borough if otherwise legally entitled thereto; and that for all Matters and Things which may so happen or occur within the said Limits or Boundaries, and for which the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Liverpool were heretofore answerable or liable within the said Parish, the said Inhabitants shall be answerable and liable, save only as far as relates to the Liability of the said Inhabitants to the Repair of certain Parts or Portions of the said several Boundary Streets now made as herein-after specified.

XXVII. And whereas in consequence of the Division or Boundary between the said Borough and Parish, and the said Townships of Toxteth Park, West Derby, and Everton, having heretofore run in an irregular Line, the Liability to the Repairs of the said Boundary Streets has in some Instances extended only to one Side of the same; and it would be much more convenient and advantageous to the respective Townships and to the said Borough and Parish, and the Pavement of the said Streets would be much better and more effectually done if the Liability of the

* 4 said

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. xiii. 259

said Townships to the Repairs and paving of the said Streets were extended so as to comprize both Sides of the same within certain Limits therein, such Limits not containing more superficial Yards than those which the said Townships would respectively be liable to pave and repair in a different Direction in or on one Side only of the said Streets; be it therefore enacted, That the Parts or Portions herein-after specified of the said Street called Upper Parliament Street, so made as aforesaid, between the said Borough and Parish, and the Township of Toxteth Park aforesaid, the Pavement of which hath been already completed, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be repaired and repairable by the Inhabitants of the said Township of Toxteth Park, notwithstanding the same are situate within the said Parish of Liverpool, that is to say, Twenty-two thousand four hundred Square Yards, commencing from the East Side of a certain Street called or intended to be called Windsor Street, and extending to the East Side of the said Street called Crown Street; and that the Parts or Portions herein-after specified of the said Streets so made between the said Borough and Parish and the Township of West Derby aforesaid, shall, from and after the Completion of the Pavement of the said Streets, by such Persons or Parties as are now liable thereto by Law, or under any Agreement entered into, be repaired and repairable by the Inhabitants of the said Township of West Derby, notwithstanding the same are situate within the said Borough and Parish of Liverpool, that is to say,

Sixteen thousand Square Yards, commencing from the North Side of Upper Parliament Street aforesaid, and extending from thence Northwardly as far as the North Side of the Continuation of Oxford Street \ and that One thousand two hundred and eighty-eight Square Yards of the said Street called Carver Street, commencing from the East End of the same, shall, from and after the Completion of the Pavement of the same, by such Persons or Parties as are now liable thereto by Law, or under any Agreement entered into, be repaired and repairable by the Inhabitants of the Township of Everton aforesaid, notwithstanding the same are situate within the said Parish of Liverpool; and that all Proceedings at Law touching or concerning the Repairs of the respective Parts or Portions of the said Streets above specified, by the Inhabitants of the said Townships of Toxteth Park, West Derby, and Everton aforesaid, may be had and prosecuted against such Inhabitants respectively, in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes as if such Parts or Portions of such Streets were situate within the respective Townships of Toxteth Park, West Derby, and Everton aforesaid; and that in all such legal Proceedings as aforesaid, in anywise relating to the Repairs of the Parts or Portions of such Streets respectively, such Parts or Portions may, for the Purposes of such Proceedings, be stated and laid to be situate within the respective Townships, the Inhabitants of which are hereby declared to be liable to the Repairs thereof; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And whereas by the said recited Act of the Twenty-sixth Method of Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, the Mayor and any One Justice proceeding of the Peace of the said Town, or any Two Justices of the Peace of the "P"51 of' same, were authorized and empowered to hear and determine any Com- fenders' plaint or Information exhibited before them, and to give Judgment or Sentence thereupon, and to award and issue out Warrants, under their Hands and Seals respectively, for the levying of such Forfeitures and

Penalties

2(50

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xiii.

Penalties as were by the said Act imposed upon the Goods and Chattels of any Person or Persons offending:And whereas it would be attended with Convenience to the Public if such Complaints or Informations were authorized to be heard and determined before any One of the Justices of the Peace of the said Borough; be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as relates to the Proceeding against Offenders before the Mayor and any One Justice of the Peace of the said Borough, or before Two Justices of the Peace of the same, and so much of the said Act as contains the Form of Conviction thereon, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

Recovery of

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing Penalties. Qf this Act, as well the several Penalties by the said recited Act and by this Act imposed, as the Penalties and Forfeitures to be incurred by the Non-performance or Non-observance of the several Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, authorized to be made by the said recited Act and by this Act, shall and may be sued for and recovered by any Person whatsoever, within Three Calendar Months from the Day on which any Offence may be committed, by Information and Complaint before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Borough of Liverpool; and such Penalties, with Costs, to be fixed by such Justice, shall, upon Conviction of the respective Offenders, be levied on their Goods and Chattels by Warrant, under the Hand and Seal of such Justice; and in case such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith upon Conviction, then it shall and may be lawful for such Jusdce to order the Offender or Offenders so convicted to be detained in safe Custody, until Return can be conveniently made to such Warrant or Distress, unless the same Offender or Offenders shall give a sufficient Security, to the Satisfaction of such Justice, for his or their Appearance before him, on such Day or Days as shall be appointed for the Return of such Warrant of Distress, such Day or Days not being more than Five Days from the Time of taking any such Security, and which Security the said Justice is hereby empowered to take by way of Recognizance or otherwise; but if, upon the Return of such Warrant, it shall appear that no sufficient Distress can be had thereupon, then such Offender or Offenders shall be committed by such Justice to the Common Gaol of the said Borough, there to remain for such Space of Time, not exceeding Six Calendar Months, as such Justice shall fix and appoint; and each Conviction under the said recited Act, or under this Act, shall be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect; videlicet,

; Borough of Liverpool'i r>E it remembered, That on the Day

, ‘he Year of our Lord

‘ A.B. is convicted before me C.D. One

1 of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Borough, [specifying the Offence, and Time and Place when and where the same was committed, as the Case may be], and I do adjudge him, her, or them to pay and forfeit for the same the Sum of

Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year aforesaid. '

And all such Penalties shall, when levied, be paid and applied as follows; videlicet, On Half thereof to the Informer, and the other Half to the Poor of the Parish of Liverpool aforesaid.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xiii. 261

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Common Council for the Time being of the said Town shall omit to widen, improve, or lay open any of the said Streets or Passages mentioned in the limited Time, said recited Act, or in the Schedule to this Act annexed, for the Space of Twenty Years from the passing of this Act, such Streets or Passages so omitted to be widened, improved, or laid open, shall not thereafter be widened, improved, or laid open, without the previous Consent in Writing of the Owners and Persons interested in any of the Houses, Buildings,

Lands, and Premises, by the said recited Act, or this Act, directed to be converted to the said Purposes j any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any Body or Appeal., Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any other Person or Persons, thinking himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Order, Judgment, or Determination, made or given by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in: pursuance of this or the said recited Act, or of any Bye Law, Rule, Order,

> or Regulation made by virtue thereof, or by any other Matter or Thing

made or done in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, may, within Three Calendar Months after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at some General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said Borough, the Party or Parties appealing first giving Ten Days Notice at least of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter and Cause thereof, to the Party or Parties against whom such Appeal shall be made, or whose \ Interests may be affected by such Appeal, and within Three Days after

such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the said , r Borough, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal,

h and to abide the Order and Award of the Court thereon; and the said.

R Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice and Recogni-

zance having' been given and entered into as aforesaid, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Cause and Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and to make such Order therein, and to award such Costs to either of the Parties, or otherwise, as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the said Justices may also order such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they shall judge reasonable, and all such Orders and Determinations of the said Justices, shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Parties, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases wherein it may Directing

be requisite or necessary for any Person or Persons, or Party or Parties, what shall be to serve any Notice or Notices upon the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Common deemed a Council, or any Writ or Writs, or other legal Proceedings, the Service Notice &c. upon the Mayor and Bailiffs of the said Borough for the Time being, or on the Cor-any of them, either personally or to be left at their or any of their re- poration. spective last or usual Places of Abode, or upon the Treasurer or Town Clerk for the Time being, either personally or to be left at their respective Offices in the Town Hall, shall be deemed good and sufficient Service of the same on the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Common Council.

[Local.'] 3 U

XXXIII. And.

262

Powers of recited Act in force, except where repealed by this.

[Public Act.]

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xiii.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Provisoes, Clauses, Matters, and Things in the said recited Act contained, except so far as the same, or any of them, are varied or altered by this present Act, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be in full Force.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

The

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xin.

The SCHEDULE referred to by the foregoing Act.

NORTH SIDE OF CHAPEL STREET.

Four Houses belonging to the Co-heiresses of the late John Williamson Esquire, in the Occupation of Joseph Parry, John Shapter, John Corkhill, and Ann Jones. A House belonging to Mrs. Elizabeth Williamson, in the Occupation of Peter Abraham. Three Houses belonging to Birch Miles, in the Occupation of himself, Edward Miles, and Robert Bond.

SOUTH SIDE OF CHAPEL STREET.

Two Houses belonging to Dorothy Jump, in the Occupation of herself and Philip Harvey. A House belonging to and in the Occupation of Mary Tuohy. A House belonging to William Lewis, in the Occupation of James Davies. A House belonging to John Wright Esquire, in the Occupation of Hugh Griffiths. Three Houses belonging to Thomas Booth* in the Occupation of Margaret Farrier, Agnes Benson, and Edward Evans.

NORTH SIDE OF TYTHEBARN STREET.

A House and Warehouse belonging to-Martin, Surgeon, in the

Occupation of John Field and Stephen Dexter. Five Houses belonging to the Corporation of Liverpool, in the Occupation of Frances Hall, Edward Bartley, Alice Roberts, Richard Wood, and Thomas Powell. Two Shops belonging to John Pennington, in the Occupation of John and William Bate and William Tomlinson. Two Houses belonging to William. Woods, Executor of the late Mary Lloyd, in the Occupation of James Parry and William Smith. Three Houses belonging to William MTver, in the Occupation of Thomas Woolley, Charles Rudd, and John Brown. A Warehouse belonging to and in the Occupation of James Blundell. A Warehouse belonging to John Brown, and in the Occupation of Thomas Brown. Soap Works, Shop, and Building, belonging to William MTver, in the Occupation of James Jennings. A House belonging to Thomas Derbyshire, in the Occupation of Edward Weston. A House belonging to Isaac Brown, in the Occupation of Peter Scallion. A House belonging to the Executors of Elizabeth Bromilow, in the Occupation of Samuel Prosser. A House belonging to Clone, in the Occupation of Mary Bromley.

SOUTH

264

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xiii.

SOUTH SIDE OF TYTHEBARN STREET.

An Iron Foundery and Smith’s Shop belonging to and in the Occupation of John Cragg; and Eight Dwelling Houses, in the Occupation of Richard Wrigley and Son, Elizabeth Bower, Ellen Parkinson, Thomas Buttler, Elizabeth Hill, Mary Mead, Samuel Joynson, Samuel Bailey, and Andrew Smith. Six Houses belonging to Thomas Banister, in the Occupation of Constance Gleave, Phoebe Levi, John Tucker, James Banister, Thomas Bainbridge, and Mary Summers. Four Houses belonging to Lucy Eaton, in the Occupation of George Seddon, George Jones, Joseph Powell, and John Lain. Six Houses belonging to William Gibson, in the Occupation of James Brown, Thomas Thomas, Arthur Cooper, John Hughes, John Reed, and Jonathan Beckett. Three Houses belonging to the Executors of the late William Houlston, in the Occupation of James Cunny, William Sadler, and George Pilkington. A House belonging to William Whitlow, in the Occupation of William Duckworth. A House belonging to and in the Occupation of Ann Gould. A House belonging to William Winstanley, in the Occupation of John Greenup. A House belonging to Ann Ball, in the Occupation of John Walton. A House belonging to John Moston, in the Occupation of John Bradey. A House belonging to Henry Welsby, in the Occupation of John M‘Cray. A House belonging to Isaac Harrison, in the Occupation of John Edwards. Three Houses belonging to Lucy Eaton, in the Occupation of Isaac Stagg, Dennis Monothon, and William Jones. A House and Warehouse belonging to Peter Newton, in the Occupation of Charles Lawton and Thomas Newton. House and Workshop belonging to Joseph Cleworth, in the Occupation of himself and George Thomas. Five Houses belonging to Robert Knowles, in the Occupation of Hugh Haggo, Thomas Forshaw, Samuel Webster, Edward Jones, and Robert Simcock. Two Houses belonging to’Mrs.Waring, in the Occupation of Jennet Ovington and John Roberts. A House belonging to Richard Smith, in the Occupation of Richard Bovet. Two Houses belonging to John Bryars, in the Occupation of Peter Lawrenson and William Roberts, A House and Shop belonging to John Perry, in the Occupation of himself and George Robson. A House belonging to Mrs. Bird, in the Occupation of John Jones. A House, Shippon, and Smithy, belonging to John Leigh Esquire, and in the Occupation of Andrew Graham and Ralph Tittle. A House belonging to William Hignett, in the Occupation of John Cassin. A Warehouse belonging to Morris and Hignett, and in their own Occupation. A House belonging to John Widowson, in the Occupation of John Burden. A Warehouse belonging to William and Thomas Tomlinson, in the Occupation of William Hignett and Thomas Morris. A Warehouse and Workshop belonging to Thomas Lea, in the Occupation of Hignett and Morris, and Lea and Woods. A House and Brewhouse belonging to William Ewart, unoccupied. A House at the Back belonging to John Simpson, and in the Occupation of Margaret Forshaw.

WEST

1* GEORGII IV. Cap. xiii.

265

WEST SIDE OF OLD HALL STREET.

A House and Offices belonging to the Representatives of the late Sarah Kirkes, in the Occupation of Godfrey Barnsley. Office belonging to the Representatives of the late Charles Clements. A House and Warehouse belonging to Matthew Gregson, in the Occupation of Isabella Brown and Edward Unsworth. A House belonging to Thomas Wilson, in the Occupation of Roger Walton and others. A House belonging to William Tyrer, in the Occupation of Mary Highfield. Two Houses belonging to John Rowland, in the Occupation of Edward Rowland and James Gregory. Two Houses belonging to William Tyrer, in the Occupation of himself and John Wilkinson. A House belonging to Edward Falkner, in the Occupation of Mary Mawdsley. A House and Warehouse belonging to and in the Occupation of John Davies. Two Houses belonging to John Hargreaves, in the Occupation of Thomas Webster and John Williams.

1 A House belonging to and in the Occupation of Betty Robinson Gerrard.

Three Houses belonging to the Earl of Derby, in Lease to the Reverend Thomas Moss. Five Houses belonging to the Earl of Derby, in Lease to Sarah Carter. Two Houses belonging to William Maher and Sisters, in the Occupation of Patrick Duffey and Ann Gilpin. A House belonging to the Earl of Derby, in the Occupation of Margaret Pritchard* A House and Buildings belonging to the Earl of Derby, in the Occupation of Mrs. Ann Grundy, and others. A House belonging to Miss M‘Kee, in the Occupation of Ann Boothman. A House belonging to Robert Duncan, in the Occupation of James Hawthorne. Two Houses:belonging to Ellen Rimmer, in the Occupation of herself and John Potts.

1 Two Houses belonging to Elizabeth Williamson, in the Occupation of

Elisha Over and Catherine Wright. One House belonging to Thomas 5 Ashley, in the Occupation of Elizabeth Moreton. A House belonging

to and in the Occupation of Richard Howard. A House belonging to I the Executors of James Barton, in the Occupation of George Highfield.

Two Houses belonging to the Reverend John Penketh Buee, in the Occupation of Henry Roughsedge, and Thomas Chambers. Three Houses belonging to Thomas Knowles, in the Occupation of himself, Ann Edwards, and John Roberts. A House belonging to Thomas Bonner, and in the Occupation of Rd. and Daniel Jones. A House belonging to the Devizees in Trust of the late William Lightbody Esquire, and in the Occupation of Messieurs Jones and Thompson. Two Houses belonging to Mistress Anna Nelson, in the Occupation of Francis Brittlebank and George Bullin. A House belonging to Messieurs Gladstone and Paten, in the Occupation of Daniel Smith. A Coal Yard belonging to and in the Occupation of John Clarke.

NORTH SIDE OF WATER STREET.

A Warehouse belonging to Joseph Leay, in the Occupation of G. M. Woolsey and Company. A House belonging to William Woods, in the Occupation of John Mann. Four Houses belonging to Mrs. Elinor Drinkwater, in the Occupation of Mary Coates, George Bark, Richard Finlow, George Ashby Pritt, and Philip Kewley. Two Houses belonging to Thomas Molyneux Esquire, in the Occupation of John Boardman, [Local.1 3 X John

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xm.

John Owen, Richard Finlow, Edward Rawlinson, and others. Three Houses belonging to Edward Led ward, in the Occupation of himself, Walter Lloyd, and Elijah Airey.

EAST SIDE OF MOORFIELDS.

Four Houses belonging to John Hall Carver, in the Occupation of Charles Shaw, Sarah Hollimin, William Roberts, and Matthew Simmonds. Four Houses belonging to Rice Roberts, in the Occupation of John Scar-rett, Jane Edgar, John Evans, and Robert Roberts. A House belonging to Matthew Thompson, in the Occupation of William Atkinson. A House belonging to John Burns, in the Occupation of James M‘Avoy. A House belonging to Edward Harrison, in the Occupation of Stephen Campbell. A House belonging to Timothy Lyon, in the Occupation of Daniel Doharty. A House belonging to and in the Occupation of Richard Cropper. Three Houses belonging to Rice Roberts, in the Occupation of John Scott, James Cox, and Daniel Wossell. Three Houses belonging to Thomas Slingsby, in the Occupation of John Wilding and Mary Pritchard, and one untenanted. Two Houses belonging to Mrs. King, in the Occupation of John Joseph and Daniel Bryan. Four Houses belonging to the Executors of John Houghton, in the Occupation of Ann Simmonds, William Hivey, William Anderson, and another. Two Houses belonging to-. Wright, in the Occupation of Benjamin Gill and Thomas Proctor. Two Houses, Smithy, and Workshop, belonging to Alexander Armstrong Day, in the Occupation of Rice Price, Rebecca Callan, and John Evans. Two Houses belonging to William Quilliam, in the Occupation of William Dodd and John Lunn. Two Houses belonging to Margaret Stephenson, in the Occupation of James Smith and William Davis. Five Houses belonging to Harvey Wright, in the Occupation of William M'Combe, Mary Spencer, George Borrows, Ann Evans, and Richard Hughes. A House belonging to Daniel Almond, in the Occupation of James Travis. A House belonging to David Wright, in the Occupation of Elizabeth M'Dowall.

OLD HAYMARKET AND WHITECHAPEL.

A House or Shop belonging to Thomas Brown, in the Occupation of Thomas Luccock. Timber Yard and Passage belonging to Thomas Thompson, in the Occupation of Robert Hodson, and a Stable and Building at the Top belonging to and in the Occupation of James Wareing. A Shop belonging to Thomas Luccock, and in his own Occupation; another Shop belonging to Thomas Luccock, in the Occupation of Benjamin Hallows. Two Houses belonging to the Executors of the late Henry Mercer, in the Occupation of Edward Jones and Mary Sutton. A House belonging to John Ball, in the Occupation of Thomas Luccock.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’3 most Excellent Majesty. 1820.

Cap. xiv.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His late Majesty's Reign, for amending the Road leading out of the Highway from Wigan to Golborn and Warrington, into the Road from Wigan to Ashton, in Ashton in Mackerfield, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[22d June 1820.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign

of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act 40G. 3. C. 73. for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the Road leading out of the common Highway from Wigan to Golborn and Warrington, near the northerly End of the southerly Platt Bridge in Ince in Mackerfield, by Bamferlong, into the Turnpike Road from Wigan to Ashton, in Ashton in Mackerfield, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, which said Act commenced and took effect on the Twentieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred, and was to continue and be in force for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Act have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls by the said Act authorized to be taken on the said Road, which Money still remains due and owing, and cannot be paid oft ', or the Interest thereof discharged, nor can the said Road be properly and effectually amended, widened, improved,

I [IfpcaQ 3 T and

270

' i<

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xiv.

and kept in Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered, amended, and enlarged; but the Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assem-Act further bled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, and all continued, and every the Tolls, Duties, Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained (except such as are varied, altered, or repealed), shall be and continue in full force and effect, and shall be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, in like Manner and as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Alterations, Variations, and Additions in this Act contained, and which shall commence and take effect immediately from and after the passing of this Act, and continue and be in force during the Term hereby granted; which said additional Term, and the Tolls, Duties, Powers, and Clauses, by this Act continued, shall be and are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said recited Act, and all other Money owing on account of the said Road, and also of such other Sum and Sums of Money as shall be borrowed for the Purposes or become due on the Credit of the said recited Act and of this Act, and the Interest due and to grow due for the same.

Additional

II. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Trustees. Peace acting in and for the said County Palatine of Lancaster, together with Roger Adamson, Roger Adamson the younger, John Armstrong, Robert Barlow Clerk, Isaac Blackburne, John Blackburne of Hawford, William Bone, John Bone, Johnson Bradshaw, Johnson Bradshaw Surgeon, Thomas Claughton, Robert Clough, Thomas Clough, James Clayton, Thomas Pennington Cookson, John Cook son, William Cunliffe, John Daxon, Richard Derbyshire, William Dixon, Joseph Downall, John Ellam, John Gerard the younger, William Gerard, Robert Gerard, James Fisher German, William German Henry Gough, Samuel Hall Clerk, Henry Hamer, James Harrison, Laurence Harris, John Hodson, John Holt, Robert Holt, James John Hornby Clerk, Geoffrey Hornby Clerk, Phipps Hornby, William Jackson, Thomas Legh, William Legh, Peter Legh, John Leigh, Hugh Leyland, John Peet, John Pennington Clerk, Abel Pennington, John Sedgwick Clerk, Henry Shaw, Edmund Sibson Clerk, Thomas Smith Clerk, William Smith, Thomas Stock, Thomas Tasker, John Tasker, James Lay lor, John Whitley the younger, Henry Worsley, Robert Worsley, and Henry Worsley the younger, shall be and they are hereby added to and joined with the surviving or remaining Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Act j and that the surviving or remaining Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Act, the said additional Trustees hereby nominated, and such other additional Trustees as shall or may be elected under or by virtue of this Act, and their Successors, to be elected in the Manner in the said recked Act mentioned, being qualified as this Act directs, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for putting the said recited Act and this Act in Execution.

T GEORGII IV. Cap.%iv. 2H

UI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall, Qu^'fic^°n be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of the said recited Act 0 ru"to,:

and this Act, whilst he holds any Place of Profit, or be concerned or interested in any Contract or Contracts under the said Act and this Act, or either of them, nor in any case wherein he shall be personally interested otherwise than as a Creditor; nor shall any Person be qualified to act as a Trustee, unless at the Time of his acting he shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits issuing out of Freehold or Copyhold Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear Yearly Value of Eighty Pounds above Reprizes; or shall be Heir Apparent to some Person having such Estate of the clear Yearly Value of One hundred Pounds; or be possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount of Three thousand Pounds j nor (except in administering the Oath or Affirmation herein-after mentioned) until he shall have taken and subscribed, before any Two or nipre of the said Trustees, an Oath, or being one of the People called Quakers, an Affirmation, in the Words or to the Effect following } (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear, (or, being one of the People called Quakers, do Oath,

* solemnly affirm], That I truly and bona fide am in my own Right

* [or, in the Right of my Wife,] in the actual Possession and Enjoyment ‘ or Receipt of Rents and Profits issuing out of Freehold or Copyhold ‘ Lands, Tenements, qr Hereditaments, of the clear Yearly Value of Eighty

* Pounds above Reprizes [or, am possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or

* Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of Three ‘ thousand Pounds; or, am Heir Apparent of A.B. who, to the best of

* my Knowledge, is possessed of a Real Estate in Lands, Tenements, of

* Hereditaments, of the clear Yearly Value of One hundred Pounds.]

'So help me GOD.

And if any Person shall presume to act contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, every such Person shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall inform or sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or oil the Case, or by Rill, Plaint, Suit or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, nor more than oae Imparlance shjjll be allowed j and if the Person so prosecuted shall not prove that he is so qualified, he shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor, than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, or either of them; any thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding:Provided nevertheless, that all Acts and Proceedings of any Person or Persons acting as a Trustee or Trustees in the Execution of the said Act and this Act, or either of them (although not duly qualified), previously to his or their being convicted of the said Offence, shall, notwithstanding such -Conviction, , be as good, valid and effectual as if such Person or Persons had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to ap. Trustees, qr any Five or more of them, at their first Meeting to be holden Point in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act, or either of them, to Trua‘

elect

272

Krst Meeting of the

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xiv.

elect any additional Number of fit and proper Persons, not exceeding Ten in the whole, to be Trustees for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, and such Trustees so elected shall be and they are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing the said recited Act and this Act, as if they had been named and appointed Trustees in and by this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at the House known by the Sign of the Gerard Arms in Ashton in Mackerfield aforesaid on the Fourth Thursday next after the passing of this Act, between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, and proceed to the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, notwithstanding any Adjournment may then have been made by the Trustees by virtue of the said recited Act, and that the said Trustees shall and may adjourn themselves to meet at such Time and Place near the said Road as they shall think proper, and at every Meeting of the said Trustees a Chairman shall and may be appointed; and when and as often as it shall so happen that there shall be an Equality of Votes at any such Meeting upon any Question (including the Vote of the Chairman), then and in every such Case the Chairman shall have and he is hereby empowered to give the decisive or casting Vote.

Tickets to be

VI. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Tolls provided, de- granted by the said recited Act, the Collector or Receiver thereof shall "ent of Toll anc* *s ^ereby squired to deliver gratis to the Person paying such men o o . a ]sj0te or Ticket denoting such Payment; and which Note or Ticket shall be provided by the said Trustees; and there shall be printed and specified thereon the Names of the several and respective Gates freed by such Payment.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required, from Time to Time and at all Times during the Continuance of this Act, to order and direct a Book or Books to be provided and kept by their Clerk for the Time being, in which Book or Books such Clerk shall enter or cause to be entered true and regular Accounts of all Sums of Money received, paid, laid out and expended, for or on account of the said Road, and of the several Articles, Matters, and Things for which such Sums of Money shall have been disbursed, laid out and paid; which Book or Books shall at all seasonable Times be open to the Inspection of the said Trustees, or any Creditor or Creditors on the Tolls hereby granted or continued, without Fee or Reward; and the said Trustees and Creditors, or any of them, shall or may take Copies of or Extracts from the said Book or Books, or any Part or Parts thereof, without paying any thing for the same; and in case the said Clerk shall not permit, or shall refuse to permit the said Trustees or such Creditors to inspect the same, or take such Copies or Extracts as aforesaid, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied and recovered in Manner in the said recited Act mentioned.

Accounts to be kept of Receipts and Disbursements, which shall be open to the Inspection of the Trustees and Creditors.

clerk re-

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not .trained from be lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person who """K " has

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. xiv. 273

has been or may be appointed to act as their Clerk in the Execution of ^r*a.ure, the said recited Act and this Act, or either of them, or the Partner of any ^rs^lce such Clerk, the Treasurer for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, or either of them; or to continue or appoint the Person who has been or may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, the Clerk to the said Trustees for executing the said recited Act and this Act, or either of them; and if any Person shall act in both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, or either of them; or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer shall act as Clerk, in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, or either of them, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That nothing in the said recited Act Trustees not shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorize or empower the to administer said Trustees, or any of them, to administer any Oath or Oaths to any

Clerk, Treasurer, or Collector of the Tolls, Surveyor or other Officer or Accounts. Officers now appointed or hereafter to be appointed under or by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, or either of them, for the Purpose of verifying his or their Accounts; and that so much of the said recited Act as directs the said Accounts to be verified on Oath, and authorizes the said Trustees or any of them to administer such Oath, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Waggons, Carts, and other Abatement Carriages, having the Wheels of the Widths and Descriptions, and the certain Cases Axletrees, fixed as mentioned and set forth in and by an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to enable the Trustees of Turnpike Roads to abate the Tolls on Carnages, and to allow of their carrying extra Weights in certain Cases,

shall be allowed an Abatement of One-fourth Part of the Tolls by the said recited Act granted.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That Exemptions, none of the 'l olls by the said recited Act granted shall be demanded or

taken, for or in respect of any Carriage, Horse, Cattle or Beast, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying, on the same Day, Stones, Bricks, Timber, Gravel or other Materials for repairing of the said Road, or any Roads or public Bridges in the several Townships in which any Part of the said Road is situate; or Hay, Grass, Turnips, Potatoes or other Fodder, Straw, or Com in or out of the Straw, not sold or disposed of, or passing for that Purpose, but passing to be placed or laid up in the Buildings, or on the Premises of the Owners thereof, or for sowing therein; or for or in respect of any Carriage, Horse, Cattle or Beast, employed only in carrying or conveying, or going empty or unladen to carry and convey, or returning empty or unladen from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Compost, Ashes, or other Manure to be employed [Local.] 3 Z only

274

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xiv.

only in Husbandry, for manuring or improving Lands, and not for printing, dyeing, or other Purposes of Trade; or for any Horse or Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Watering-place, or going to be or returning from being shoed or farried, or employed in the ploughing, sowing, tilling, cultivating or stocking any Landjor Ground; or for or in respect of any Horse or Horses drawing any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, going to or returning from being repaired, or from any Occupier of Land going to or returning from his or her Farm or Farms; or from any Person going to or returning from his or her Parochial Church or Chapel; or from any Person going to or returning from his or her usual Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or attending the Funeral of any Person who shall die, and be buried in any or either of the said Townships, Parishes, Hamlets or Places; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting sick Persons, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horse, Beast, Cattle or Carriage of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying or returning from conveying the same; or for any Horse or Carriage attending His Majesty or any of the Royal Family; or for any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage attending any Soldiers on their March, or on Duty, or attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage whatsoever, or the Horse or Horses or other Cattle drawing the same, which shall be employed in conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, Commissariat, or other Public Stores, of, for, or belonging to His Majesty or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, or returning from attending them on such Occasions; or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise or Review, provided that such Persons are in the Uniforms of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemptions as aforesaid; or for any Horse, Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Passes, or returning from such Employment; or for any Horse, Cattle, Beast or Carriage, carrying or conveying any Person or Persons going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County Palatine of Lancaster on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the same, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this and the said recited Act.

Owners or

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or driving

cnria*«» in or caus‘n8 to driven any Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage pro-

thelSn^a vided for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or conveying any Ord* 7 nance.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xiv. 275

nance, Barrack, Commissariat, or other Public Stores, of or belonging tp Service, not His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, shall be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture for Overweight in any such Waggon, Wain, overweight. Part or other Carriage, or for being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen; but it shall be lawful for the Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, to put any Number of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in the said recited Act or this Act to thq contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be ii: fi^i; th^r enabled, That all and every Toll Collector ap- TollCollec-pointed either by die said Trustees, or by any Lessee or Lessees under tors to put up them, to collect the Tolls payable at any Turnpike or Toll Gate to be their Names, continued or erected by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, or either of them, shall be and is hereby require^ to place his Christian and Surname, painted on a Board in legible Characters, in the Front or on some other conspicuous Part of the Toil Housp or Toll Gate, immediately after coming on Duty, each of the Letters of such Name to be at least One Inch in Length, and of a Breadth in proportion, and painted either in White Letters on a Black Ground, or Black Letters on a White Ground, and shall continue the same so placed during the whole Time he shall be upon such Duty; and if any Collector of the said Tolls shall not place such Board as aforesaid, and keep the same there during the time aforesaid, or shall demand or take a greater or less Toll from any Person or Persons than he shall be authorized to do by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act and this Act, or either of them, or shall demand or take a Toll from any Person or Persons who shall be exempt from the Payment thereof, and claim such Exemption, or shall refuse to permit or suffer, or shall in anywise hinder any Person or Persons from reading such Christian or Surname, or shall refuse to tell his Christian or Surname to any Person or Persons who shall demand the same, on having been paid the said Tolls, or any of them, or shall give a false Name or Names on such Demand, or shall refuse or neglect to deliver a Ticket, gratis, denoting the Payment of the Toll, and naming and specifying the several Gates freed by such Payment, or shall make use of any scurrilous or blasphemous Language to any Person or Persons travelling upon the said Road, or shall without sufficient Cause detain or delay any Person or Persons travelling thereon, then and in every such Case every such Collector shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence, as the Justice or Justices before whom the Information shall be laid shall adjudge; and such Penalty shall be levied, recovered and applied, in such and the same Manner as other Penalties are by the said recited Act and this Act, or either of them, directed to be levied, recovered and applied.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time by Writing under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hand and Seal of their Clerk for the Time being, by their Order to be made for that Purpose, to let or lease the Tolls arising by virtue of the said recited Act and of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, in such Manner as they shall think proper, unto any Person or Persons, for any Term not exceeding Three Years at any one Time, for the best Rent that can or may be gotten for the same, payable at such Times, in such Manner, under such Covenants,

and

To demise Tolls for any Term, not exceeding Three Years.

276

For settling Disputes concerning Tolls.

To take Possession of Toll Houses, &c.

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. xiv.

and unto such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall direct or appoint; of which letting Ten Days Notice at least shall be given in Writing, and inserted in some public Newspaper circulating in the Neighbourhood through which the said Road doth pass; and the Monies arising thereby shall be applied in such Manner as by the said recited Act and this Act is mentioned and directed.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall happen or arise about the Amount of the Tolls due, or the Charges of making, keeping, or felling any Distress, it shall be lawful for the Collector, or the Person so distraining, to retain such Distress, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof [as the Case may be]], until the Amount of the Tolls due, and the Charges of the making, keeping, and selling of the Distress be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the said County Palatine of Lancaster, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the Matter on the Oath of the Parties or other Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is hereby authorized and empowered to administer), and shall determine the Amount of the Tolls due, and shall award such Costs and Charges to either Party as to the said Justice shall appear right or proper; all which Costs and Charges shall and may be levied and recovered, in case of Non-payment thereof forthwith, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons liable to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any), upon Demand, after deducting the Costs and Charges of making such Distress and Sale, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and sold.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case all or any of the Tolls arising by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, or either of them, or any of the Gates, Turnpikes or Bars, or Houses or Buildings, at which the same shall be collected, shall be demised or let to farm, or agreed to be demised or let to farm, at any Time or Times, to any Person or Persons, and such Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to perform the Terms and Conditions of the Demise or Contract by which the same shall be let or be agreed to be let to him, her, or them, either by taking a greater or less Toll in respect of any Horse, Cattle or Carriage, than those demised or let or agreed to be demised or let to him, her, or them, or in any other Way or Manner; or in case the Rent for which such Tolls shall be demised or let, or be agreed to be demised or let, or any Part thereof, shall be in Arrear and unpaid for the Space of Five Days next after any of the Days or Times whereon the same shall become due and ought to be paid, pursuant to such Demise or Contract; and the Toll House or Toll Houses belonging to such Gates, Turnpikes or Bars, shall be in the Possession of any such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, or any Person or Persons, by him, her, or them appointed or nominated to collect the Tolls thereat; or in case of the Decease of any such Lessee, Farmer, Toll Keeper or Collector, and the Wife or Family of such deceased Person shall refuse to quit the Premises after Ten Days Notice in Writing, under the Hand of the Clerk to the said Trustees, being given or left at the Toll House, or affixed upon the Gate, Turnpike or Bar for that Purpose, then and in any and every such Case, it shall be lawful for the Trustees, or any Five or more of them (if they shall think proper), to vacate and determine such Demise and Contract, giving Notice in Writing of such their Determination to such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, or by leaving the same at any of the said Toll Houses, or affixing the same upon any of the said Gates,

Turnpikes,

277

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. xiv.

Turnpikes or Bars, and such Lease and Contract, and the Terra for which the said Tolls shall be let, or be agreed to be let, shall from that Time be utterly void and at an end, to all Intents and Purposes (save as to the Covenants and Agreements therein contained on the Lessee or Lessees Part and Behalf); and in case any such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, shall not, on Service of such Notice as aforesaid, deliver up the Possession of such Toll House or Toll Houses, Gates, Turnpikes or Bars, with the Appurtenances so demised or let, or agreed to be demised or let, to him, her, or them; or if the Wife or Family of any deceased Lessee,

Farmer, Toll Taker or Collector, shall not, on the Expiration of such Notice as aforesaid, deliver up Possession of the Premises, pursuant to such Notice, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, acting for the County or Place in which such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers of the said Tolls shall live or reside, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to grant, upon the Request of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them), to order any Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such Toll House or Toll Houses, and take Possession of such Gates, Turnpikes or Bars, and Premises, and to remove the Person or Persons who shall be found in such Toll House or Toll Houses, together with his, her, and their Goods, out of the said Houses and Premises, and to put such Person or Persons into Possession of the said Toll House or Toll Houses, Gates, Turnpikes or Bars, and Premises, and into the Receipt and Collection of the said Tolls, and to do such other Acts in the Premises, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Mortgagee or Mortgagees An Action or of the said Tolls, Toll Gates, Bars, Chains, Toll Houses and Buildings, Ejectment shall seek to obtain the Possession of the said Toll Gates, Bars, Chains, maybes»P-Toll Houses and Buildings, in order to pay himself, herself, or themselves One Mort-the principal Money and Interest, or any Part thereof, due to him, her, gagee.

or them, it shall be competent for him, her, or them as Lessor or Lessors of the Plaintiff, and upon his, her, or their Demise only, and without uniting in such Demise the other Mortgagees of the said Tolls and Premises, to obtain such Possession; but such Person or Persons who shall obtain the Possession thereof, shall not apply the Tolls which may consequently be received by him, her, or them, to his, her, or their own exclusive Dse and Benefit, but to and for the Use and Benefit of all the Mortgagees of the said Premises, pari passu, and in proportion to the several Sums which may be due to them as such Mortgagees.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Restraining

said Trustees, in diverting, turning, varying or altering the Course or Path fe Tr.uitees of any Part of the Road comprised in the said recited Act, to deviate more viat?ngemore than One hundred Yards from the present Line or Course thereof, with- than 100 out the Consent in Writing of the Owners or reputed Owners and Occu- Yards Sron* piers for the Time being, of the Lands and Grounds which may be affected jj, 1* of by any such Diversion or Alteration; any thing in the said recited Act Road, with-contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding. out Con-

sent, &c,

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Gates to be hereafter placed Ga, es not to in any Field or Ground adjoining any Part of the said Road, shall be J'’L

I1"*1-! *A made the Road?

278

In case of not making out Titles;

if Persons cannot be found, Purchase Money to be paid into Bank;

subject to the Order of the Court of Chancery, on Motion or Petition-

Persons in Possession to be deemed

firesumptive-y entitled, &c.

P GEORGII IV. Cap

made and hung to open and swing inward towards such Field or Ground, and not towards the said Road; and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order all such Gates as are now erected or may hereafter be erected, and open and swing outward towards the said Road, to be altered and made to open and swing inward, as they the said Trustees shall think proper; and if any Occupier or Occupiers of the Lands upon which any Gate or Gates is or are or shall be constructed so as to open and swing outward towards the said Road, shall (after Ten Days Notice from the Surveyor of the said Road, requiring him, her, or them to alter any such Gate or Gates, and make the same to open and swing inwards) refuse or neglect to make such Alteration, or after such Alteration shall have been once made, shall again alter the same, every such Occupier or Occupiers shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in ease the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, shall refuse to accept the same, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered; then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, [describing themj subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making claim to such Sum or Sums of Money or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of proceeding or otherwise, as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the same is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General, in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act, or either of them, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act, or either of them, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased

10 with

1° GEO R GUI IV. Cap. xbr. W

with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such. Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be applied and* disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said* Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or- Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by Court of treason of any. Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corpo- Chancery to ration, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased ment of'J&x-under the Authority of the said recited Act and: this Act, or either of them, peaces.

the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of any other Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act, or either of them, or so much of the said Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money, for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall For prevent-slaughter, burn, or dress any Animal on or adjoining the said Road, or ingNuisan-shall leave or suffer any Horse, Cattle, Sheep, Pig, or Beast to graze, or ces’ ^c *

be and remain loose on the said Road, or any Footway or Path on the Side or Sides thereof; or if any Person shall ride upon any Footway,

Causeway or Path formed upon or on the Side of or belonging to the said Road, or shall drive any Horse, Beast, Cattle or Swine, or any Carriage upon, or cause any Damage to be done to any Footway, Causeway, or Path; or if any Person shall hale or draw, or cause to be haled or drawn, upon any Part of the said Road any Timber, Stone, or other Thing (other-wise than upon wheeled Carriages), or shall suffer any Timber, Stone, or other Thing which shall be carried upon wheeled Carriages to drag upon the said Road to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person driving any Pigs or Swine upon the said Road, shall suffer them to root up or damage the same, or the Hedges or Fences on either Side thereof; or if any Person driving any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, shall ride on the Shafts or other Part of such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or on any of the Horses drawing the same j or if any Person driving, or having the Care of any Coach, Chaise, or other such like Carriage, upon the said Road, shall drive the same without holding the Reins; or if any Person driving or having the Care of any Carriage whatsoever, and meeting another Carriage, shall not keep his Carriage on the

Left

280

For getting Materials to make and repair the Road.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xiv.

Left or Near Side of the said Road, and also keep on the same Side himself or herself; or if any Person shall in any other Manner wilfully prevent any other Person or Persons from passing him or her, or any Carriage under his or her care upon the said Road; or if any Person shall make or assist in making any Fire or Fires, or shall set fire to, or let off or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent or Firework whatsoever, within Sixty Feet or the Centre thereof, or Play at Football or any other Game or Games on the said Road, or on any Part or Parts thereof, or on any Footway or Path belonging thereto, to the Annoyance of any Passenger or Passengers; or if any Person or Persons shall leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage (except in Cases of Accident) upon or on the Side of the said Road, without a proper Person in the Custody or Care thereof, longer than may be necessary to load or unload the same, or shall not place the same, during the Time of loading or unloading thereof, as near to the Side of the said Road as conveniently may be, either with or without any Horse or other Beast of Draught harnessed or yoked thereto; or if any Person, after having blocked any Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage whatsoever, in going up any Hill or rising Ground, shall leave on the said Road the Stone or other Matter or Thing used in such blocking, or shall scrape off any Soil or other Thing from the said Road, or the Side or Sides thereof, or shall take up or carry away any Scrapings thereof, without leave of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors j or if any Person shall lay any Timber, Stones, Hay, Straw, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever upon the said Road, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice, Annoyance, or Interruption of any Person or Persons passing or travelling thereon; or if any Person or Perons shall wilfully commit any Nuisance or Annoyance upon the said Road, or on the Side or Sides thereof, every Person so offending in any or either of the Cases aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sura not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied and recovered in like Manner as any other Penalty is directed to be levied and recovered by the said recited Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and to or for all such Person or Persons as he or they respectively shall appoint, to search for, cut, dig, get, gather, and take away any Furze, Heath, Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for repairing the said Road, out of or from any Commons or Waste Grounds, Common River, Brook or Pit, in any Parish, Township or Place, in which any Part of the said Road shall lie, or in any adjoining Parish, Township or Place, without paying any Thing for the same, the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons acting by his or their Appointment, filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground or sloping down the Banks where such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off such Pits or Quarries, so that the same may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and also that such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, may by Order of any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County or Place in which the said Road doth lie, search for, cut, dig, get, gather and take away, any sucffMaterials as aforesaid, in, out, of, or from, the private Lands, Fields or Grounds, of any Person or Persons, where the same may be had or found in any Parish, Township or Place in which any Part of the said

Road

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xiv.

281

Road shall lie or be situate, ror in any adjoining Township, Parish, or Place, (such Lands, Fields, or Grounds not being a Garden or Orchard,

Yard; Park, Paddock, Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House, or any Piece of Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees), making or tendering such Satisfaction for the same, and for any Damages done thereby to the Owners or Occupiers of the Grounds and Premises, where and from whence the same shall be cut, dug, gotten, gathered and taken dr carried away, or over which the same or any other Materials, for repairing the said Road shall be carried, according to their respective Rights and Interest in such Ground and Premises, as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall deem reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the said Trustees, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners or Occupiers, or any of them, concerning the Value of such Materials and Damages, it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace for the County or Place in which the said Road doth lie, on Ten Days Notice thereof in Writing being given by either Party to the other, or left at their respective Places of Abode, to hear, settle and determine the Matters of such Payment and Damages.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be Notice to be lawful for any Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons, under the 8lve.n to ^c-Authority of the said recited Act or this Act, to dig, gather, get, take or cE^Lands carry away any Materials for repairing the said Road, out of or from any before Ma-inclosed Lands or Grounds, until Ten Days Notice in Writing, signed by terialsare such Surveyor, shall have been given to the Owner or Occupier of the taken Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for from *

Such Owner or Occupier, at his or her usual Place of Residence, to appear

before any Two Justices of the Peace acting for the County or Place where such Premises shall lie, to show Cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Owner or Occupier, or his or her Agent shall attend, pursuant to such Notice, but shall not shew sufficient Cause to the contrary, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Justices, by their Order, to authorize such Surveyor or other Person or Persons, to dig, get, gather, take and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to such Justices shall seem proper; and if such Owner or Occupier shall refuse or neglect to appear, by himself or herself, or his or her Agent, such Justices shall and may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Owner or Occupier, or his or her Agent, had attended; any thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person Penalty on whomsoever shall take away any Materials, which shall have been dug or taking away gathered for the Purpose of repairing or improving the said Road, or shall Materia, s get or take away any Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which shall have |"^vor* been made, dug or opened for the Purpose of getting the said Materials, 3 before the said Surveyor or his Workmen shall have discontinued working

therein for the Space of Forty Days (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and the Person or Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials for his own private Use only, and not for Sale), every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, the same to be recovered, levied, and applied in Manner by the said recited Act mentioned.

4 B

282

Statute

Labour.

1° GEORGII IV. C(tp.xiv.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Road, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County or Place in which the said Road lies, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or by their Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road, by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Road lies, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer $ and in order thereunto, it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lists before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons), of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and out of such Lists the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many'of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road, as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and in such Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct or appoint; and the said Justices shall and may order and direct the Persons who by such Lists shall be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper to the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of such Parishes or Places respectively, to be by him or them paid over to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct, and in default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said recited Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her or them, be subject and liable to such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute now in force or 3 effect

283

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. xiv.

effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid, in such and the same Manner as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road j all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in any such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof, in Manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied, recovered, paid and applied in such and the same Manner as Penalties are by the said recited Act directed to be levied, recovered, paid and applied.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and for paying Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, the Expences shall be paid and discharged by the Trustees of the said Road, or any Five ° 1 ls ct* or more of them, out of the Money which hath arisen by virtue of the said recited Act, or out of the first Money which shall arise by virtue thereof, and of this Act, together with lawful Interest from the Time of advancing or disbursing the same, in preference to any other Payments whatsoever; and the Money then remaining and afterwards to be raised on the said Road, shall from Time to Time be applied by the Trustees of such Road, in putting the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, and repaying the Principal Monies already borrowed or to be borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls arising on the said Road, and the Interest thereof respectively.

[Public Act.]

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such

by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and Continuance take effect upon the passing thereof; and that the said recited Act (subject antl Term of to the Alterations and Amendments in this Act contained) and this Act the Act* shall continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Residue

now to come of the Term granted by the said recited Act, and from the Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan* Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1820.

ANNO PRIMO

GEORGII IY. REGIS.

H *

Cap. xv.

An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts passed for amending the Roads from the City of Chester to the Wood-side Ferry, in the County of Chester, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for making a Diversion in some Part of the said Roads.

[22d June 1820.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for amending and widening the Roads from the City of 27G. 3. C. 93 Chester to the Woodside Ferry, in the Township of Birkenhead in the County of Chester, and from the said City to the Assembly House in Parkgate, in the Township of Great Neston in the said County, and from Great Neston aforesaid to the said Woodside Ferry; and from the Road leading from the City of Chester to Parkgate aforesaid, to the Road leading from the same City to the said Woodside Ferry:And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act 43G.3-c. 93. to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads from the City of Chester to the Woodside Ferry in the County of Chester, and other Roads therein mentioned: And whereas the Trustees appointed in and by virtue of the said recited Acts have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and for that Purpose have borrowed several con-[Local.] 4 C siderable

286

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xv.

siderable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls by the said Acts granted and made payable, which Money is still due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term granted and continued by the said Acts be further continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof respectively altered, amended, and enlarged, and it is expedient that some of the Tolls granted and continued by the said Acts should be increased: And whereas it would be a great Accommodation to the Public if Part of the Road leading from the said City of Chester to the said Woodside Ferry, and lying within the Township of Tranmere, in the said County of Chester, were altered, diverted, and turned, from, at, or near a Dwelling House situate in the said Township of <Trctrmere, belonging to Sir John Grey Egerton Baronet, and in the Occupation of Martha Naylor, to or near the Southern End of the Embankment across Birkenhead Pool in the same County, in a nearer and more direct Line than the present: But the several Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority 1 Recited of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all and every the Powers, conU^ed* Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, con inue . Matters, and Things therein respectively contained, (except such as are varied, altered, or repealed) shall be and continue in full Force and Effect and shall be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, in like Manner, and as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, but subject nevertheless to the Provisions, Amendments, Alterations, Variations, and Additions herein contained, and which shall commence and take effect immediately from and after the First Day of September nznx, and continue and be in force during the Term; hereby granted'; and this Act, and the additional Term and Tolls hereby granted and continued, shall be subject and liable to the Payment of all the Money now due and owing on the Credit or on Account of the said recited Acts, or either of them, or which' shall be borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts and of No Prefer- this Act, an(j[all Interest due and to grow due thereon respectively j but chreVto Cre- no Preference shall be given to any Person or Persons advancing any Sum ditors. or Sums of Money upon the Credit of this Act, or who shall have already advanced any Sum or Sums of Money on the Credit of the said recited Acts, or either of them, in respect to the Priority of advancing, or having advanced, any Sum or Sums of Money; and all Persons to whom any Mortgages or Securities shall have been made, or shall be made, shall be, in Proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money therein mentioned. Creditors on the Tolls granted and made payable by this Act, in equal Degree one with another. II.

II. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County of Chester, together with the Trustees already, named and elected in or under and by virtue of the said recited Acts, shall be and they, are hereby appointed Trustees for putting this Act into Execution j and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at their First or Second Met ting to be holden under-this Act, to elect any additional Number of lit and proper Persons, 6 not

Trustees under former Acts to be Trustees for this Act; and Power to appoint additional Trustees.

287

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xx.

not exceeding Ten in the whole, to be Trustees for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act; and such Trustees so named and elected, and so to be elected, and their Successors, to be elected in the Manner in the said first recited Act mentioned, and having qualified as herein-after mentioned, shall be and are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, as if they had been named and appointed Trustees in and by this Act; and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Matters, and Things by the said recited Acts, or by this Act, given to or directed to be done by or before the 'said Trustees, shall and may be exercised, had, and done by or before any Five or more of them; and all such Acts, Matters, and Things shall be of as full Force and Effect as if done or executed by or before all the Trustees, or by or before Trustees named and appointed in and by this Act.

til. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall QuaKfieaucm be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of the said recited 0 rustecs' Acts and this Act, whilst he holds any Place of Profit, or shall be concerned or interested in any Contract or Contracts under the said Acts and this Act, or any or either of them, nor in any Case wherein he shall be personally interested, otherwise than as a Creditor; nor shall any Person be qualified to act as a Trustee unless at the Time of his acting he shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits issuing out of Freehold or Copyhold Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be Heir Apparent to some Person having such Estate of the clear yearly Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds, or be possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount of Four thousand Pounds, nor (except in administering the Oath or Affirmation hereinafter mentioned) until he shall have taken and subscribed before any Two or more of the said Trustees, an Oath, or being one of the People called Quakers, an Affirmation, in the Words or to the Effect following;

(that is to say),

I A.B. do swear, [or, being one of the People called Quakers, do oath, solemnly affirm], That I truly and bona fide am in my own Right [or,

in the Right of my Wife] in the actual Possession and Enjoyment or

* Receipt of the Rents and Profits issuing out of Freehold [or Copyholcf]

4 Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of One ‘ hundred Pounds above Reprizes, [or, am possessed of a Personal Estate

* alone, or Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount of One hundred and fifty Pounds] [or, am Heir Apparent of A.B. who to the

‘ best of my Knowledge is possessed of a Real Estate in Lands, Tene-e ments, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of Four thousand ‘ Pounds. So help me GOD.

And if any Person unqualified by any of the Causes aforesaid, or not being qualified as herein-before mentioned, shall nevertheless presume to act contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall inform or sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or

on

288

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xv.

tees before Conviction declared valid.

Woodside Ferry, &c.

on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and the Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is so qualified, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in* the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act, any thing in the said Acts contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding: Pro-nevertheless, that all Acts and Proceedings of any Person or Persons acting as a Trustee or Trustees in the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act, or either of them (although not duly qualified), previously to his or their being convicted of the said Offence, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as good, valid, and effectual, as if such Person or Persons had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

Power to

IV. And whereas it is expedient that the present Situations of some erect a Toll of the Toll Gates and Turnpikes set up and erected under the Au-Road'frome t^or*ty sa‘d ^rst rec‘le^ Act should be varied, be it there-

Chestertothe fore enactech That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the said First Day of September next, cause One Toll Gate or Turnpike to be provided, set up, and erected upon and across the said Road leading from the said City of Chester to the said Woodside Ferry, between the Dwelling House heretofore in the Occupation of Thomas Stanton, deceased, and known by the Sign of the Recruiting Serjeant, but now or late in the Occupation of ’John Price, and known by the Sign of the George and Dragon, situate near the North End of the Upper Northgate Street, within the Liberties of the said City of Chester, and a certain Dwelling House in the Occupation of William Dutton, known by the Sign of the Egerton Arms, situate in the Township of Upton, in the said County of Chester, together with such necessary and proper Toll House, Buildings, and Appurtenances adjoining or near to such Toll Gate or Turnpike, as to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall seem meet, but so nevertheless that when and so soon as such Toll Gate or Turnpike as aforesaid shall be set up and erected by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, the present Toll Gate and Turnpike set up and erected under the Authority of the said first recited Act in the Township of Backford, in the said County of Chester, to the Northward of Moston Brook, shall be discontinued and removed.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may from Time to Time, and at any Time after the passing of this Act, take down and discontinue the Toll Gate and Turnpike set up and erected under the Authority of the said first recited Act, over or across the said Road leading from Great Neston aforesaid, to the said Woodside Ferry, near a certain Bridge called Clatter bridge, and cause the same, or any other Toll Gate and Turnpike in lieu thereof, to be set up and erected upon and across any other Part of the said last mentioned Road lying between Great Neston aforesaid, and the Village of Lower Bebington in the said County of Chester, together with such necessary and proper Toll House, Buildings, and Appurtenances adjoining or near thereto, as to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall seem meet.

Power to take down the Gate on the Great Neston and Woodside Ferry Road, and to erect another between Great Neston and and Lower Bebington.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. 289

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time and at a°nd any Time after the passing of this Act, to cause One or more Toll side Bar *, Gate or Toll Gates, Toll Bar or Toll Bars (in addition to the Toll &c.

Gates, Toll Bars, and Turnpikes which have been or may be set up

and erected by virtue and in pursuance of the said recited Acts, or either of them), and also One or more new or additional Toll House or Toll Houses, if the same shall appear necessary or proper, with fit and convenient Buildings and Appurtenances thereto to be provided, set up, and erected on the Side or Sides of all or any of the Roads comprised in the said recited Acts, or across any Lane or Way leading into or out of the same, any thing in the said recited Acts or either of them contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Tolls Tickets to b« granted by this Act, the Collector or Receiver thereof shall and he j^acting ’

is hereby required to deliver gratis, to the Person paying such Toll, payment of a Note or Ticket denoting such Payment, which Note or Ticket Toll *, shall be provided by the said Trustees, and there shall be printed and specified thereon the Names of the several and respective Gates freed by such Payment.

VIII. And whereas the Tolls granted by the said recited Act of Tolls granted the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty have been ^43 QCt3° found insufficient for the Purposes thereby intended, be it therefore repealed, 'and enacted, That the said Tolls shall from and after the First Day of others grant-September next be and and the same are hereby declared to be repealed, ed in lieu and that instead thereof the respective Tolls following shall be demanded, thereo* taken, collected, and paid at all and every of the several and respective

Toll Gates, Toll Bars, and Turnpikes, which have been or shall be placed, set up, and erected in or upon the said Roads, under or by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, or any of them, or in or upon the Side or Sides thereof, or across any Lane or Way leading into or out of the same; (that is to say).

For every Horse, Mule, or other Beast, drawing any Coach, Berlin, New Tolls. Landau, Chariot, Chaise, Caravan, Chair, Calash, Hearse, or Litter, the Sum of Seven-pence:

For every Horse, Mule, or other Beast, drawing any Waggon,

Cart, Wain, Tumbril, or other such like Carriage, the Sum of Threepence:

For every Horse, Mule, or other Beast, laden or unladen and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Ox, Cow, or other Neat Cattle (Calves excepted), the Sum of One Halfpenny:And,

For every Calf, Hog, Sheep or Lamb, the Sum of One Farthing.

Which said Tolls shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and the same, and every Part thereof, shall be collected, recovered, levied, paid, applied, assigned, varied, and disposed of, in such and the same Manner, and by such and the same Ways and Means, and with such Remedies for Nonpayment or Evasion thereof, and with such Powers, Provisions, and Regulations as are contained in the said recited [Local.'] 4 D Acts,

290

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xv.

Acts, or either of them, with respect to the Tolls by the said Acts authorized to be taken, but subject nevertheless to the Powers, Provisions, and Regulations in this Act contained.

Double Tolls

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to on Sundays, demand and take for and in respect of every Horse and other Beast drawing any Waggon, Cart, or other such like Carriage, on every Sunday, Double the Toll or Sum that may be demanded and taken for and in respect of such Horse or other Beast on any other Day.

Number of* Provided always, and be it further enacted, That there shall not

Tolls to be be more than Two full Tolls payable in any one Day for the same taken in One Horses, Mules, or other Beasts, Cattle, Sheep, or Pigs, on the said Day- Road, extending from the said City of Chester to Parkgate aforesaid;

nor more than Two full Tolls on the said Road from Parkgate or Great Neston aforesaid, to the said Woodside Ferry; nor more than Three such full Tolls, or Six Half Tolls, on the said Road from the said City of Chester to the said Woodside Ferry, except as is herein-after otherwise provided.

Stage

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every Horse, Mule,

Coaches only an(j other Beast, drawing any Stage Coach, shall be allowed to pass repass once an<* rePass through any Turnpike, Toll Gate, or Toll Bar already on Payment erected or hereafter to be erected by virtue of the said recited Acts and of one Toll, this Act, or any of them, Once only, and no more, upon and for the Payment of One Toll.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Tolls by this Act granted shall be paid for and in respect of all Post Horses, Mules, or other Beasts, drawing any Post Chaise or other Carriage, every Time they shall pass through any such Turnpike, Toll Gate, or Toll Bar, and a Ticket shall be produced denoting a fresh Hiring.

XIII. And whereas by the last recited Act it is enacted, that Four Meetings at the least of the said Trustees (exclusive of the General Annual Meeting appointed to be held by the said first recited Act) shall be held in each Year during the Term thereby granted, alternately at Chester and Great Neston:And whereas such Regulation has been found to be inconvenient, and it is therefore expedient that the same should be repealed; be it therefore enacted, That the same shall be and is hereby repealed, and declared null and void.

Trustees may

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk.

7 paid.

be sued for or concerning any thing to be done by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited Acts or of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk for the Time being j and that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by the Direction of or against the said Trustees in the Name of their Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk, nor by the Act of such Clerk, without the Consent of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, but that the Clerk for the Time being to the said Trustees shall be deemed to be Plaintiff or Defendant (as the Case may be) in every such Action: Provided always, that such Clerk in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and

Repeal of

43 g!°3. requiring Four alternate Meetings of the Trustees at Chester and Great Neston.

Tolls to be paid for Post Horses, 8cc. every Time they pass.

291

1* GEORGII IV. Cap. xv.

paid, out of the first Money to arise by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, after such Action or Suit shall be commenced, discontinued, or determined, all Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences, which by the Event or in consequence of any such Action, Suit, or Proceeding, he shall bear, pay, expend; or be put unto, or become chargeable with, by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required, from Time to Time, and at all Times during the Continuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, to order and direct a Book or Books to be provided and kept by their Clerk for the Time being, in which Book or Books such Clerk shall enter or cause to be entered true and regular Accounts of all Sums of Money received, paid, laid out, and expended for or on account of the said Roads, and of the several Articles, Matters, and Things for which such Sums of Money shall have been disbursed, laid out, and paid, which Book or Books shall at all seasonable Times be open to the Inspection of the said Trustees, or any Creditor or Creditors on the Tolls by this Act granted, without Fee or Reward; and the said Trustees and Creditors, or any of them, shall or may take Copies of or Extracts from the said Book or Books, or any Part or Parts thereof, without paying any thing for the same; and in case the said Clerk shall refuse to permit, or shall not permit the said Trustees or such Creditors to inspect the same, or to take such Copies or Extracts, as aforesaid, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied, recovered, and applied in Maner by the said recited Acts, or either of them, mentioned and directed.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person who has been or may be appointed to act as their Clerk in the Execution of the said recited Atts and this Act, or any or either of them, or the Partner of any such Clerk, the Treasurer for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, or any or either of them, or to continue or appoint the Person who has been or may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, the Clerk to the said Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, or any or either of them; and if any Person shall act in both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, or any or either of them, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer shall act as Clerk in the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act, or any or either of them, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said First Day of September next none of the Tolls granted and made payable by this Act, shall be demanded or taken of or from any Person or Persons for or in respect of any Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or Beast, employed in carrying or conveying, or [going empty to carry or convey, or returning empty

from

Account* to be kept of Receipts and Disbursements, which shall be open to thelnspec-tion of the Trustees and Creditor*.

Clerk re. •trained from

Treasurer, and vice vereS.

Exemptions from Tolls.

1* GEORGII IV. Cap. xv,

from carrying or conveying having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, any Sand, Gravel, Stone, or other Materials, for repairing the said Roads, or any Part thereof, or any of the Highways or public Bridges in the Townships in which such Roads lie, or any Hay, Straw, Corn in the Straw, Potatoes, or other Produce of Land, not bought, sold, or disposed of, but passing only to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses or Yards, or on the Lands of the original Owners thereof j or for or in respect of any Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or Beast employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Marl, Compost, Grey Salt, or other Manure of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, or Lime to be employed in Husbandry only, or for manuring or improving of Gardens or Lands and not for Purposes of Trade j or carrying or conveying any Rector, Vicar, Parson or Curate, going to or returning from his own Parish Church or public Place of Divine Service, or visiting his sick Parishioners; or carrying or conveying any Person or Persons going to or from his, her, or their proper Parochial Church or Chapel, or any Person or Persons going to or returning from his, her, or their usual Place of Religious Worship, tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or attending the Funeral of any Person or Persons who shall die and be buried in any of the Parishes wherein such Roads lie, or returning from any such Funeral; or for any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage of whatsoever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying or returning back from conveying the same; or for any Horse or Carriage attending His Majesty or any of the Royal Family; or for any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage attending any Soldiers on their March or on Duty, or attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, or the Horse or Horses or other Cattle drawing the same, which shall be employed in conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, Commissariat, or other Public Stores of, for, or belonging to His Majesty, for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, or returning from attending them on such Occasions; or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, Inspection, or Review, provided that such Person shall be dressed in the Uniform of his Corps, and shall have his Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations of such Corps, at the Time of claiming such Exemption; or for any Cattle going to or from Water or Pasture, or Smith’s Shop to be shod; or for or in respect of any Horse or other Cattle, or Cart drawn by one Horse only, going to or from any Mills situate within the Distance of Four Miles from the said Roads, with or for any Corn, Grain, Malt, or Flour for the Owners’s own Use and Consumption in his own Dwelling House, and not for Sale, and not exceeding one Horse or Beast, or one Cart drawn by one Horse only, in one and the same Day; or for any Horses or other Cattle employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Passes, or returning Irom such Employment; or for any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage carrying or conveying any Person or Persons going to vote or returning from voting at any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire, Citizen or Citizens, Burgess or Burgesses,

293

P GEORGII IV. Cap. xv.

to serve in Parliament for the County Palatine of Chester, or for the City of Chester, or for the County Palatine of Lancaster, or the Borough of Liverpool in the said County of Lancaster, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the same, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act; and in all Cases the Proof of Exemption shall lie on the Person claiming the same.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or driving or causing to be driven any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage provided for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat or other Public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, shall be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture for Overweight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or for being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen j but it shall be lawful for the Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, to put any Number of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in this Act or the said recited Acts contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Waggons, Carts, and other Carriages, having the Wheels of the Widths and Descriptions, and the Axletrees fixed, as mentioned in an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to enable the Trustees of Turnpike Roads to abate the Tolls on Carriages, and to allow of their carrying extra Weights in certain Cases, and the several Horses and other Beasts drawing such Carriages, shall have and be entitled to the Privileges and Exemptions granted by the said Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That every Toll Collector appointed either by the said Trustees, or by any Lessee or Lessees under them, to collect the Tolls payable at any Turnpike or Toll Gate erected or to be erected upon the said Roads, shall and he is hereby required to place his Christian and Surname, painted on a Board in legible Characters, in the Front, or on some other conspicuous Part of the Toll House or Toll Gate, immediately upon coming on Duty, each of the Letters of such Name to be at least One Inch in Length, and of a Breadth in Proportion, and painted either in White Letters on a Black Ground, or Black Letters on a White Ground, and shall continue the same so placed during the whole Time he shall be upon such Duty; and if any Collector of the said Tolls shall not place such Board as aforesaid, and keep the same there during the Time aforesaid, or shall refuse to tell his Christian or Surname to any Person or Persons who shall demand the same, on having been paid the said Tolls, or any of them, or shall give a false Name or Names on such Demand, or shall refuse or neglect to deliver a Ticket gratis, denoting the Payment of the Toll, and naming and specifying the Gate or Gates freed by such Payment, or shall make use of any scurrilous or abusive Language to any

[Local4 E " Person

Exempting Carriages conveying King’sStores, &c. from Penalties for Overweight.

Abatement of Tolls in certain Cases.

Toll Collectors to put up their Names.

294

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xv.

Person or Persons travelling upon the said Roads of any of them, or shall, without sufficient Cause, detain or delay any Person or Persons travelling thereon, then and in every such Case, every such Collector so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Trustees may

XXI. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Cof-porar'n C^l- *ector or Receiver of the Tolls granted and made payable by this Act shall lectors. die or become incapable of performing his Duty, or shall abscond or absent himself, or become insolvent or bankrupt, it shall be lawful for any Five or more of the said Trustees (although not assembled at a Meeting of the said Trustees) to discharge such Collector or Receiver, and to nominate and appoint some other fit and proper Person to be a Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls until the next Meeting of the said Trustees, in the Stead of such Collector or Receiver so dying or discharged, and such Person so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power arid Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Mariner, in all respects, as the Person who shall so die or be discharged would have had or been subject to j and if any Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls, who shall be discharged from his Office by the said Trustees as aforesaid, or the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or other Representatives of any Collector or Receiver who shall die, abscond, absent himself, or become insolvent or bankrupt, or be discharged, or any other Person, shall refuse or neglect to deliver up the Possession of any Toll House or Building and Premises, for the Space of Five Days next after Demand thereof made, and Notice in Writing given for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them (although not assembled at a Meeting) or by their Clerk or Treasurer, then and in any of the said Cases it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place in which such Toll House or Building and Premises shall be situated, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands arid Seals, to order any Constable, or other Peace Officer for the same County, City, or JMace, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such House or Buildings and Premises in the Day-time, and to remove the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods out of the same, and to put the said Trustees, or any one or more of them, or such new appointed Collector, Receiver, or other Officer, into the Possession thereof.

Penalty on evading the Toll*.

To enable Trustees to take Possession of Toll Houses, &c.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons having passed through any Turnpike or Toll Gate erected or to be erected Upon the said Roads, or any of them, with any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, shall afterwards add or put any additional Horse or Beast to srith Carriage, with Intent to evade the Payment of the said Tolls, or any1 of them, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit rind pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case all or any of the Tolls arising by virtue of this Act, at any of the Turnpike Gates or Toll Bars now erected or hereafter to be erected upon the said Roads, or any 6f them, shall be demised or let to farm to any Person or Persons in pursuance of the said recited Acts, or either of them, and such Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to perform the Terms and Conditions of the Demise or Contract by which the same shall be let to him, her, or theiri,

9 ekher

299

1° GEORGII fV. Cap. xv.

either by faking a greater or less Toll in respect of any Carriage, Horse,

Beast or Cattle, than the Tolls so demised or let to him, her, or them, or in any other Way or Manner; or in case the Rent for which such Tolls shall be demised or let, or any Part thereof, shall be in Arrear or unpaid for the Space of Ten Days netft after any of the Days or Times whereon the same shall Become due and ought to be paid, pursuant to such Demise or Contract, and the Toll House Or Toll' Houses appertaining to such Turnpike Gate or Gates, Toll Bar Or Toll Bars, shall be in the Possession of such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, or any Person or Persons by him, her, or them, appointed to collect the Tolls thereat, then and in any or either of the said Cases it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, (if they shall think proper) to vacate and determine such Demise and Contract, giving a Notice in Writing of such their Determination to such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, by leaving the same at the Toll House or Toll Houses at such respective Turnpike Gate or Turnpike Gates, Toll Bar or Toll Bars, and such Lease or Contract shall from that Time be U’ftefly void and at an End to all Intents and Purposes, save as to the Covenants and Agreements therein contained on the Lessee or Lessees Part and Behalf; arid in case any such Lessee or Lessees,

Farmer ot Farmer's, shall not, on Service of such Notice as aforesaid, deliver up the Possession of the Toll House or Toll Houses, and the Turnpike Gate or Turnpike Gates, or Toll Bar or Toll Bars, with the Appurtenances so demised and let to him, her, or them, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place, in which such Toll House or Toll Houses, Turnpike Gate or Turnpike Gates, or Toll Bar or Toll Bars, with the Appurtenances, shall be situate, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order any Constable, or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such Toll House or Toll Houses and Premises in the Day-time, and to remove the Person or Persons Who shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods* out of such Horise or Houses arid Premises, and to put such Person or Persons into the Possession thereof, as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall appoint.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Collectors ot Litigation shall arise, touching or in anywise relating to the said lolls, or Tolls »of any of them, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the same, or to

whom the same shall have been demised or let to Farm, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall not Be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of his, her, or their being so appointed to collect the said Tolls, or otherwise acting under the Authority of the said Trustees.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That where it shall be necessary to Officers may distrain for the Recovery of the Toils authorized to be collected by this JeWtn^es Act, such Distress shall and may be made or taken by the Person or Persons appointed to Collect the said Tolls, or by any Surveyor of the said Roads,

or by any other Person or Persons who shall be for that Purpose appointed by them, or any of them, or called on to assist; and that in case any Dispute, Litigation, or Suit shall arise or be had or prosecuted, touching or concerning any such Distress, or the Prosecution thereof, or concerning the Nonpayment of the said Tolls, any such Surveyor, Collector or other

296

For settling Disputes concerning Tolls.

Trustees not to administer Oaths on verifying Accounts.

For getting Materials to make and repair the Road.

l° GEORGII IV. Cap. xv.

Person or Persons, shall not by reason thereof be incompetent to prove the Legality of the Distress, the Nonpayment of such Tolls, or to give any other Proof or Evidence concerning the Premises.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall happen about the Amount of the Tolls, or the Charges of making, keeping, or selling any Distress, it shall and may be lawful for the Collector, or the Person so distraining, to retain such Distress, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof, (as the Case may happen), until the Amount of the Tolls due, and the Charges of the Distress and Sale, and of keeping the Distress, be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place wherein such Dispute shall happen to arise, who upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the Matter, on the Oath of the Parties, or other Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath such Justice is hereby authorized to administer), and shall determine the Amount of the Tolls due, and shall award such Costs and Charges to either Party as to the said Justice shall appear right and proper; all which Costs and Charges shall and may be levied and recovered, in case of Non-payment thereof forthwith, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons liable to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, after deducting the Costs and Charges of making such Distress and Sale, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and sold.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this or the said recited Acts, or any or either of them contained, shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize or empower the said Trustees, or any of them, to administer any Oath or Oaths to any Clerk, Treasurer, Collector of the Tolls, Surveyor, or other Officer or Officers now appointed, or hereafter to be appointed under or by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, or any or either of them, for the Purpose of verifying his, her, or their Accounts.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, and to or for all such Person or Persons as he or they respectively shall appoint, to search for, cut, dig, get, gather and take away any Furze, Heath, Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for repairing the said Roads, out of or from any Commons or Waste Grounds, common River, Brook, or Pit, in any Parish, Township or Place in which any Part of the said Roads doth lie, or in any adjoining Parish, Township, or Place, without paying any thing for the same, the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons acting by his or their Appointment, filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or sloping down the Banks where such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing-off such Pits or Quarries, so that the same may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and also that such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, may, by Order of any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place, in which the said Roads do lie, search for, cut, dig, get, gather and take away any such Materials as aforesaid, in, out of, or from the private Lands, Fields, or Grounds, of any Person or Persons where the same may be had or found, in any Township, Parish, or Place, in which any Part of the said

Roads

297

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xv.

Roads is situate, or in any adjoining Township, Parish, or Place, (such Lands, Fields, or Grounds not being a Garden or Orchard, Yard, Park,

Paddock, Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House, or any Piec$ of Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees), making or tendering such Satisfaction for the same, and for any Damages done thereby, to the Owners or Occupiers of the Ground and Premises where and from whence the same shall be cut, dug, gotten, gathered, and taken or carried away, or over which the same or any other Materials for repairing the said Roads shall be carried, according to their respective Rights and Interests in such Ground and Premises, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall deem reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the said Trustees, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners or Occupiers, or any of them, concerning the Value of such Materials and Damages, it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place in which the said Roads, or any of them, do lie, on Ten Days Notice thereof in Writing being given by either Party to the other, or left at their respective Places of Abode, to hear, settle, and determine the Matters of such Payment and Damages.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be Notice to be lawful for any Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons, under the Autho- 8lve.n to(?c-rity of the said recited Acts or this Act, to dig, gather, get, take.or carry

away any Materials for repairing the said Roads, out of'or from any in- Lands before closed Lands or Grounds, until Ten Days Notice in Writing, signed by Material, such Surveyor, shall have been given to the Owner or Occupier of the aJe Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for 1 iere rom’ such Owner or Occupier at his or her usual Place of Residence, to appear before any Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the County, City, or Place where such Premises shall lie, to show Cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Owner or Occupier, or his or her Agent, shall attend pursuant to such Notice but shall not show sufficient Cause to the contrary, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Justices or any other Two Justices of the Peace for the said County, City, or Place, by their Order, to authorize such Surveyor or other Person or Persons to dig, get, gather, take and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to such Justices shall seem proper; and if such Owner or Occupier shall refuse, or neglect to appear by himself or herself, or his or her Agent, such Justices shall and may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Owner or Occupier, or his or her Agent had attended; any thing in the said recited Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whomsoever .shall

take away any Materials which shall have been dug or gathered For the jjatSfot Purpose of repairing or improving the said Roads, or any of them, or byiheSur-shall get or take away any Materials out of any Pit or Quarry, which veyor. shall have been made, dug, or opened for the Purpose of getting the said Materials, before the said Surveyor or his Workmen shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Ten Days, (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and the Person or Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials for his or her own private [Local.'] 4 F Use

298

In ulterhig the Course of the Road, Trustees not to deviate more than One hundred Yards from the present Line except, &c.

Power for the Trustees to divert a Part of the present Road from Chester to the Wood-side Ferry.

Old Road may be given up when new Road made.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xv.

Use only, and not for Sale,) every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees in diverting, turning, or altering the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Roads, to deviate more than One hundred Yards from the present Line or Course thereof, (except as next herein-after mentioned,) without the Consent in Writing of the Owners or reputed Owners and Occupiers for the Time being of the Lands or Grounds which may be affected by any such Diversion or Alteration, any thing in the said recited Acts contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to alter the present Line of the said Road leading from the said City of Chester to the Woodside Ferry aforesaid, by diverting and turning the same from, at, or near the before-mentioned Dwelling House in the said Township of Tranmere, belonging to Sir John Grey Egerton Baronet, and in the Occupation of Martha Naylor, over Lands within the same Township, and in the Parish of Bebington in the said County of Chester, belonging to Daniel Orred Esquire, John Carter Yeoman, George French and Charles Price, Esquires, the Trustees of John Chamberlain Esquire, deceased, and Thomas Ellis and Thomas Higgins respectively; and now or late in the respective Occupations of William Preeson, Joseph Sid/ey, the said John Carter, Ann Boden, William Coward, Thomas Higgins, John Davies, the said Thomas Ellis and Thomas Higgins, and George French, so as to communicate with and again fall into the existing Road at or near the Southern End of the present Embankment across Birkenhead Pool in the same County; for the Purchase of which said Lands and Hereditaments herein-before mentioned and described, or of such Part or Parts thereof respectively as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think necessary to be made use of for the Purpose aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or any Person authorized by them, or any Five or more of them, to treat, contract and agree with the Owners, Proprietors, and Occupiers thereof, and Persons entitled thereto and interested therein respectively, in such Manner, and under the same Powers and Provisions as are given and granted in and by the said first recited Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for ascertaining and settling the Value of any Lands or Hereditaments, (not being Common or Waste Land,) to be taken, and made use of for the Purposes thereof.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said Trustees shall have caused such intended Alteration and Diversion of the

r said Road to be made and completed fit for the Passage of Cattle, Carts, and Carriages along the same, then and in such Case the said Trustees or any Five or more of them may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to discontinue as a Turnpike Road the present Line of the said Road from the said Dwelling House belonging to the said Sir John Grey Egerton, and in the Occupation of the said Martha Naylor, to or near the Southern End of the Embankment across Birkenhead Pool aforesaid, and to surrender and give up the same Part of the said present Road to

the

299

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xv.

the said Township of Tranmere, which shall from thenceforth be repaired and maintained by that Township, as other Roads and Highways within the same Township are or ought by Law to be repaired and maintained.

XXXIV. And whereas a Map or Plan, describing the Line of the said Plan depo-

intended Alteration and Diversion of the said Road, and the Lands or ~tidatrV Grounds through which the same is proposed to be made or carried, Jh *

together with a List of the Names of the Owners or reputed Owners and Peace for the Occupiers of such Lands and Grounds, have been deposited at the Office County of of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Chester; be it there- Chester, to fore enacted, That the said Map or Plan, and List of Owners and f^JSspecT* Occupiers, shall remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the tion, &c. said County, to the End that all Persons may at any reasonable Times

have Liberty to inspect and peruse the same, and to take Copies or Extracts thereof at their Will and Pleasure, paying the Clerk of the Peace a reasonable Compensation for making such Copies or Extracts; and that the said Trustees in making the said intended Alteration and Diversion shall not deviate snore than One hundred Yards from the Line described in the said Map or Plan, without the Consent in Writing of the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, through whose Lands or Premises such Deviation shall be made, first had and obtained.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be Trustees to lawful for the said Trustees to make the said intended Road into, through, make the across, or over the several Lands and Premises of any Person or Persons who is or are or may be Owner or Owners, or Occupier or Occupiers' such riL, 0 of Lands and Premises over which the same is or are set out and &c. notwith-described in the said Map or Plan as aforesaid, although such Lands or standing Premises, or the Name or Names of such Person or Persons may happen Errors-to be erroneously described, omitted, or misstated in the said Map or Plan or List, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Chester, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error or Omission proceeded from Mistake.

XXXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Powers Houses, &c. and Authorities given by the said recited Acts, or either of them, or pot to be by this Act, shall not extend or be construed to extend to empower or , njnred* authorize the said Trustees to take or pull down, injure, or damage

any Dwelling House or other Building, or to take in or make use of any Orchard, Garden, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, or any Part thereof respectively, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Proprietor thereof first had and obtained, other than and except such as are expressly mentioned in the said recited Acts, and this Act, some or one of them; but nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to protect any Encroachments upon the said Roads, or any Part thereof, by any Dwelling House or other Building,

Orchard, Garden, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees.

300 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xv.

Trustees to

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful Prernise^for to anc^ for sa^ Trustees, or any Person or Persons by their Order or the Use of Appointment, acting in the Execution of the said recited Acts and this the Roads. Act, or any of them, to take down, take in, remove and vary the several Buildings, Gardens, Lands, and Premises herein-after particularly specified, and to lay the Sites thereof into the said Roads; (that is to say), the South-west End or Corner of a certain Barn appurtenant to a Messuage situate in the Township of Backford, in the said County of Chester, belonging to Birkenhead Glegg Esquire, a Major General in His Majesty's Army, and in the Occupation of Joseph Waring; a Swine Court and Shippons, and Part of a Fold or Yard appurtenant to a Messuage situate in the Village and Township of Brombrough, in the said County of Chester, belonging to James Mainwaring Esquire, and in the Occupation of John Hankinson; a Blacksmith’s Shop and Yard situate in Brombrough aforesaid, belonging to the said James Mainwaring, and in the Occupation of John Anglesey; a Shippon, situate in Brombrough aforesaid, belonging to the said James Mainwaring, and in the Occupation of Thomas Humphreys; a Dwelling House, situate in Brombrough aforesaid, belonging to the said James Mainwaring, and in the Occupation of Ann Crimes Widow $ another Dwelling House situate in Brombrough aforesaid, belonging to the said James Mainwaring and in the Occupation of William Venables; another Dwelling House situate in Brombrough aforesaid, belonging to the said James Mainwaring, and in the Occupation of John Worrall; another Dwelling House situate in Brombrough aforesaid, belonging to the said James Mainwaring, and in the Occupation of John Briscoe; another Dwelling House situate in Brom* brough aforesaid, belonging to the said James Mainwaring, and in the Occupation of James Brandreth, and Parts of a Plantation and Garden situate in Brombrough aforesaid, belonging to and occupied by the said James Mainwaring; also a Dwelling House* Barn, and Shippon situate in Brombrough aforesaid, belonging to Thomas Briscoe, and in the Occupation of Henry Fletcher; another Dwelling House situate in Brombrough aforesaid, belonging to the said Thomas Briscoe, and in the Occupation of James Millington; another Dwelling House, and the Shippons adjoining, situate in Brombrough aforesaid, belonging to and occupied by John Anglesey; another Dwelling House, and the Yard adjoining, situate in Brombrough aforesaid, belonging to and occupied by Elizabeth Scholfield Widow; also a Dwelling House, Shippon, and Yard, situate in Brombrough aforesaid, belonging to Peter Woodward, and in the Occupation of John Mort; a Dwelling House, Barn, Stable, Shippons, Swine Court, Fold, or Yard Garden and Croft, situate in Brombrough aforesaid, belonging to and occupied by John Tyson; a Garden or Orchard, and Cartshade appurtenant to a Messuage or Farm-house, situate in Brombrough aforesaid, belonging to John Glegg Esquire, and in the Occupation of Samuel Williams; also a Garden, Wash-house, Brewhouse, and Workshop, appurtenant to a Messuage situate in Brombrough aforesaid, belonging to the said James Mainwaring, and in the Occupation of Thomas Warrington; a Dwelling House and Garden, situate in Brombrough aforesaid, belonging to the said James Mainwaring, and in the Occupation of James Johnson; another Garden appurtenant to the said Messuage or Farm-house, situate in Brombrough aforesaid, belonging to the said John Glegg, and in the Occupation of the said Samuel Williams; a Dwelling House and Shippon, situate in Brombrough aforesaid, belonging to the said James Mainwaring, and in the

301

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xv.

the Occupation of Elizabeth Ollerhead; another Dwelling House, situate in Brombrough aforesaid, belonging to the said James Mainwaring, and in the Occupation of Jonathan Bell; another Dwelling House situate in Brombrough aforesaid, belonging to the said James Mainwaring, and in the Occupation of Jane Bell and Hannah Anglesey; another Dwelling House, situate in Brombrough aforesaid, belonging to the said James Mainwaring, and in the Occupation of Mary Woodward and Daniel Taylor; another Dwelling House, situate in Brombrough aforesaid, belonging to the said James Mainwaring, and in the Occupation of the aforesaid John Hankin• son, and a Barn, Shippon, and Stable, and Part of a Fold or Yard appurtenant to the said Messuage or Farm House situate in Brombrough aforesaid, belonging to the said John Glegg, and in the Occupation of the said Samuel Williams; also Two Gable Ends of a stone-built Messuage or Dwelling House, and the Curtilage in Front thereof, situate at the North End of the Village of Brombrough aforesaid, belonging to the said James Mainwaring, and in the Occupation of Thomas Briscoe; a Garden, situate in the Township of Lower Bebington, in the said County of Chester (formerly Young*s) belonging to Joseph Green Esquire, and in the Occupation of John Sutton j Three Dwelling Houses, situate in Lower Bebington aforesaid, belonging to the said Joseph Green, and in the holding of the Overseers of the Poor of the Township of Lower Bebington aforesaid; another Dwelling House situate in Lower Bebington aforesaid, belonging to the said Joseph Green, and in the Occupation of George Parry; a Blacksmith^ Shop situate in Lower Bebington aforesaid, belonging to the said Joseph Green, and in the Occupation of Michael Aspinall; and a Shippon and Barn, situate in Lower Bebington aforesaid, belonging to the said Joseph Green, and in the Occupation of John Waring; also Part of a Garden, situate in the Township of Tranmere, in the said County of Chester, belonging to the said Sir John Grey Egerton, and in the Occupation of the said Martha Naylor, and a Yard and Garden, or Orchard, situate in Tranmere aforesaid, belonging to the said Daniel Orred, and in the Occupation of Thomas Cartwright, as Undertenant to George Taylor, the Lessee or Tenant thereof under the said Daniel Orred; also a Shippon and Barn, situate in the Township and Market Town of Great Neston aforesaid, belonging to Sir Thomas Mostyn Baronet, and in the Occupation of John Mealor, as Undertenant to Joseph Lyon Esquire, the Lessee or Tenant thereof under the said Sir Thomas Mostyn; a Dwelling House, situate in Great Neston aforesaid, belonging to the said Sir Thomas Mostyn, and in the Occupation of Phatbe Stanley, Widow, as Undertenant to the said Joseph Lyon, the Lessee or Tenant thereof under the said Sir Thomas Mostyn; another Dwelling House, situate in Great Neston aforesaid, belonging to the said Sir Thomas Mostyn, and in the Occupation of William Quigley, as Undertenant to the said Joseph Lyon, the Lessee or Tenant thereof under the said Sir Thomas Mostyn; another Dwelling House, situate in Great Neston aforesaid, belonging to the said Sir Thomas Mostyn, and in the Occupation of William Coventry, as Undertenant to the said Joseph Lyon, the Lessee or Tenant thereof under the said Sir Thomas Mostyn; another Dwelling House, situate in Great Neston aforesaid, belonging to the said Sir Thomas Mostyn, and in the Occupation of James Crompton, as Undertenant to the said Joseph Lyon, the Lessee or Tenant thereof under the said Sir Thomas Mostyn; another Dwelling House, situate in Great Neston aforesaid, belonging to the said Sir Thomas Mostyn, and in the Occupation of William Pritchard j another Dwelling House, [Local.2 4 G situate

302

In case of

not making out Titles;

or if Persons cannot be

Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank of England;

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xv.

situate in Great Neslon aforesaid, belonging to the said Sir Thomas Mostyn and in the Occupation of William Maddock; another Dwelling House situate in Great Neston aforesaid, belonging to the said Sir Thomas Mostyn and in the Occupation of Wat kin Faviger; another Dwelling House, situate in Great Neston aforesaid, belonging to the said Sir Thomas Mostyn, and in the Occupation of Thomas Kent, as Undertenant to Richard Hughes the Lessee or Tenant thereof under the said Sir Thomas Mostyn; a Corner of a Fold or Yard, situate in Great Neston aforesaid, belonging to and in the Occupation of John Pinnington; Part of a Fold or Yard, and a Carr-house and Shippon, situate in Great Neston aforesaid, belonging to the said Sir Thomas Mostyn, and in the Occupation of the said John Mealor, as Undertenant to Hannah Coventry, Widow, the Lessee or Tenant thereof under the said Sir Thomas Mostyn; Part of a Garden, situate in Great Neston aforesaid, belonging to the said Sir Thomas Mostyn and in the Occupation of George Griffiths, as Undertenant to Mary Cubbin, Widow, the Lessee or Tenant thereof under the said Sir Thomas Mostyn; Part of another Garden situate in Great Neston, aforesaid, belonging to the said Sir Thomas Mostyn, and in the Occupation of Samuel Williams, as Undertenant to the said Hannah Coventry, the Lessee or Tenant thereof under the said Sir Thomas Mostyn; Parts of a Garden and Croft, situate in Great Neston aforesaid, belonging to the said Sir Thomas Mostyn, and in the several Occupations of Joseph Gardiner and the Representatives of James Bankes, lately deceased, as Undertenants to Thomas Cottingham Esquire, the Lessee or Tenant thereof under the said Sir Thomas Mostyn; and a Shop situate in Great Neston aforesaid, belonging to the said Sir Thomas Mostyn, and in the Occupation of John Brownsworth; for the Purchase of which said Dwelling Houses, Buildings, Gardens, Lands, and Premises hereinbefore mentioned and described, or of such Part or Parts thereof respectively as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think necessary to be made use of for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act, or any of them, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or any Person authorized by them, or any Five or more of them, to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners, Proprietors and Occupiers thereof, and Persons entitled thereto and interested therein respectively, in such Manner, and under the same Powers and Provisions as are given and granted in and by the said first recited Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for ascertaining and settling the Value of any Lands or Hereditaments (not being Common or Waste Land) to be taken and made use of for the Purposes thereof.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, shall refuse to accept the same, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; or in case the Person or Persons to whom any such Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments be not known or discovered j then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account

to

303

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xv.

to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments [describing them], subject to the Order, Control, and Disposition of the said Court; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the same Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Moneys is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the same is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, for the Purchase of any Lands or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right or Interest, in any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts or of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of any such Lands or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XL. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Acts or this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall from Time to 'Lime pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

subject to the Order of the Court of Chancery, on Motion or Petition.

Where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank, the Person in Possession of the Land,

&c. at the Time of the Purchase, deemed entitled thereto.

Court of Chancery may order reasonable Expences of Purchase to be paid by the Trustees.

304 1* GEORGII IV. Cap. xv.

For prevent-

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall

otftheRaadT slighter, burn, or dress any Animal on or adjoining the said Roads, or any of them, or shall leave or suffer any Horse, Cattle, Sheep, Pig, or Beast to graze or be and remain loose on the said Roads, or any of them, or on any Footway or Path on the Side or Sides thereof, or shall cause or occasion any Damage to be done to any such Footway or Path, or to any Posts or Rails on the Sides of any Part of the said Roads; or if any Person driving any Pigs or Swine upon the said Roads, or any of them, shall suffer them to root up or damage the same, or the Hedges or Fences on either Side thereof; or if any Person driving any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, shall ride on the Shafts or other Part of such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, or on any of the Horses drawing the same; or if any Person driving or having the Care of any Coach, Chaise, or other such like Carriage, upon the said Roads or any of them, shall drive the same without being seated on the Outside of such Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, or without holding the Reins; or if any Person driving or having the Care of any Carriage whatsoever, and meeting another Carriageshall not keep his or her Carriage on the Left or NearSide of the said Roads, and also keep on the same Side himself or herself; or if any Person shall in any other Manner wilfully prevent any other Person or Persons from passing him or her, or any Carriage under his or her Care upon the said Roads or any of them; or if any Person shall make or assist in making any Fire or Fires, or shall set fire to or let off or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent, or other Firework whatsoever, within Sixty Feet of the Centre of the said Roads or any of them, or play at Football or any other Game or Games on the said Roads or any of them, or on any Part or Parts thereof, or on any Footway or Path adjoining thereto, to the Annoyance of any Passenger or Passengers j or if any Person or Persons shall leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, (except in Cases of Accident) upon or on the Side of the said Roads or any of them, without a proper Person in the Custody or Care thereof, longer than may be necessary to load or unload the same, or shall not place the same during the Time of loading or unloading thereof as near to the Side of the said Roads as conveniently may be, either with or without any Horse or other Beast of Draught harnessed or yoked thereto; or if any Person, after having blocked any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, in going up any Hill or rising Ground, shall leave on the said Roads, or any of them, the Stone or other Matter or Thing used in such blocking; or shall plough, dig, or break up any of the Soil within Twenty Feet of the Centre of the said Roads or any of them, or shall scrape off any Soil or other Thing from the said Roads, or the Side or Sides thereof, or shall take up or carry away any Scrapings thereof, without Leave of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors; or if any Person or Persons shall wilfully commit any other Nuisance or Annoyance upon the said Roads or any of them, or on the Side or Sides thereof, every Person offending in any or either of the Cases aforesaid shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, One Moiety or Half Part whereof shall be allowed to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied for and towards the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act.

Gates to

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Gate and Gates,

Fieldstoopeo Door and Doors, to be hereafter placed in any Field or Ground, or to

inwards. any Erection or Building adjoining any Part of the said Roads, shall be i made

305

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xv.

made and hung to open and swing inward towards such Field or Ground,

Erection or Building, and not outward towards or into the said Roads; and it shall be lawful for any Five or more of the said Trustees to order all such Gates and Doors as are now erected or may hereafter be erected, and open and swing outward towards or into the said Roads or any of them, to be altered, and made to open and swing inward, as they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper; and if any Occupier or Occupiers of such Field or Ground, Erection or Building, upon or belonging to which any Gate or Gates, Door or Doors, is or are or shall be constructed, so as to open and swing outward towards the said Roads, or any of them, shall (after Ten Days Notice from the Surveyor of the said Roads, or any of them, requiring him, her, or them, to alter any such Gate or Gates, Door or Doors, and make the same to open and swing inward), refuse or neglect to make such Alteration, or after such Alteration shall have been once made shall again alter the same, every such Occupier or Occupiers shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Mortgagee or Mort- An Action of gagees of the said Tolls, Toll Gates, Toll Houses, and Buildings, shall Ejectment seek to obtain the Possession of the said Toll Gates, Toll Houses, and Buildings, in order to pay himself, herself, or themselves the Principal one Mort-Money and Interest, or any Part thereof, due to him, her, or them, it gagee. shall be competent for him, her, or them, as Lessor or Lessors of the Plaintiff, and upon his, her, or their Demise only, and without uniting in such Demise the other Mortgagees of the said Tolls and Premises, to obtain such Possession; but such Person or Persons who shall obtain the Possession thereof shall not apply the Tolls which may consequently be received by him, her, or them, to his, her, or their own exclusive Use and Benefit, but to and for the Use and Benefit of all the Mortgagees of the said Tolls, Toll Gates, Buildings and Premises, pari passu, and in Proportion to the several Sums which may be due to them as such Mortgagees.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Acts, Or- Justices to ders, Proceedings, Matters and Things whatsoever, which in and by the said recited Acts and this Act, or any or either of them, are directed to be Jurisdictions, heard, determined, made, done or executed by or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, shall be heard, determined, made, done and executed by or before some Justice or Justices of the Peace, for the County, City, or Place in which the Offence shall be committed, or within whose Jurisdiction the Matter, Cause, or Thing in question shall happen to be or arise; and that all Appeals directed by the said Acts, or either of them, to be made to Justices of the Peace at their General Quarter Sessions, shall be made to and heard and determined by the Justices of the Peace, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County,

City, or Place in which the Matter of Appeal shall arise j and that all Commitments to be made by any Justice or Justices, or by any Five or more of the Trustees of the said Roads, by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, or any of them, shall be to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, City, or Place in which the Offence shall arise; any thing in the said recited Acts, or either of them contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

[local.'} 4 H

308

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xv.

the County, City, or Place, or near to the Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed, to be dealt with according to Law, and such Justice is hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the hearing and determining of the Complaint.

Trustees may

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said InTormers. Trustees from Time to Time, if they shall see cause, to pay and apply such Part, not exceeding One Moiety, of any Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines by the said recited Acts and this Act, any or either of them, inflicted or authorized to be imposed (other than and except such as by the said Acts, any or either of them, are otherwise particularly directed to be applied) to and for the Use of the Informer or Informers, or any Person or Persons taking or seizing or assisting in taking or seizing any Offender or Offenders against the said recited Acts and this Act, or any or either of them.

Expences of

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and the Act to be Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, first dis-. shall immediately after the passing thereof, and in preference to all other c 4r^e Payments whatsoever, be paid and discharged by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, out of any Money which hath arisen by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them, or out of the first Monies which shall arise by virtue thereof, and of this Act, or out of any Money borrowed or to be borrowed on the Credit thereof respectively.

[Public Act.]

L. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

Term and

LI. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued Continuance by the said recited Acts, shall, from and after the said First Day of Septem-of the Act £er nextj ceaSe and determine; and that the said recited Acts (subject to the

Alterations, Additions, and Amendments in this Act contained) and this Act, shall commence, continue, and be in force, and be executed, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1820.

ANNO PRIMO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. xvi.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the

Town of Cheltenham to join the present Turnpike Road from Cheltenham to Paimivick, at or near to Prinknash Park Wall, in the County of Gloucester.

[22d June 1820.]

WHEREAS the present Road from the Town of Cheltenham towards the City of Bath is very hilly, inconvenient, and dangerous for Passengers: And whereas the making a new Road from the said Town of Cheltenham, to join the Turnpike Road from Cheltenham to Painswick, at or near to Prinknash Park Wall in the County of Gloucester, will afford a much more easy and convenient Communication, and be a considerable Accommodation, not only to the Towns of Cheltenham and Painswick, and to the populous manufacturing Districts of the County of Gloucester, but also to Travellers passing between the said Town of Cheltenham and the City of Bath aforesaid:

But such new Road cannot be made and maintained without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the acting Magis- Trustee *, trates for the County of Gloucester, the Honourable Henry Edward Somersect, commonly called Lord Henry Edward Somerset, the Honourable Henry Bathurst, commonly called Lord Apsley, the [LocaU] 41 Honourable

310

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. xvi.

Honourable John Dutton, Sir William Hicks Baronet, Sir Berkeley William Guise Baronet, Edward Webb, Robert Bamsby Cooper, Joseph Cripps, the Dean and Prebendaries of the Cathedral Church of the Holy and Indivisible Trinity in Gloucester, the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the City of Gloucester, John Adams, Richard Adey, Edward Aldridge, Charles Baker* William Baylis, William Baylis junior, Edward Baylis, Joseph Baylis, William Fitzhardinge Berkeley, Joseph Blisset, Edward Braynsford, James Buchanan, Nathaniel Burdock, Anthony Babb, Henry Burgh, James Hodge Byles, Christopher Capel, Edward Palling Caruthers, John Chadbom, Henry Clift, William Codring ton, Philip Combauld, Thomas Commeline, John Cook, Henry Cook, Thomas Cossens, John Cor, William Cox, George Cor, Charles Thomas Cor, Joseph Davis, William Davis, Thomas Davis, Jeremiah Day, William Drew, Nathan Driver, Nathan Driver junior, Henry Eycott, John Fear on, John Fletcher, Charles Fletcher, Ralph Fletcher, George Garlick, Samuel Goddard, Samuel Goddard junior, Thomas Gray, Thomas Griffiths, William Griffith, Charles Griffith, Theodore Gwinnett, William Gyde, Charles Gyde, William Halliday, Charles Hardwick, Henry William Harris, Peter Hawker, John Hawker, George Hayward, Thomas Heague, James Helps, Richard Helps, John Heath, Weston Hickes, Heathfield Weston Hickes, William Hicks, William Hinton, William Hodges, Thomas HoU brow, John Holbrow, Charles Horlick, Thomas Jones Howell, John Humpage, William Henry Hyett, William James, Edward Jerning-ham, John Jones, Edward Jones, Henry Yates Jones, Baynham Jones, Nathaniel Jones, John King, William Lawrence, John Little, John Loveday, William Loveday, Thomas Loveday, William Martin, Charles Matthias, Daniel Merrell, Thomas Minster, William Montague, Robert Morris, William Morris, Charles Edward Neville, Henry Newman, Charles Newman, Charles Newmarch, John Hervey Ollney, John Palling, Charles Palmer, William Parker, James Parsons, John Partridge, James Phelps, Thomas Phillips, John Phillpotts, John Phillpotts junior, William Powis, Richard Pruen, Thomas Rudge, Samuel Saunders, Vyner Snell, Samuel Snowden, John Snowden, William Stanton, William Synis, Thomas Smith, Joseph Cooper Strafford, Henry Thompson, Robert Lawrence Townsend, Henry Norwood Trye, Joseph Ellis Finer, Edmund Wick Finer, Thomas Walker, John Clarke Wallop, David Walters, James Woodbridge Walters, Jonathan Wane, Thomas Rushworth Ward, George Wathen, Nathaniel Watts, Joseph Watts, Peter Watts, David Whatley, John Aubrey Whitcombe, Jacob Wilkinson, John Wight, Joseph Wight, Robert Wight, Edward Wight, Stephen John Welch, Fletcher Welch, and Edward Wood, together with such Number of Persons not exceeding Ten, as they or any Five or more of them shall at their First Meeting nominate and appoint, shall be and they and their Successors, to be elected in the Manner herein-after mentioned, are hereby appointed Trustees for making and maintaining the said Road, and otherwise carrying this Act into Execution.

Power to

II. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any of elect other the Trustees hereby appointed, or to be elected and appointed in Trustees. Manner herein mentioned, shall die, or by Writing under their Hands decline, or for the Space of Two Years at any one Time 9 shall

311

l- GEORGII |V. Cap. xri.

shall neglect to act in the Execution, of this Act, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Trustees from Time to Time to elect and appoint One of more fit and proper Person or Persons to be a Trustee or Trustees, in the Room of every Trustee or Trustees dying, declining, or neglecting to act as aforesaid, provided that public Notice of the Time and Place of meeting of the said, Trustees for every such Election be given by any Two or more of the said Trustees, or the Clerk to the said Trustees, by affixing the same in Writing upon all the Toll Gates then erected upon the said Road, and by inserting such Notice in one or more of the Newspapers published within the County of Gloucester, Ten Days at least before every such Meeting; and every Person who shall be elected and appointed a Trustee or Trustees, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, shall and may act with the surviving and continuing Trustees in the Execution of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes, as if he or they had been named and appointed a Trustee or Trustees in and by this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of Qualification acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act unless he shall be in of Trustee *, his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession or Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Freehold or Copy-

hold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be Heir Apparent of a Person so seized of Freehold or Copyhold Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be possessed of a clear Personal Estate of the Amount or Value of Four thousand Pounds-; and if any Person not being so qualified shall presume to act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pav the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of Hi»

Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill,

Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and every Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, upon Proof being given of his having acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that all Acts and Proceedings by any such Person as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, previously to his being convicted of the said Offence, shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Trustee appointed Trustees to or to be elected and appointed by virtue of this Act, before he take an Oath, shall act as such, (except in administering the Oath herein-after mentioned), shall take and subscribe an Oath before Two or more of the said Trustees (who are hereby empowered to administer the same), in the Form or to the Effect following, (that is to say),

* JA.JB. do swear, That I am in my own Right (or, in the Right of my Wife), truly and bondjide seized or possessed of and in the ‘ actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Freehold or

* Copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the

clear

312

Trustees holding Places of Profit not to act.

Victuallers not to be Officers, oract as Trustees.

General Meetings of Trustees.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xvi.

clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprizes; or am 1 Heir Apparent of a Person truly and bona fide seized or possessed of and in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of ' Freehold or Copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds ‘ above Reprizes; or am truly and bona fide possessed of a clear Per-

* sonal Estate of the Amount or Value of Four thousand Pounds;

* and that I will truly and faithfully execute the Powers and Trusts re-

‘ posed in me by an Act of Parliament passed in the First Year of the ‘ Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled [here set forth the Title of this Act.] So help me GOD. ’

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act during the Time he shall hold any Place of Profit or be interested or concerned in any Contract or Contracts under this Act; but that no Mortgagee or Assignee of any Mortgage or other Security, nor any Lender of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by this Act, or receiving Interest thereout for the same, shall be on that Account deemed unqualified to act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, nor shall any Justice of the Peace be disqualified from acting as such by reason of his being a Trustee under this Act (except only in such Cases wherein he may be personally interested).

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons who shall keep any Victualling House or other House of Public Entertainment, or who shall sell any Wine, Cider, Beer, Ale, Spirituous or other strong Liquors by Retail, shall be capable of acting as a Trustee, or of taking, holding, or enjoying any Place or Places of Trust or Profit under the said Trustees, or of collecting the Tolls granted by this Act, during such Time as he, she, or they, shall keep such Victualling House, Ale-house, or other Place of public Entertainment, or shall sell any Wine, Cider, Beer, Ale, Spirituous or other strong Liquors by Retail; but no such Person shall be precluded from farming such Tolls, provided he, she, or they employ a Person or Persons to collect such Tolls, who shall not be under any such Incapacity.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at the Falcon Inn in Painswick, in the County of Gloucester, on the Third Tuesday next after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, and shall then proceed to carry this Act into Execution; and that the said Trustees shall then and from Time to Time afterwards adjourn themselves, and meet at such Time as they shall from Time to Time order and direct, provided that no Adjournment shall be made for any longer Time than Three Calendar Months; and if at any Meeting appointed to be held by virtue of this Act, there shall not appear a sufficient Number of Trustees to act, or in case the Trustees, at any Meeting assembled, shall not adjourn themselves, the Clerk to the said Trustees shall from Time to Time, as often as such Case shall happen, by Notice in Writing to be affixed on the Toll Gates then erected in, upon, across, or on the Sides of the said Road, and to be inserted in one or more of the Newspapers published within the City or County of Gloucester,

at

313

1 GEORGII IV. Cap. xvi.

at least Ten Days before the next intended Meeting, appoint the Trustees to meet at the Place where the last Meeting was appointed to have been held, on that Day Three Weeks next after the Day on which such last Meeting was appointed; provided always, that no Business shall be done or proceeded upon by the said Trustees, at any Meeting to be holden under this Act, before the Hour of Eleven in the Forenoon, nor shall any Adjournment be made at any Meeting appointed to be held at any later Hour than Three in the Afternoon of the Day on which such Meeting is appointed to be held; and all such Meetings, whether by Adjournment or Notice, shall be holden within the Town of Painswick aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of Meetings on the said Trustees, it shall at any Time be thought necessary that an Emergencies, earlier Day of Meeting should be appointed than the Day appointed

by such Adjournment, in that Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more of the said Trustees, or to and for the Clerk to the said Trustees, upon an Order in Writing, signed by Three or more of the said Trustees, to appoint the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, and to give Notice thereof in the Manner before directed, (such Meeting not being less than Seven Days after such Notice) and such earlier Meeting shall and may be held accordingly, and all the Orders and Determinations of the said Trustees, at all such Meetings, shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in case such Meetings had been held in pursuance of Adjournments.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Acts, Proceedings, Matters All Acts may and Things relative to the Execution of this Act, may be done and be done by executed by the Majority of the Trustees present at their respective ^Tniwtee? Meetings, the whole Number present not being less than Five; and unless overall Acts, Matters, and Tilings so done by any such Five or more wise directed. Trustees, shall be as good, valid, and effectual as if the same had

been done by all the Trustees herein named or to be appointed, except only in Cases herein particularly directed to be done and executed by any greater Number of Trustees, or the Majority of them; and such How Orders Trustees or the Majority of them, at all Meetings held in pursuance ^eT^u^eees of this Act, are hereby empowered to make all necessary Orders, made and Determinations, and Agreements for carrying this Act into Execu- revoked, tion, and no such Order, Agreement, or Determination shall be made unless the Majority of the Trustees present at such Meeting shall concur therein, such Majority not being less than the Number of Trustees by this Act authorized to make any such Order, Agreement, or Determination; and no such Order, Agreement, or Determination shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless special Notice shall be given at least Twenty-one Days before, in some public Newspaper usually circulated within the said County of Gloucester, of the Intention to apply to revoke or alter the same, nor unless a greater Number of Trustees shall concur in the Revocation or Alteration thereof than concurred in the making of any such Order, Agreement, or Determination; and the said Trustees, at all their Meetings, shall defray their own Expences and at every Meeting of the said Trustees a Chairman shall and may be appointed; and when Meetings.

[Local.'] 4, K and

314

Chairman to have a casting Vote.

Orders to be entered in a Book.

Accounts to be kept of Receipts and Disbursements.

Appointing Officers, Salaries, &c.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xvi.

and so often as it shall happen that there shall be an Equality of Votes at any such Meeting upon any Question, including the Vote of the Chairman, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the Chairman to give the decisive or casting Vote.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the Trustees shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and such Orders and Proceedings so entered shall be signed by the Trustees making the same, or by the Chairman at such Meeting; which Book or Books, and also the Book or Books hereinafter directed to be kept for registering Mortgages and Assignments, or Transfers thereof, shall be admitted as Evidence in all Courts whatever.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall, and they are hereby required, from Time to Time, and at all Times during the Continuance of this Act, to order and direct a Book or Books to be provided and kept by their Clerk for the Time being, in which Book or Books such Clerk shall enter or cause to be entered true and regular Accounts of all Sums of Money received, paid, laid out, and expended, for or on account of the said Road, and of the several Articles, Matters, and Things, for which any Sums of Money shall have been disbursed, laid out, and paid; which Book or Books shall at all seasonable times be open to the Inspection of the said Trustees, or any Creditor or Creditors on the Tolls granted by the said Acts, without Fee or Reward; and the said Trustees and Creditors shall or may take Copies of or Extracts from the said Book or Books, or any Part or Parts thereof, without paying any thing for the same; and in case the said Clerk shall refuse to permit the said Trustees, or such Creditors, or any of them to inspect the same, or take such Copies or Extracts as aforesaid, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied and recovered in manner herein-after directed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and they are hereby empowered, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint a Clerk and Treasurer, and one or more Collector or Collectors of the said Tolls, and a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and such other Officers as they shall think necessary, and from Time to Time to remove such Clerk, Treasurer, Collectors, Surveyors, and other Officers, or any of them, and on such Removal, or on Death or Resignation, to appoint others in their Stead; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, out of any of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, to allow and pay to the Clerk, Treasurer, Collectors, Surveyors, and other Officers, and to such other Person or Persons as shall be assisting them or any of them in or about the Execution of this Act, such Salaries, Rewards, and Allowances for their Attendance, Care, Labour, and Services, as the said Trustees shall deem reasonable; and all such Officers and Persons shall from Time to Time, when thereunto required by the said Trustees, deliver to such Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall for that

5 Purpose

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xvi.

Purpose appoint, true, exact, and perfect Accounts in Writing under their respective Hands, of all Monies which they and every of them respectively shall have received to that Time by virtue of this Act, and iiow much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their or any of their Hands to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, and not otherwise; and if any such Officer or Person shall refuse or neglect to produce or deliver up such Vouchers relating to the same, or shall refuse or neglect to pay the Money due on such Account in Manner aforesaid; or if any such Officer or Person shall refuse or neglect to deliver up to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Ten Days after being thereunto required by the said Trustees, all the Books, Papers, or Writings in his Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, then and in every or any of the said Cases it shall be lawful for any one Justice of the Peace for the County of Gloucester, upon Complaint made to him by any Five or more of the said Trustees, and such Justice is hereby required by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to cause such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, to be brought before him, and upon his, her, or their appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way, and to settle the said Account or Accounts, if produced; and if upon Confession of the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, against whom any such Complaint shall be made, or by the Oath or Oaths of any Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward), or upon Inspection of the said Accounts, if produced, it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Money which shall have been collected or received shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required on Non-payment thereof, by a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; and if no Goods and Chattels can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining and selling the same; or if such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, shall not appear before the said Justice at the Time and Place by him appointed for that Purpose, unless for some sufficient Reason, or if appearing, shall refuse or neglect to give and deliver to such Justice an Account or Accounts of all Receipts and Payments as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up to the said Justice the several Vouchers and Receipts relating to such Accounts respectively, or the Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings in his, her, or their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, or to the said Road; then and in either of the Cases aforesaid, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required by a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the same County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall have given and made a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded and agreed with the said Trustees, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as the said Trustees shall

316

Treasurer, &c. to give Security.

Trustees may appoint temporary Collectors, &c.

Obtaining Possession of Toll Houses.

Clerk restrained from acting as Treasurer, and vice

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. i.

shall appoint (which Composition the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make), or until he shall have delivered up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or made Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees:Provided, that no Person who shall be so committed for Want of sufficient Distress shall be detained in Prison by virtue of this Act for a longer Space of Time than Three Calendar Months.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required to take sufficient Security from the Treasurer, Receiver, Collector or Collectors, or other Officers to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act, for the faithful Execution of their respective Offices; and that no such Treasurer, Receiver, Collector, or other Officer shall be permitted to enter upon such their Offices respectively until they shall have given such Security.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Incapacity, Absconding, or Absence of any Collector or Receiver of Tolls, any Five or more of the said Trustees, though not assembled at any Meeting of the Trustees appointed by virtue of this Act, by Writing under their respective Hands, shall and may nominate and appoint a proper Person to be a Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls, to continue until the then next Meeting of the said Trustees, in the Stead of such Collector or Receiver as shall so die, become incapable, abscond, or absent himself; which Person so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner in all Respects as the Person who shall die, become incapable, abscond, or absent himself, would have had or been subject to; and if any Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls, who shall be discharged from his said Office by the said Trustees, or the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or Representatives of any Collector or Receiver who shall die, abscond, absent himself, or be discharged, or any other Person having the Possession of any Toll House or Buildings to be erected or set up by virtue of this Act, shall neglect or refuse to deliver up such Possession for the Space of Three Days after Demand thereof made, and Notice in Writing given for that Purpose by any Five or more of the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Treasurer, then and in any of the said Cases it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Gloucester, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer for the same County, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such House or Building in the Day-time, and to remove the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods out of the same, and to put the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or any of their Officers, in the Possession thereof.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to appoint the Person who may be appointed to act as their Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk, the Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or to appoint the Person who may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, the Clerk to the said Trustees for executing this Act; and if

any

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xvi. 317

any Person shall act in both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer shall act as Clerk in the Execution of this Act, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and Trustees may

be sued for or concerning any thing to be done by virtue or in pursu- »ue and be ance of this Act in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer for the ^eoft'heir

Time being; and that no Action or Suit brought or commenced by or e'r

the Direction of or against the said Trustees by virtue of this Act in Treasurer, the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, shall abate or be discontinued

by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk or Treasurer, or by the Act of any such Clerk or Treasurer, without the Consent of the said Trustees; but that the Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being to the said Trustees, shall be deemed to be Plaintiff or Defendant as the Case may be, in every such Action; provided always, that every such Clerk and Treasurer in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, sued, prosecuted, or defended, in pursuance of the said Acts and this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid, out of the Monies to

arise by virtue of this Act, all such Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as, by the Event or in consequence of any such Action or Proceeding, he shall pay, bear, expend, or be put unto or become chargeable with, by reason of his being so made Plaintiff' or Defendant as aforesaid.

XVII. And, for the Purpose of collecting and receiving the Tolls Power to herein-after granted and made payable, be it enacted, That the «rectTo11 said Trustees, or such other Person or Persons as they shall direct tjates' and appoint, shall and may erect or cause to be erected such and so

many Toll Gates or Toll Bars, in, upon, or across such Parts and in such Places of the said Road; and also such and so many Toll Gates or Toll Bars on the Sides of the said Road, and in, upon, or across any Street, Lane, or Bye-way, that does or shall lead into or out of the same respectively, as they the said Trustees shall think proper and expedient; and also shall or may erect or provide a Toll House with suitable Buildings, a Garden, and other Conveniences, not exceeding Twenty Perches of Land, at or near to each of such Toll Gates or Toll Bars.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of Toll Houses, and in all the Toll Gates and Toll Houses, Weighing Machines, Build- &c-vested ings, Lamps, Bars, Toll Boards, Direction Boards, Posts, Rails, AriUitees and Fences which shall be erected and provided in pursuance of

this Act, with the several Conveniences and Appurtenances thereunto respectively belonging, and the Materials of which the same shall consist, and all Materials which shall be provided for repairing the said Road, shall be vested in the said Trustees for the Time being,

318

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xvi.

and they are hereby authorized and empowered to apply and dispose of the same as they shall think fit; and to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions, and to prefer and prosecute, or order and direct the preferring and prosecuting of any Informations or Indictments against any Person or Persons, who shall dig up, break, or pull down, steal, take, or carry away, spoil, destroy, injure or damage any of the Toll Gates or Toll Houses, Weighing Machines, Buildings, Lamps, Bars, Toll Boards, Direction Boards, Posts, Rails, and Fences, or any of the Conveniences and Appurtenances thereto belonging, or any of the Materials aforesaid, or shall interrupt them the said Trustees or any of their Officers in the Possession thereof, and it shall be sufficient to state generally the Property therein to be in their Clerk for the Time being.

Power to re-

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be move Toll lawful for the said Trustees, as they shall think proper, to cause

a e, ‘ any of the Toll Gates or Toll Bars which are or shall be erected in,

upon, or across or on the Side or Sides of the said Road to be removed, and placed upon such other Part or Parts of the said Road, or the Side or Sides thereof, as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time order and direct, provided that none of the said Toll Gates or Toll Bars shall be removed as aforesaid, unless Fourteen Days previous Notice of the Intention to remove the same shall have been given in one or more of the Newspapers published within the County of Gloucester aforesaid, and also affixed in Writing upon all the Toll Gates then standing upon the said Road.

Power to

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said take Tolls. Trustees, or any Person or Persons to be appointed by virtue of this Act Collector or Collectors as aforesaid, to demand and take at the Toll Gates or Toll Bars which shall be erected in, upon, across, or on the Side or Sides of the said Road by this Act directed to be made, or in, upon, or on the Side of any Street, Lane, or Way leading into or out of any Part of the said Road, once in every Day (such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night), the several Tolls and Duties following; (that is to say),

Tolta. For every Horse, Mare, Mule, Ass, Ox, or other Beast or Cattle

drawing any Carriage; the Sum of Eight-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Mule, or Ass, not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Drove of Oxen or other Neat Cattle the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence per Score, and so in Proportion, for any greater or less Number: And,

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, Lambs, or Swine, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number.

Tolls vested And such Tolls shall be demanded and taken before any Horse in the Trus- or Horses, or other Beast or Cattle be permitted to passthrough tee6, any such Toll Gate or Toll Bar; and all and every Sum and

Sums of Money which shall arise and be produced therefrom shaD be vested in the said Trustees for the Time being, and the same and every

319

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. 5cvi.

every thereof shall be paid, applied, disposed of, and assigned in such Manner as is herein-after mentioned; and if any Person or Persons subject t6 the Payment of ally of the said Tolls, shall, after Demand thereof made by the Person or Persons authorized to receive the same, neglect dr refuse the Payment thereof, or any Part or Parts thereof", it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so authorized to seize and distrain any Horse or Cattle, Beast or Carriage, upon which any Toll is by this Act imposed, or ahybfthe Loading, Harness, or Accoutrements thereof respectively, (save and except the Bridle or Bridles thereof, without the Horse or other Beast,) or any of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons neglecting or refusing to pay the same; and if such Tdlls, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and keeping the same, shall not be paid within the Space of Three Days after the Day of making such Distress, the Person or Persons so distraining shall and may, at any Time or Times thereafter, sell the Horse, Cattle, Beast, Carriage, Goods, and Chattels so distrained, or a sufficient Part of such Goods and Chattels, and out of the Money Which shall arise by such Sale pay such Tolls and all reasonable Charges incurred by such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus of the Money which shall arise by such Sale, and what shall remain unsold (if any), upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners thereof.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall happen For settling

about the Amount of the Tolls due, or the Charges of making, keep- Disputescon-ing, or selling any Distress, it shall be lawful for the Collector or 1 6

Person distraining, to retain such Distress, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof (as the Case may happen), until the Amount of the Tolls due, and of the Charges of the Distress and Sale, and of keeping the Distress (a^ the Case shall happen), shall be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the said "County of Gloucester, who cm Application made to him for that Purpose shall examine the Matter on the Oath of the Parties or other Witness or Witnesses, and shall determine the Amount of the Tolls due, and shall award Such Costs and Charges to either Party as to the said Justice shall appear right and proper; all which Costs and Charges shall and may be levied and recovered, in case of Non-payment thereof forthwith, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons liable to pay the sartie, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting the Costs'and Charges of making such Distress and Sale, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and sold.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Person having paid the said Number of Toll at any one Gate shall be liable to pay Toll at any other Gate Tol, s Upon the said Road on the same Day within the Distance oft Four

Miles from the Toll Gate at which such Toll shall have been ifiist

S' aid, for or in respect of the same Horse, Cattle, or other Beast rawing or not drawing, and that in no case shall any Person 'be stibject to bay the Tolls hereby granted at more than Two Gates the s&bie Day, for the same Cattle, Horse, or other Beast, but that in eaelf Such Case the Collector or Collectors of the Tolls shall <r>n

Reeeipt

320

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxi.

Receipt of such Toll deliver gratis to every Person requiring the same, a Ticket or Tickets denoting such Payment or respective Payments, which Ticket or Tickets shall be sufficient Evidence to all other Collectors on the said Road of such Payment or respective Payments, and the Party or Parties shall be allowed to pass and repass any Number of Times in the same Day, without any further Demand of Toll on that Account; and on the Tickets so to be delivered there shall be printed and specified the Names of such Gates as are freed by the Payment or Payments so to be made as aforesaid.

To prevent

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, Evasion of with any Horse, Cattle, or Beast, drawing or not drawing, in order 0 3‘ to avoid Payment of the said Tolls, or any of them, pass through any Land or Ground adjoining to or lying near any Toll Gate or Toll Bar, to be erected by virtue of this Act (except the Owner or Occupier of any such Land or Ground, or any of his, her, or their Family or Servants); or if any Owner or Occupier of any such Land or Ground shall knowingly permit or suffer any Person or Persons (except as aforesaid) with any Horse, Cattle, or Beast to pass through the same, with Intent to evade the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall give to or receive from any Person other than the Collectors of such Tolls, or forge or counterfeit any Ticket by this Act directed to be given by the Collectors of the said Tolls, or shall forcibly pass through any Toll Gate or Toll Bar with any Horse, Cattle, or Beast, without Payment of Toll, or shall take off any Horse, Beast, or other Cattle from any Carriage, with Intent to evade the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, or shall leave or cause to be left upon or near to any Part of the said Road any Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or Beast, with an Intent to evade the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, every Person so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

Exemptions

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or of Toll‘ taken for any Horses or Carriages attending His Majesty or any of the Royal Family, or for any Horse or Cattle which shall not pass more than One hundred Yards on the said Road; nor for any Horse or Cattle drawing any Carriage, passing through any of the Toll Gates or Toll Bars to be erected upon or on the Sides of the said Road, employed only in carrying or conveying, or going empty to fetch, carry, or convey, or returning empty from conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Stones, Bricks, Lime, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials to be used on or about the said Road, or for repairing any of the Highways or Bridges in the Parishes, Districts, or Places, which are liable to perform Statute Duty upon any Part of the said Road; nor for any Horse or Cattle drawing any Carriage employed in carrying or conveying Hay, not having been stacked, Straw, or Corn in the Straw, only going to be laid up in the Houses, Out Houses, Barns, or Yards of the Owners thereof, or drawing, carrying, or conveying any

Plough,

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. xvi.

Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Husbandly, to be used in the Cultivation of Lands, carried from one Part to another of Lands occupied by the same Person or Persons, or in carrying or conveying Mould, Dung, Ashes, Soil, or Compost, for the manuring of Lands, or on their Way to or on their Return after having been so employed; nor. from any Rector, Vicar, or Curate, going to or returning from performing his Duty at any Church or Chapel, or to or from visiting any of his sick Parishioners; nor of or from any other Person or Persons for passing through any of the said Toll Gates or Toll Bars, to or from his, her, or their proper parochial Church or Chapel or from any Person or Persons going to or from his, her, or their usual Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, on Sundays, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or who shall attend the Funeral of any Person or Persons who shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes, Districts, or Places; nor for any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Ass, or Cattle, kept within such Parishes, Districts, or Places, going to or returning from Work, in cultivating Lands therein; nor for any Horse or Cattle going to or returning from Water or Pasture, or going to or return-from being shod or farried; nor for any Horse or Carriage of whatsoever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding the same, or in returning back from conveying the same; nor for the Horses of Officers and Soldiers on their March or on Duty; nor for Carriages or Horses or other Beasts employed in carrying the Arms or Baggage of such Officers or Soldiers, or in carrying any sick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers; nor for any Horae, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, or to any Field Officers, Adjutant, or other mounted Officer of Volunteer Infantry, and rode by him in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided that all such Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations'provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption and not otherwise; nor for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, or the Horse or Horses, or other Cattle drawing the same, which shall be employed in conveying any Ordnance or Barrack or other Public or Commissariat Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces; nor for any Carriage, Horse, or other Beast employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants travelling with legal Passes, or returning after having been so employed; nor for any Horse or Carriage going to or returning from any Election of a Knight of the Shire, to serve in Parliament for the said County of Gloucester on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person shall claim and take the Benefit of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled thereto, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

[Loco/.]

4 M

322

Carriages employed in His Majesty's Service not to be subject to Regulations for Overweight.

II

Privileges and Exemptions

Collectors declared not to be incnm-

Tolls may be reduced.

Trustees may compound for Tolls.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xvi.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or driving,

or causing to be driven, any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, provided for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat or other Public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, shall be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture for Overweight, nor shall any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, while so employed, be stopped or detained by reason of any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Number of Horses or Cattle; but it shall be lawful for any Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage to put any Number of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, any thing in any Act of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Wheels of the Width and Description, and the Axle-trees fixed as mentioned and set forth in or by an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the Trustees of Turnpike Roads to abate the Tolls on Carriages, and to allow of their carrying extra Weight in certain Cases, shall be entitled to and have and enjoy the Privileges and Exemptions granted by the said Act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation shall arise touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls the Person or Persons appointed to collect the same, or any other Person or Persons acting under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall not be incompetent on account of his being appointed to collect such 'Polls, to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees from Time to Time, when and so often as they shall think proper, to lessen or reduce any of the Tolls which shall be payable at all or any of the Toll Gates to be erected by virtue of this Act, and to raise the same again, so as they do not at any Time exceed the Tolls by this Act granted and made payable, and so as every Reduction thereof be made with the Consent of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to Five-sixth Parts of the Money then due on the Security of the Tolls; but no such Reduction shall be made unless Twenty-one Days Notice thereof be affixed on the Toll Gates then erected across the said Road, and also inserted in one or more of the Newspapers published or generally circulated in the County of Gloucester.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, from Time to Time as they shall see convenient, to compound and agree for any Term not exceeding Three Years at any one Time, with all or any of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, Hamlets, or Places, to or through which the said intended Road may lead or pass, for the passing of their Horses, Cattle, or Carriages through all or any of the Toll Gates to be erected on the said Road or

io on

323

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xvi.

on. the Sides thereof, which Composition shall be paid yearly in Advance, and in Default thereof, the Composition or Agreement with the Person or Persons making such Default shall thenceforth be void; and all such Composition Money shall be paid and applied in such Manner as the Tolls are hereby directed to be paid and applied.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, in such Manner and Form as is mentioned and directed in that Behalf in and by an Act of Parliament passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the General Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes, from Time to Time to lease and demise the said Tolls granted by this Act, and arising upon the said Road intended to be made, repaired, and amended by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, for any Time or Term of Years not exceeding Three Years at any one Time, for the best Price that can be gotten for the same, payable at such Time and under such Covenants as the said Trustees shall think fit, they the said Trustees taking a Counterpart of all such Lease and Leases, and taking sufficient Security from the Person or Persons to whom such Tolls shall be leased and demised, for Payment of the Rents and Performance of the Covenants to be reserved and comprized in such Lease or Leases, as the said Trustees shall think fit.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That during such Time as the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be leased to any Person or Persons whomsoever, it shall be lawful for the Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers thereof, or such other Person or Persons as he, she, or they shall, by Writing or Writings under his, her, or their Hand or Hands authorize or appoint, to demand and take the said Tolls so leased, demised, or farmed; and to use all such Means and Methods for the Recovery thereof, in case of Non-payment or Evasion, as any Collector of the said Tolls appointed under or by virtue of this Act is by this Act authorized and empowered to use $ and such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, so demanding and taking the said Tolls, shall be subject to the like Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and shall be liable to the like Actions and Prosecutions as any Collector of the said Tolls appointed by the said Trustees is subject or liable to.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Lessee or Lessees, or Farmer or Farmers of the Tolls at any Toll Gate or Toll Bar to be erected upon the said Road, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, Agent or Agents, shall make any Composition, by the Year or otherwise, with the Inhabitants of any Town or Place, or with any Person or Persons whomsoever, for and in lieu of the Tolls of any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, liable to be weighed at any Engine or Engines to be erected upon the said Road, for or in respect of the Over-weight thereof j and in case any Lessee or Farmer, or Deputy or Agent shall offend herein, every such Lessee or Farmer, or Deputy or Agent, shall

on

Power to lease the Tolls.

Leasees of Tolls may appoint Perceive the

Penalty on Reuters of Tolls compounding for Overweight.

324 1° GEORGII IV. Cnp.xvi.

on Conviction thereof, by Confession or upon the Oath of One Witness, before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Gloucester, forfeit and pay, besides the Costs and Charges attending the Conviction, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and shall also forfeit his or their Contract or Lease for renting the Tolls, if the Trustees shall think proper to order that the same shall be thereupon vacated and made void; and every such Composition shall be and the same is hereby declared to be nidi and void; and One Moiety of every such Penalty as aforesaid shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Road, to be applied towards the Repair thereof; the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so convicted, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices as aforesaid.

Punishing

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Toll Collector, Collectors whether appointed by the said Trustees, or by any Lessee or Lessees misbehaving. un(jerthem, shall and he is hereby required to place his Christian and Surname painted on a Board in legible Characters, in the Front or on some other conspicuous Part of the Toll House or Toll Gate, immediately upon his coming on Duty, each of the Letters of such Name or Names to be at least Two Inches in Length and of a Breadth in Proportion, and painted in White Letters on a Black Ground, or Black Letters on a White Ground, and shall continue the same so placed during the whole Time he shall be upon such Duty; and if any Collector of the said Tolls shall not place such Board as aforesaid, and keep the same there during the Time aforesaid, or shall demand or take a greater or less Toll from any Person or Persons than he shall be authorized to do by virtue of the Powers of this Act, or shall demand and take a Toll from any Person or Persons who shall be exempt from the Payment thereof, and claim such Exemption, or shall refuse to permit or suffer, or shall in anywise hinder any Person or Persons from reading such Christian or Surname, or shall refuse to tell his Christian or Surname to any Person or Persons who shall demand the same on having paid the said Tolls or any of them, or shall give a false Name or Names on such Demand, or shall refuse or neglect to give a Ticket to denote the Payment of the Toll, such Ticket having specified thereon the severarGates freed by such Payment, or shall make use of any scurrilous or blasphemous Language to any Trustee, Treasurer, Clerk, Surveyor, or other Officer, or to any Person or Persons travelling upon the said Road, or shall without sufficient Cause detain or delay any Person or Persons travelling thereon, then and in every such Case every such Collector shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, as the Justice or Justices before whom the Information shall be laid shall adjudge and determine.

For borrow.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful iDg Money to and for the said Trustees at any Meeting to borrow and take on the seen- up at Interest, upon the Credit and Security of the Tolls to arise Tolls 18 by virtue of this Act, in such Manner as they shall think proper, such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think fit; and for securing the Repayment of all such Sum and Sums, with Interest, they the said

325

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xvi.

said Trustees are hereby empowered from Time to Time by any Writing or Writings under their Hands to demise or mortgage the said Tolls, or any Part or Parcel thereof, and the Toll Gates and the Toll Houses for collecting the same during the Continuance of this Act, (the Charges of such Mortgages to be paid out of such Tolls) as a Security or Securities to any Person or Persons who shall advance such Sum or Sums of Money, their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Money so to be advanced with Interest for the same, which Writing or Writings may be made in the form Following; (that is to say),

£Y virtue of an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His Form of Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled [here set'forth the Title Mortgage. of this Act,] We of the Trustees for putting the said Act into

Execution, in Consideration of the Sum of in hand

advanced and paid by A.B. of to the Treasurer of the said Road, do hereby grant, bargain, sell, and demise unto the said A.B. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for and during the Continuance of the said Act, such Proportion of the Tolls to arise upon the said Road, and the Toll Gates and Toll Houses already or hereafter to be made and erected for collecting the same as the said Sum of doth or shall bear to the whole

Sum now or hereafter to become due and owing on the Security ‘ thereof, to be had and holden from the Day of the Date hereof

* for and during the Continuance of the said Act, unless the said

‘ Sum of with Interest after the Rate of per

* Centum per Annum shall be sooner repaid and satisfied. Given

* under our Hands, this Day of.

And Copies of all such Mortgages shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees, and which said Book or Books shall and may at all seasonable Times be perused and inspected without Fee or Reward; and it shall be lawful for all Persons respectively to whom any Mortgage shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be from Time to Time entitled to the Money thereby secured, to assign or transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, and Interest in and to such Mortgage, and the Principal Money and Interest thereby secured to any other Person or Persons whomsoever; which Assignment or Transfer may be made in the following Words, or Words to the like Effect, to be indorsed on such Mortgage Security, or to be underwritten or thereunto annexed, and signed in the Presence of and attested by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses j (that is to say,)

r A.B. or I C. D• Assignee, Executor, or Administrator of A.B. Form of

* A [as the Case may happen] do hereby assign and transfer this Transfer- Mortgage Security, with all my Right and Title to the Principal

* Money thereby secured, and all Interest now due and hereafter to

* grow due upon the same, unto E. F. of his Executors,

« Administrators, and Assigns. Dated this Day of

* Witness to the signing hereof, : *

Which Transfer shall be produced and notified to the Clerk or Trea- Transfers to surer of the said Trustees within Two Calendar Months next after be entered-the Day of the Date thereof, who shall enter the same in the said Book [Local.'] 4 N or

Copies to be entered.

Power to assign.

326

Allowing uii Action ot Ejectment may be supported by one Mortgagee.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xn.

or Books, for which Entry the said Clerk or Treasurer shall be paid the Sum of Five Shillings and no more; and such Transfer shall then entitle such Assignee, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns to the full Benefit of such Mortgage Security; and every such Assignee may in like Manner assign or transfer the same, and so toties quoties; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons (except the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be last transferred, his, her, or their respective Executors or Administrators), to release, discharge, or make void the original Mortgage Security, or the Monies due thereon or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom any such Mortgage or Transfer shall be made as aforesaid shall, in Proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money thereby secured, be Creditors on the Tolls by this Act granted, and on the said Toll Gates and Toll Houses in equal Degree one with another, or in such Order as shall be agreed upon and stipulated by the said Trustees at the Time of the Advance of their respective Shares.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Mortgagee or Mortgagees of the Tolls granted by this Act shall seek to obtain the Possession of the Toll Gates, Toll Houses, and Buildings erected on the said Road, in order to pay himself, herself, or themselves, the Principal Money and Interest, or any Part thereof, due to him, hers or them, it shall be competent for him, her, or them as Lessor or Lessors of the Plaintiff, and upon his, her, or their Demise only, and without uniting in such Demise the other Mortgagees of the said Tolls and Premises to obtain such Possesion; but such Person or Persons who shall obtain the Possession thereof shall not apply the Tolls which may consequently be received by him, her, or them, to his, her, or their own exclusive Use and Benefit, but to and for the Use and Benefit of all the Mortgagees of the said Tolls, Toll Gates, Buildings and Premises, pari passu, and in Proportion to the several Sums which may be due to them as such Mortgagees.

Application

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies which shall of the Money. ar][se and producedby and from the Tolls by this Act granted and made payable, together with the Monies which shall be borrowed upon the Credit thereof, and all other Monies which shall arise and be produced by virtue of this Act, and not herein otherwise appropriated or directed to be applied, shall be vested in the said Trustees for the Time being, and be applied to and for the several Uses, Intents and Purposes, and in the Order and Manner following; that is to say, in the first Place, in Payment of all the Costs, Charges, and Expences which have been incurred or incidental to or attending the applying for and obtaining and passing of this Act; in the second Place, in defraying the Expences of purchasing Land which may be necessary for the making and widening of the said intended Road, and erecting and keeping in repair the necessary Toll Gates and Toll Houses thereon; in the third Place, in paying the Interest accruing from Time to Time upon the several Principal Sums of Money which shall from Time to Time be borrowed and secured in pursuance of this Act, either rateably or in such Order as shall be stipulated and agreed upon with the Parties advancing the same; in the fourth Place, in keeping the said Road in Repair$ and lastly, in discharging the 8 several

327

l° GEORGII IV. Cap. xvi.

several Principal Sums of Money which shall be secured in pursuance of this Act.

XXXVIL. And whereas a Map or Plan, describing the Line of the Road Road to be intended to be made, and the Lands through which such Line is to |"adte0pjCa°rd" be carried, together with a Book of Reference containing the List of ing 10 an* the Names of the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, hath been deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Gloucester; be it therefore enacted, That the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference shall remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, to the End that all Persons may, at all seasonable Times, have liberty to inspect and peruse the same, and take Copies and Extracts therefrom at their Will and Pleasure, paying to such Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection, and at the Rate of Sixpence for every Seventy-two Words of such Copies or Extracts; and that the said Trustees, in making such Road shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards from the Line described in the said Map or Plan, without the Consent and Approbation in Writing of the Person or Persons, Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, through whose Lands or Grounds such Deviation shall be made.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall Lands mark-be lawful for the said Trustees to make the said Road into, through, ^ln^eu^n across, or over the Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises of any Person 0atJmth-USe or Persons who is or are or may be the Owner or Owners of Lands standing

or Premises over which the same or any Part thereof is or are set out Errors in and described in the said Map or Plan as aforesaid, although the Name or Names of such Person or Persons may happen to be erroneously described or omitted in the said Book of Reference, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Gloucester, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error or Omission proceeded from Mistake, or was not wilful; and such Certificate shall be deposited with and remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to Trustees, and for their Surveyors or Surveyor, and Workmen, with enter Lands or without Carriages and Cattle, from Time to Time to enter upon j£o^ke the Lands and Premises through which or whereupon the said Road

hereby authorized to be made, or any Alteration thereof, is intended to pass, and also upon any adjoining Lands or Grounds, and to stake out the said Road, and to cut and make any Drains or Ditches through or into any Lands or Grounds adjoining or lying contiguous to any Part thereof, and to make a temporary Way or Ways through or over any such adjoining Lands or Grounds (not being a Garden, Yard,

Orchard, Park, Paddock, Planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, or inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees) to be made use of as a Public Highway, whilst the narrow or ruinous Parts of the said Road are being widened or altered, and until the said Road shall be made safe and convenient for the Passage of Travellers and Carriages in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think necessary or proper, without being deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, and without being subject

328

Trustees restrained from pulling down Dwelling Houses without Consent of the Owners.

T rustees to fence the new Road.

Trustees may purchase

Corporations, &c. empowered to sell.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xvi.

subject or liable to any Fine, Penalty, or Punishment for entering or continuing upon any Part or Parts of such Lands or Grounds respectively, for any of the Purposes of this Act, making Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands and Grounds for the Damages that shall be thereby occasioned; such Damages to be ascertained and settled, in case of Dispute concerning the same, in the same Manner as the Value of Lands to be purchased or used by virtue of this Act is hereinafter directed to be ascertained and settled in case of Dispute; and if any Person shall pull up, remove, or destroy any of the Stakes or other Marks used in laying out any Part of such Road, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XL. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the Powers and Authorities hereby given shall not in any Case be construed to extend to empower or authorize the said Trustees to take or pull down any Dwelling House or other Building, or to take in or make use of any Orchard, Garden, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, or any Part thereof respectively, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Proprietor thereof first had and obtained, other than and except such as are marked or described in the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference; any thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the said Trustees shall by virtue of this Act make any Part of the said Road over and through any private Grounds, or shall take away any Fence for widening, diverting, or turning any Road already made, the said Trustees shall make or cause to be made proper Fences or Stone Walls on both Sides of such new-made Road, or on the Side upon which any such Fence shall be so removed as aforesaid, so as effectually to guard and fence off the Lands adjoining to such Road, and also proper Gates, Bridges, and Arches, where necessary, out of the said Road into the Lands adjoining, and shall keep such Fences so to be made in good Order and Repair for and during the Term of One Year from the Time that such Fences shall have been made or set up.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any private Lands or Grounds through which the said Road shall be set out, for the Purchase of so much of such Lands or Grounds as shall be required for the making of such Road, or for the Loss or Damage which such Owners or Persons interested, or any of them, shall or may sustain by such making, forming, widening, turning, or diverting any Part or Parts of the said Road by this Act authorized to be made; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, or other Trustees whatsoever, for or on Behalf of any Infants, Femes Covert, Cestuique Trust, and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be

seized.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xvi.

seized, possessed of, or interested in any such Lands or Grounds either for their own Use or Benefit, or for the Use of or in in Trust for such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, to contract and agree with the said Trustees, and to sell and convey to them all such Lands and Grounds as shall be required for the Purposes aforesaid; and all Contracts, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made, shall, without any Fine or Fines, Common Recovery or Common Recoveries, be valid and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes; any Law, Statute, Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding; and if any such Ownef, Proprietor, Occupier, Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or Trustees, or any other Person or Persons interested in any such Lands or Grounds, upon Notice to him, her, or them given in Writing, or left at the Dwelling House or Houses, or Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Head Officer or Officers of such Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Lands or Grounds so intended to be taken or used for the Purposes of this Act, shall, by the Space of Forty Days after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case the said Trustees shall cause it to be inquired into and ascertained by and on the Oath of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the County of Gloucester (which Oath any Two or more of the said Trustees are hereby empowered and required to administer) what Damages will be sustained by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers, or other Person or Persons interested, for, upon, or on account of the taking or using of such Lands or Grounds for the Purposes of this Act; and in order thereto, the said Trustees are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to summon and call before the said Jury, and examine upon Oath, all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who shall be thought necessary and proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses touching or concerning the Premises, (which Oath any Two or more of the said Trustees are hereby empowered to administer); and after the said Jury shall have inquired of, ascertained, and settled such Damage and Recompence, the said Trustees shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the said Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury, to be paid to the said Owners, Occupiers, or Proprietors of or other Persons interested in the said Lands or Grounds, according to such Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury; which said Verdict or Inquisition, and Judgment, Order, or Determination so had and made, shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, against all Parties and Persons whomsoever, claiming in Possession, in Fee, or in Tail, General or Special, Reversion or Remainder, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well absent as present, Infants, Femes Covert, and Persons under any Disability whatsoever, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as well as all Persons whomsoever; and for summoning or returning of such Jury or Juries, the said Trustees are [Local.'] 4 O hereby

1° GEORGII IV. Cflp.xvi.

hereby empowered to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the County of Gloucester, thereby commanding and requiring him to impannel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Persons, to appear before the said Trustees at such Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed; and the said Sheriff or his Deputy or Deputies is and are hereby required to impannel, summon, and return such Number accordingly, and out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear on such Summons, the said Trustees shall swear or cause to be sworn Twelve who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaidj and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen the said Sheriff or his Deputy or Deputies shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be speedily procured to attend that Service to the Number of Twelve; and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn, but shall not challenge the Array; and the said Trustees acting in the Premises shall have Power from Time to Time to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons that shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and shall not appear without sufficient Excuse, or who shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or being so sworn, refusing to give or not giving their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglecting their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and on any of the Persons who being required to give Evidence before the said Jury touching the Premises shall refuse or neglect to appear, without sufficient Excuse, or appearing, shall refuse to be sworn and give Evidence, having been paid or tendered his reasonable Costs, Charges, and Expences, and from Time to Time to levy and apply such Fine or Fines in the same Manner as other Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines are herein-after directed to be levied and applied, so that such Fine shall not exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds upon any such Sheriff or his Deputy, and the Sum of Five Pounds upon any other of the Persons aforesaid for any one Offence.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury shall give in and deliver^ Verdict or Assessment for more Money as a Recompence for the Right, Interest, or Property of any Person or Persons in any Lands or Hereditaments, or of any Loss or Damage to be by him, her, or them sustained than what shall have been offered by the said Trustees before the summoning or returning of the Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, out of any Money then raised or to arise by virtue of this Act; but if such Jury shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more or for less Money than shall have been offered by the said Trustees before the summoning and returning of such Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, then the full Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, and all other 3 Expences

331

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. xvi.

Expences attending the hearing and determining of such Differences, shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute; which said Costs and Expences having been ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace for the County of Gloucester, not interested in the Matter in question, (who is hereby required to examine and settle the same), snail and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons; and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged, or otherwise such Costs and Expences in case the same be not paid on Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees by such Ways and Means as are herein-after provided for the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures; provided that where, by reason of Absence, any Person or Persons shall have been prevented from treating with the said Trustees, touching the Matter aforesaid, the Whole of such Costs and Expences shall in all such Cases be paid by the said Trustees.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Sum of upon Pay-Money or Recompence to be agreed for or assessed as aforesaid by ment of Pur-the said Trustees to the Parties respectively entitled thereto, or his, chase Money her, or their Agent or Agents; or on depositing the same in the raa>r e Bank of England, in Manner herein-after directed, and after Ten Days Notice given to such Parties, or their, his, or her Agents or Agent, or left at their, his, or her Place or Places of Abode, or with the Tenant in Possession of the Lands or Hereditaments so agreed for or purchased as aforesaid, such Lands or Hereditaments shall and may be taken and used for the Purpose of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall direct, and shall be fenced out and deemed as Part of the said Road, and shall to all Intents and Purposes be treated as a Common Highway, and repaired accordingly, and from thenceforth all Parties shall be divested of all Right and Title to such Lands and Hereditaments.

XLV. And whereas the said Trustees may be possessed of some Piece Trustees may or Pieces of Ground over and above what may be wanted for the sell Overplus Purposes of this Act, be it therefore further enacted, That it shall Ground, and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees from Time to Time to sell and dispose of such Piece or Pieces of Ground, together or in Parcels, either by public Sale or private Contract, as they shall find most advantageous and convenient to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract for and purchase the same.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the First Offer of said Trustees shall think proper to sell or dispose of any Piece or Pieces of Ground not wanted for the Purposes of this Act, or any be made old Road to be stopped up or discontinued by virtue of this Act, they shall first offer the same for Sale to the Person or Persons of whom the same shall have been purchased, or (in case such Ground shall be a Piece or Pieces of old Road) to the Person or Persons whose Land

shall

332

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xvi.

then and thereupon refuse, or shall not agree (except with respect to or on account of the Price thereof) to purchase the same respectively, on an Affidavit being made and sworn before a Master or Master Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County (who are hereby respectively empowered to take such Affidavit), by some Person or Persons not interested in the said Piece or Pieces of Ground, stating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Offer was then and thereupon refused, or was not agreed to by the Person or Persons to whom the same was made, such Affidavit shall, in all Courts whatsoever, be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was refused, or not agreed to by the Person or Persons to whom such Offer was made (as the Case may be); and in case such Person or Persons shall be desirous of purchasing such Piece or Pieces of Ground, and he, she, or they, and the said Trustees, shall differ or not agree with respect to the Price thereof, then the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury, in Manner herein-before directed with respect to the disputed Value of Premises to be purchased by the said Trustees in pursuance of this Act j and the Expence of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in Manner by this Act directed, with respect to such Purchases made by the said Trustees, mutatis mutandis, and the Money to arise by the Sale or Sales which may be made by the said Trustees, of such Piece or Pieces of Road or Ground as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act, but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for any Misapplication or Nonapplication of such Money.

Application

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed of Money or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments a'bove2'i01 purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for

v the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Tenant

for Life or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or any Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or other Person or Persons, under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitledto the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, standing settled therewith, to the same or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out. and invested under and with the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of shall adjoin thereto, and if such Person or Persons respectively shall

other

333

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. Xv'i.

other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance or Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the meantime, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said High Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Mo- where less ney so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or than 2001. Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and and al, ove belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Dis- 201' ability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds then and in such Cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees for executing this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising therefrom, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said High Court of Chancery.

XLIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such where not Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned more ihan shall not exceed Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same 201-shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the Said Trustees,

[LocaLJ 4- P or

384

In case of not making out a good Title, &c.

In case of a

disputed

Title.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xvi.

or any Five or more of them, shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

L. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded or assessed for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the same, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in case the Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded or assessed as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then, and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (describing them,) subject to the Order, Controul and Disposition of the said High Court of Chancery; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of proceeding, or otherwise as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, or otherwise applied according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem meet, just, and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money* is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the same is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person or Persons to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities lobe purchased with any such Money* or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to be lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said High Court of Chancery j and the Dividends or Interest of

335

1° GEORGII IV. Gtp.xvi.

of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear t6 the s&id Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

LII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason Court may of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corpora^ °^rJea3O0~ tion, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be pur- penecesxt"0 be chased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for paid by the same shall be required to be paid into the said High Court of Trustees. Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be laws ul for the said High Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees* out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Getting Ma-and for the Surveyor or Surveyors, or such Person or Persons as he of terials. they shall appoint, to dig, gather, and carry away any Gravel, Furze,

Heath, Sand^ Flints, Stones, or other Materials, out of any Common,

River, or Brook, or out of or from any Waste or Common, proper and convenient for making, repairing, and amending the Road aforesaid, without paying any Thing for the same, such Surveyor or Surveyors or other Persons levelling or causing to be levelled all the Holes and Pits occasioned thereby, or making a safe and sufficient Fence round all such Holes or Pits; and where a sufficient Quantity of Materials cannot be had from such Rivers, Brooks, or Common, for re-

gairing and amending the Road, it shall and may be lawful for such urveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons as aforesaid, by Order of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County in which such Materials are to be gotten, to be made upon the Application of the said Trustees, to dig and gather such Materials in, and carry the same out of and from the Lands and Grounds of any Person or Persons, not being the Ground whereon any House stands, or a Garden, Orchard,

Yard, or Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to any House, or a Piece or Parcel of Ground set apart or used as a Nursery for Trees, where such Materials are or may be found, in any Parish,

Township, or Place in which any Part of the said Roads shall lie or be situate, or in any adjoining Parish, Township, or Place, and from Time to Time to carry away the same, or so much thereof as the Surveyor or Surveyors shall judge necessary for repairing and amending the said Road, paying such Rates for such Materials, and for the Damage done to the Owners and Occupiers respectively of the Lands or Grounds where and from whence the same shall be digged, gathered or carried away, or over which the same shall be carried, as also the Damage done to the Owners and Occupiers of any private Lands or

Grounds

336

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. wi.

Grounds over which such Materials, gotten in any River, Brook, or Waste Ground, shall be carried or conveyed, as the said Trustees shall judge reasonable; and in case of Difference concerning the same, between such Owners or Occupiers and the said Trustees, touching such Payment and Damages as aforesaid, then any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County ot‘ Gloucester, after Ten Days Notice in Writing given by either Party to the other, shall hear, settle, and finally determine the Matter of such Payment and Damages, and award such Costs to be paid by either Party as they shall think proper.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons acting under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, get, take, or carry away such Materials for repairing such Road, out of or from any inclosed Land or Ground, until Fourteen Days Notice in Writing, signed by such Surveyor, shall have been given to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupier at his usual Place of Abode, to appear before any Two or more Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the said County, to shew Cause why such Materials ought not to be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier or his Agent shall attend pursuant to such Notice, but shall not shew sufficient Cause to the contrary, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for such Justices, by their Order, to authorize such Surveyor or other Person or Persons to dig, get, gather, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to the said Justices shall seem proper; and if' such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or his Agent, pursuant to such Notice, the said Justices may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Persons tak- take or carry away any Materials which shall have been dug or mgawayMa- gatliere<^ for the Purpose of making, completing, or amending the said Road, or shall get or take away any Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which shall be made for the Purpose of getting Materials for the said Road, before the said Surveyors or their Workmen shall have discontinued working therein, for the Space of Twenty-one Days, (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and any Person or Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein for his own private Use only, and not for Sale), every Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Surveyors

LVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for such Sur-may make veyor and Surveyors, and such other Person and Persons as shall be Causeways, appointed by the said Trustees, to make Causeways or Footpaths in or along the Sides of the said Road or any Part thereof, and to cut or make Drains or Watercourses, upon and through any Lands lying contiguous to the said Road, and to erect and keep in Repair the Bridges and Arches thereupon, and also to make Ditches or Fences in such Places and in such Manner as such Surveyor and Surveyors by

Order

Notice to be given of taking Materials.

Punishing

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xvi.

337

Order of the said Trustees shall judge necessary, and make sufficient Fences and Barriers, and other Erections, on any Part or Parts of the said Road, in order to prevent any Rivulet or Current of Water from flooding the same, as such Surveyor or Surveyors shall judge necessary, making such Satisfaction to the Owners or Occupiers of such Lands so to be used, cut through, or built upon, for the Damages which they or any of them shall sustain thereby, as the said Trustees shall judge reasonable; and in case of any Difference between such Owners or Occu^ piers and the said Trustees touching such Damages, the same shall be settled by any Two or more Justices of the Peace, for the said County of Gloucester.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyors Surveyor or Surveyors who shall be nominated under this Act, and ", ay remove such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint, from Time to 1 nno'ance ' Time to remove and prevent all Nuisances and Annoyances on any Part or Parts of the said Road, by Timber, Stones, Carriages, Saw Pits, or other Pits, Ashes, Dung, Filth, Rubbish, or otherwise, and to turn any Watercourses, Gutters, or Drains running into the same to the Prejudice thereof, and to open, scour, cleanse, deepen, and enlarge any Gutter, Ditch, Conduit, or Watercourse adjoining or near to the said Road, or any Part or Parts thereof, and also to cut down or lop, at proper Seasons of the Year, any Branches of Trees, Shrubs, or Bushes growing in the Hedges, Fences, or Grounds adjoining thereto, (the same not being in any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, and not being an Ornament or Shelter to a House,) so as to reduce such Hedges to any Height not less than Four Feet, and to take and carry away the same, in case the respective Owners or Occupiers of the Lands where such Annoyances shall happen to be shall neglect so to do for Seven Days after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose under the Hand or Hands of such Surveyor or Surveyors; the Charges whereof (to be settled by the said Trustees) shall be reimbursed to the said Surveyor or Surveyors determined by such respective Owners or Occupiers neglecting to cut down such Branches of Trees, Shrubs or Bushes, or by the Person or Persons occasioning or neglecting or refusing to remove such Annoyances as aforesaid; which Charges shall be levied and recovered in the same Manner as any Forfeiture or Penalty is herein-after directed to be levied and recovered; and, if after the Removal of any such Annoyances, any Person or Persons shall offend again in like Manner, ev "’' Offence, or

Forty Shillings.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall, and Road to be they are hereby required from Time to Time to cause the said Road measured, to be measured, and Stones or Posts to be placed, in or near the g^tedTand Sides of the said Road, with Inscriptions thereon denoting the Nuisances Number of Miles and Distance of Places from any Town or Place, prevented, and also cause to be erected at their Discretion Guide Posts at such Places where the said Road shall be crossed or joined by other Roads; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully pull up' or damage any Direction or Mile Post or Stone erected or fixed or to be erected [Local.] 4>Q or

other repeated

exceeding

338

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. i.

or fixed in or near the Side or Sides of the said Road, or shall obliterate or deface any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks inscribed thereon; or if any Person shall ride upon any Causeway or Footpath formed by the said Surveyor or Surveyors upon or on the Side of or adjoining to the said Road, or shall drive any Horse, Beast, or Swine, or any Carriage upon, or cause any Damage to be done to any Causeway or Footpath; or if any Person or Persons shall leave or suffer any Horse, Cattle, Sheep, Pig, or Beast to be and remain loose on the said Road, or any Part thereof; or if any Person shall cause to be hauled or drawn upon any Part of the said Road any Timber, Stone, or other Thing (otherwise than upon wheeled Carriages) or shall suffer any Timber, Stone, or other Thing which shall be carried upon wheeled Carriages to drag upon the said Road to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person driving any Pigs or Swine upon the said Road shall suffer the same to root up and damage the said Road, or the Fences on either Side thereof; or if any Person driving any Carriage upon the said Road shall ride upon the Shafts or other Part of the said Carriage without holding the Reins of the Horse or Horses, or meeting another Carriage shall not keep his or her Carriage in his or her Left or near Side of the said Road, and also keep on the same Side himself; or if any Person shall in any other Manner wilfully prevent any other Person or Persons from passing him or her, or any Carriage under his or her Care, upon the said Road; or if any Person shall make or assist in making any Fire or Fires, or shall set fire to or let off or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent, or Firework whatsoever on any Part of the said Road, or within Sixty Feet of the Centre thereof, or play at Football or any other Game on any Part of the said Road, to the Annoyance of any Passenger or Passengers; or if any Person shall leave any Carriage (except in Cases of Accident) upon or on the Side of the said Road longer than may be necessary to load or unload the same, either with or without any Horse or Beast of Draught harnessed or yoked thereto, or in case such Carriage shall not during such Time be drawn up to the Side of the said Road as near as conveniently may be; or in case any Person shall lay any Timber, Stone, Chalk, Marl, Lime, Hay, Straw, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever upon the said Road, or on the Side or Sides thereof, between the said Road and the Fences to be erected on the Sides thereof; or if any Person after having blocked any Carriage whatsoever in going up any Hill or rising Ground shall leave on the said Turnpike Road the Stone or other Thing used in such blocking, or shall plough up, dig up, or break up any of the Soil between the said Road and such Fences as aforesaid for the Purpose of making Compost or Manure, or otherwise shall scrape off any Soil or other Thing from the said Road or the Sides thereof, or shall take up and carry away any Scrapings thereof, or any Dung, Mould, Soil, Compost, or Manure from the Sides thereof, except such as may be lying in his own Ground, and be carried away without being brought over any Part of the said Road, or that the same may be done at such Times and under such Regulations as the Trustees or their Surveyor shall direct and order, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be recovered and applied as is herein-after directed.

9

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. rxvi.

LIX. And be it farther enacted, That all Gates to be hereafter made and placed in any Hedge or other Fence of any Field, Ground* Yard, or other Place adjoining to the said Road, shall be so made, hung, and constructed as to open inward towards such Field or Ground, and not outward towards the said Road; and in case any Person or Persons shall hang or construct any Gate or Gates contrary to the Directions, of this Act, or shall, after the same shall have been hung so as to open inward towards such Field or Ground, again alter the same so as to open outward towards the said Road, every such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to cause all or any of such Gates as are now erected and open outward towards the said Road, to be altered and made to open inward towards such Field, Ground, Yard, or other Place, as they the said Trustees shall think proper.

LX. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work in either of the Parishes or Places through which the said Road will pass shall be liable to perform a due Proportion of such Statute Work on the said Road; and it shall be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County of Gloucester, and they are hereby required and empowered (upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by the Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor, or by their Order), yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, or Places, in which the said Road, or any Part thereof lies, except as aforesaid, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of any such Parish, Township, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township, or Place, except as aforesaid, to bring in Lists before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons, of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township, or Place respectively, are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Rep air of the Public Highways; and out of such Lists the said Justices shall and may appoint and order such and so many Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road, as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Haytime or Harvest) and on such Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices may also order and direct the Persons

339

Fields, &c. wards.

Statute Labour and Composition Money how

formed and apportioned.

340 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xvi.

who by such Lists shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the Surveyor or Surveyors of such respective Parishes, Townships, or Places, to be by him paid over to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct, and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall or may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject and liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the Pub lie Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places, shall refuse or wilfidly neglect to give in such Lists, or to collect or pay over such Composition, or any Part thereof, in Manner as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Trustees to

LXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall compound be lawful for the said Trustees to compound and agree with any

for Statute person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Statute

or Work to be by them done on the said Road or any Part

thereof, and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in all or any of the Parishes or Places in which the said Road is situate, for a certain Sum of Money by the Year or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the Whole or any Part of the Statute or other Work to be done by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers of the said Road, which Composition Money shall always be paid to the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officers of the Parish, Township, or Place, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer to the said Trustees in Advance, on or before the Tenth Day of October in each and every Year, or otherwise

341

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xvi.

otherwise the Inhabitants and the Occupiers of such Parish,

Township, or Place, shall not be permitted to compound lor that Year.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall assault, interrupt, or hinder, or cause to be assaulted, interrupted, or hindered, any Collector of the Tolls or Gatekeeper employed in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LXIII. And whereas Offences may be committed against this Act For securing by Persons unknown to the Trustees, Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers appointed to put the same in Execution, be it therefore en e further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, and such other Person or Persons as he or they shall call to his or their Assistance, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act, to apprehend and detain any such unknown Person or Persons who shall commit any such Offence or Offences, and to take him, her, or them before any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, Penalties and and Fines hereby inflicted or authorized to be imposed (if the Manner of levying and recovering thereof be not herein otherwise directed) recovered shall upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any Justice of and applied, the Peace for the said County of Gloucester, either by the Confession of the Party or Parties offending, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to grant for those Purposes), and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of the Distress and Sale are recovered and deducted, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and the Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines when paid and recovered (if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act) shall be from lime to Time paid, One Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees, and applied to the Purposes of this Act; and in case such sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines shall not be forthwith paid upon Conviction, then it shall and may be lawful for such Justice to order the Offender or Offenders so convicted to be detained in safe Custody until Return can conveniently be made for such Warrant of Distress, unless the same Offender or Offenders shall give a sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Justice for his or their Appearance before him on such Day or Days as shall be appointed for the Return of such Warrant of Distress, not being more than Four Days from the Time of taking any such Security, and which Security the said Justice is hereby empowered to take by Way of Recognizance or otherwise; but if upon the Return of such Warrant it shall appear that no sufficient Distress can be had thereupon, then such Offender or Offenders shall be committed by such Justice to the Common Gaol or House [Local'] 4 R of

Penalty for

Collectors, or obstructing the Execution of this Act.

342

Subscribers compellable to pay their Subscrip-

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessions.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxi.

of Correction for such County or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, as such Justice shall fix and appoint, and unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, or Fines, and all reasonable Charges shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

f LXV. And, for the more easy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That all and every the Justices and Justice of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words (as the Case shall happen) or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect; (that is to say),

* County of)gE it remembered, That on the Day of

‘ to wit. f in the Year of our Lord A. B.

‘ is convicted before me, One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, by virtue of an Act of the First Year of the ‘ Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled \_here set Jbrth the Title i of this Act, and specify the Offence and when and where committed].

‘ Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year above written.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That if the several Persons who have become Subscribers towards the Expence of obtaining and passing this Act, and carrying the same into Execution, or any One or more of them, or any Person or Persons who shall hereafter become or agree to become a Subscriber or Subscribers for the Purposes aforesaid, shall after Ten Days previous Notice in Writing, under the Hand of the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees for that Purpose to him, her, or them given, or left at his, her, or their Dwelling House or usual Place or Places of Abode, refuse or neglect to make Payment of the respective Sums by him, her or them so subscribed or agreed to be subscribed, or such Part or Parts thereof as may be required in such Notice, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to bring or cause to be brought in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer any Action of Debt or on the Case, Bill, Plaint, or Suit against the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, his, her, or their Heirs, Execur tors, or Administrators, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and after Proof of such Person or Persons having so subscribed or agreed to subscribe, and that such Notice was given as aforesaid, a Verdict shall be given for the Plaintiff'in all such Action or Actions, and Execution snail issue thereupon as the Case may require.

LXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any Thing done or omitted to be done in pursuance of this Act, either by the said Trustees, ox by any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Gloucester, such Appellant (if sufficient Time after the Cause of such Complaint shall have arisen) first giving or causing to be given Eight Days Notice at

348

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xvi.

least in Writing of his or her Intention of bringing such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees, or other the Person or Persons against whose Act or Acts such Appeal shall be made, and within Four Days next after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal and abide the Order thereon, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions; and for want of sufficient Time for giving such Notice previous to the First Quarter Sessions after the Cause of such Complaint shall have happened, then such Appeal, alter such Notice and under such Recognizance, may be made at the Second General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County; and the Justices at such First or Second Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice having been given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear1 and finally determine the Cause and Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed against as they the said Justices shall think proper, and the Determination of such Quarter Sessions shall be final, binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes; and the said Justices at such Sessions may also by their Order or Warrant levy such Costs so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons who shall refuse or neglect to pay the same, and for Want of sufficient Distress commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol or any House of Correction for the said County, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, or until Payment of such Costs.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order made touching or Proceedings concerning any of the Matters in this Act contained, or any Pro- not to be ceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Ode rider or Of- gashedl for fenders against this Act, shall be quashed for Want of Form, or be 0 removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and that when any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction,

Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons, aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage (if any) in an Action on the Case; but no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for such Irregularity as aforesaid, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made by or on behalf of the Party distraining before such Action brought.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall Limitation be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in of Action *, pursuance of this Act, until Twenty-eight Days Notice thereof shall nave been given to the Clerk of the said Trustees, nor after a sufficient

Satisfaction

344

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xvi.

Satisfaction or Tender of Damages shall have been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Two Calendar Months next after the Fact committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be laid or brought in the County where the Cause of Action shall have arisen and not elsewhere, and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action, shall or may at his or their Election plead specially, or the General Issue Not Guilty, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or that such Action or Suit shall have been brought before Twenty-eight Days Notice thereof was given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after Two Calendar Months after the Fact committed, or shall be brought in any other County, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any Cases by Law.

[Public Act.]

LXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others without being specially pleaded.

Commence-

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence meat and upon and have Continuance from the Third Tuesday after the passing of this Act?6 thereof, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1820.

ANNO PRIMO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cajo.xvii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hulmes Chapel, in the County Palatine of Chester, to the South Bridge in Chelford, in the said County.

[22d June 1820.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for amending, altering, widening, improving, and keeping 37G.3.C 1571 in Repair the Road from the present Turnpike at Hulmes Chapel, in the County Palatine of Chester, leading from Hulmes Chapel to Knutsford, to the South Bridge in Chelford, in the said County, near to Chelford Chapel:

And whereas the Tolls collected and Money borrowed by virtue of the said Act, have been duly applied by the Trustees appointed to put the said Act in Execution for the Purposes thereby granted, and there are now several considerable Sums of Money due and owing upon the Credit of the said Tolls, which cannot be repaid, and the said Road kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act is continued, and some of the said Powers enlarged and rendered more [Local1] 4 S effectual,

346 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xvii.

effectual, and the Tolls granted by the said recited Act increased; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. Act conti- That the said recited Act, and the several Clauses, Powers, Exemptions, nued. Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things therein contained (except

such as are varied, altered, or repealed), shall together with this present Act be put in Execution during the Term herein-after mentioned, in like Manner, and as fully and effectually in all Respects, and to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said several Clauses, Powers, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things, contained in the said recited Act were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act; which said additional Term hereby granted shall be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing on the Credit of the said recited Act, and also of all further Sums which may be borrowed and become due on the Credit of this Act, and of the Interest due or to grow due for the same respectively.

Trustees.

II. And be it further enacted, That the acting Magistrates for the County of Chester, together with Cranage Antrobus, Sir Edmund An-trobus Baronet, James Arden, Edward Wilbraham Bootle, Roger Bar ns ton, William Charles Booth, John Broadhurst, Edward Broadhurst, John Bratt, Thomas Cholmondeley, Charles Cholmondeley, John Crewe, John Clarke, Davies Davenport, Edward Davenport, Walter Davenport, John Downes, John Smith Daintry, Thomas Foden, John Ford, John Glegg, John Bas-kervile Glegg, Joseph Gleave, Thomas Hodges, George Heron, Peter Heron, John Hollins, William Hollins, Peter Holland, John Holland, Thomas Hil-ditch, Thomas Bayley Hall, Strethill Harrison, Samuel Harrison, Robert Hibbert, Thomas Hibbert, John Johnson, Francis Jodrell, Thomas Jackson, Shallcross Jackson, Oswald Leycester, Ralph Leycester junior. Sir John Fleming Leicester Baronet, Egerton Leigh, Eger ton Leigh junior, Jodrell Leigh, Peter Leigh, George John Legh, Willoughby Legh, John Legh, Robert Lit tier, Peter Lowe, William Lockett, William Lawton, John Holdsworth Mallory, Sir Henry Mainwaring Mainwaring Baronet, William Malbon, Charles Potts, Thomas Parker, John Robert Parker, Thomas Plant, John Roy le, Charles Wat kin, John Shaker ley, Clement Swettenham, Sir John Thomas Stanley Baronet, Edward Stanley, Edward Stracey, John Sandbach, Samuel Siddeley, Thomas William Tatton, John Vernon, Lawrence Wright, Thomas Wright, Strethill Wright, Strethill Wright junior, and Randle Wilbraham, together with such Number of Persons, not exceeding Ten, as they, or any Five or more of them, shall at their First Meeting nominate and appoint, shall be, and they and their Successors to be elected in the Manner herein-after mentioned, are hereby appointed Trustees for causing the said Road to be properly amended and repaired, and otherwise carrying the said Act and this Act into Execution.

Repeal of

III. And whereas it is by the said first recited Act enacted, that no Qualification person shall act as a Trustee in the Execution thereof, who shall not be of Trustees, possessed of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Forty Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of a Person possessed of an Estate in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly io Value

347

1* GEORGII IV. Cap. xvii.

Value of One hundred Pounds, or be possessed of or entitled to a Personal Estate of the Value of Five hundred Pounds: And whereas the said Provision has been found inconvenient; be it therefore enacted, That the same shall be and is hereby repealed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting Qualification as a Trustee in the Execution of the said Act and this Act, unless he ot rustees-shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession or Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Freehold or Copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be Heir Apparent of a Person so seized of Freehold or Copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be possessed of a clear Personal Estate of the Amount or Value of Four thousand Pounds; and if any Person, not being so qualified, shall presume to act as a Trustee in the Execution of the said Act and this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Informarion, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and every Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, upon Proof being given of his having acted as a Trustee in the Execution of the said Act and this Act:

Provided nevertheless, that all Acts and Proceedings by any such Person as a Trustee in the Execution of the said Act and this Act, previous to his being convicted of the said Offence, shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Trustee appointed or to be Trustees to elected and appointed by virtue of this Act, before he shall act as such (ex- take an Oath, cept in administering the Oath herein-after mentioned), shall take and subscribe an Oath before Two or more of the said Trustees (who are hereby empowered to administer the same), in the Form or to the Effect following;

(that is to say),

I A.B. do swear, That I am in my own Right [or in the Right of my 4 1 Wife] truly and bona fide seised or possessed of, and in the actual

* Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Freehold or Copyhold ‘ Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly

* Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprizes, or am Heir Apparent ‘ of a Person truly and bondjide seised or possessed of, and in the actual ‘ Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Freehold or Copyhold

* Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly ‘ Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds above Reprizes; or am truly ‘ and bona fide possessed of a clear Personal Estate of the Amount or ‘ Value of Four thousand Pounds j and that I will truly and faithfully ‘ execute the Powers and Trusts reposed in me by Two Acts of Parliament» passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty Ceorg* the Third, intituled [here set forth the Title of the Act]

‘ and

348 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xvii.

* and in the First Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George

* the Fourth, intituled [here set forth the Title of this Act],

'So help me GOD. ’

Meeting.

Victuallers

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons Officers or w^° keep any Victualling House or other House of public Enter-act as Trus- tainment, or who shall sell any Wine, Cider, Beer, Ale, Spirituous or tees. other Strong Liquors by Retail, shall be capable of acting as a Trustee,

or of taking, holding, or enjoying any Place or Places of Trust or Profit under the said Trustees, or of collecting the Tolls granted by this Act, and made payable during such Time as he, she, or they, shall keep such Victualling House, Alehouse or other Place of public Entertainment, or shall sell any Wine, Cider, Beer, Ale, Sprituous or other Strong Liquors by Retail; but no such Person shall be precluded from farming such Tolls, provided he, she, or they employ a Person or Persons to collect such Tolls who shall not be under any such Incapacity.

Repeal of

VII. And whereas by the said Act it is enacted, that the said Trustees Time for Ge- shall hold a General Meeting on the Twenty-fifth Day of March in nera nnual evefy Year, at some House in Hulmes Chapel aforesaid, and which shall be called the Annual General Meeting of the said Trustees: And whereas the said Provision has been found inconvenient, be it therefore enacted, That the said Provision shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees shall hold a General Meeting on the Twelfth Day of November in every Year (except when such Day happens to be on a Sunday, when such General Meeting shall be held on the following Day), at the Inn or Public House situate in Lower Withington in the said County, now in the Holding of William Blackshawy or at any Place on the said Road which the said Trustees shall appoint, and which General Meeting shall be deemed to be and shall be called the Annual General Meeting of the said Trustees.

Chairman to

IX. And be it further enacted, That at every Meeting of the said have a casting Trustees a Chairman shall and maybe appointed; and when and so Vote. often as it shall happen, that there shall be an Equality of Votes at any such Meeting upon any Question, including the Vote of the Chairman, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the Chairman to give the decisive or casting Vote.

Repeal of X. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act as re-Provision for qUires any Officer or other Person to verify his Account on Oath, and as authorizes the Trustees for executing the said Act to administer an Oath Oath to any such Officer or Officers appointed or to be appointed by virtue of the said Act or this Act, as to the Correctness or Justness of his or their Accounts, or respecting any Sum or Sums of Money received or expended by virtue of his or their Office, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

Another Time appointed.

1’ GEORGII IV. Cap. xvii. 349

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the Orders to be

Trustees shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, in a

and such Orders and Proceedings, so entered, shall be signed by the Trustees making the same, or by the Chairman at such Meeting, which

Book or Books, and also the Book or Books herein-after directed to be kept for registering Mortgages and Assignments or Transfers thereof, shall be admitted as Evidence in all Courts whatever.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they Accounts to are hereby required, from Time to Time, and at all Times during the ^eecke^Js°an(j Continuance of this Act, to order and direct a Book or Books to be pro- Dissburse-vided and kept by their Clerk for the Time being, in which Book or Books ments. such Clerk shall enter or cause to be entered true and regular Accounts

of all Sums of Money received, paid, laid out, and expended, for or on account of the said Road, and of the several Articles, Matters, and Things, for which any Sums of Money shall have been disbursed, laid out, and paid; which Book or Books shall at all seasonable Times be open to the Inspection of the said Trustees, or any Creditor or Creditors on the Tolls hereby granted, without Fee or Reward; and the said Trustees and Creditors shall or may take Copies of or Extracts from the said Book or Books, or any Part or Parts thereof, without paying any thing for the same; and in case the said Clerk shall refuse to permit the said Trustees, or such Creditors, or any of them, to inspect the same, or to take such Copies or Extracts as aforesaid, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied and recovered in Manner in the said Act directed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Incapacity, Trustees may

Absconding, or Absence of any Collector or Receiver of Tolls, any aPP0, nt <*ra‘ Five or more of the said Trustees, though not assembled at any General &°c<"

Meeting of the Trustees appointed by virtue of this Act, by Writing in certain under their respective Hands, shall and may nominate and appoint a Cases, proper Person to be a Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls, to continue until the then next Meeting of the said Trustees, in the Stead of such Collector or Receiver as shall so die, become incapable, abscond, or absent himself; which Person so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner in all Respects as the Person who shall die, become incapable, abscond, or absent himself would have had or been subject to; and if any Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls, who shall be discharged from his said Office by the said Trustees, or the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or Representatives of any Collector or Receiver, who shall die, abscond, absent himself, or be discharged, or any other Person having the Possession of any Toll House or Buildings to be erected or set up by virtue of the said Act and this Act, shall neglect or refuse to deliver up such Possession for the Space of Three Days after Demand thereof made, and Notice in Writing given for that Purpose by any Five or more of the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Treasurer, then and in any of the said Cases it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said [Local.] 4 T County

350

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xm.

County Palatine of Chester, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer for the same County, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such House or Building in the Day-time, and to remove the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods out of the same, and to put the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or any of their Officers, in the Possession thereof.

Same Person

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not Clerk°an^ be for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person who

Treasurer. has been or may be appointed to act as their Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk, the Treasurer for the Purposes of the said Act and this Act, or any of them, or to continue or appoint the Person who has been or may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, the Clerk to the said Trustees for executing the said Act and this Act, or any of them; and if any Person shall act in both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of the said Act and this Act, or any of them; or if any Person, being the Partner of any such Clerk shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of such Treasurer shall act as Clerk in the Execution of the said Act and this Act, or any of them; every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

Repealing

XV. And whereas the Tolls by the said former Act granted or former Tolls authorized to be taken have been found insufficient for the Purposes othe£antlDg of the said Road; be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the said Tolls shall be and they are hereby repealed, and instead thereof the Tolls following shall be collected and taken at each of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates erected by virtue of the said recited Act, before any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Phaeton, Chaise, Chair, Calash, Hearse, Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Ass, Cattle, Swine, or Sheep shall be permitted to pass through the same; that is to say,

Tolls. For every Horse or Beast drawing any Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Lan-

dau, Sociable, Chaise, Calash, or such like Carriage, with Four Wheels, when drawn by Three or more Horses or Beasts, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny; and when drawn by any less Number of Horses or Beasts-, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse or Beast drawing any Chaise or Chair with Two Wheels, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse or Beast drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, or other such Carriage, the Sum of Four-pence:

Provided always, that every Horse or Beast drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, or other such Carriage, which shall have passed through any Turnpike with any Lading, (except such Articles as are 6 hereby

351

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xra.

hereby exempted from Toll) and shall return on the same Day, to be computed as aforesaid, with any other Lading (except as aforesaid), shall be charged with and pay the Sum of Two-pence.

For every Horse, Mule, or Ass, loaden or not loaden, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Score of horned or neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Score of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number.

Which said respective Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken in the Name of and as a Toll, by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, and shall and may be levied, recovered, applied, and disposed of, in such and the same Manner as by the said former Act is directed with regard to the Tolls thereby granted; subject nevertheless to the Alterations herein contained.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no more than Only One One full Toll shall be demanded or taken in any One Day, (to be be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock Paya e‘ in the next succeeding Night), for or in respect of the same Horses,

Beasts, or Cattle, for passing and repassing through all the Toll Gates

or Turnpikes erected or to be erected on the said Road, except as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Waggons, Carts, and other Waggons, such like Carriages, having the Wheels and Axletrees of the Width and with Wheels, Descriptions directed by an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign Jjave^he3' of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the Trustees of Turn- Privileges pike Roads to abate the Tolls on Carriages, and to allow of their carrying thereby extra Weights in certain Cases, and the Horses and other Cattle drawing granted, the same, shall have and enjoy the Privileges and Exemptions granted

thereby.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall happen For settling about the Amount of the Tolls due, or the Charges of making, keeping, Disputes or selling any Distress, it shall be lawful for the Collector or Person T^isermn8: distraining to retain such Distress, or the Money arising from the Sale A° s‘ thereof (as the Case may happen), until the Amount of the Tolls due,

and of the Charges of the Distress and Sale, of keeping the Distress (as the Case shall happen), shall be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the County where such Dispute shall arise, who, on Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the Matter on the Oath of the Parties or other Witness or Witnesses, and shall determine the Amount of the Tolls due, and shall award such Costs and Charges to either Party as to the said Justice shall appear right and proper, all such Costs and Charges shall and may be levied and recovered, in case of Non-payment thereof forthwith, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the same, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering

the

352

Tickets to be provided.

To prevent Evasion of Tolls.

Exemptions.

1 GEORGII IV. Cap. xvii.

the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting the Costs and Charges of making such Distress and Sale, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and sold.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Tolls by the said Act granted, the Collector or Receiver thereof shall, and he is hereby required to deliver gratis to the Person paying such Tolls, a Note or Ticket denoting such Payment, and which Note or Ticket shall be provided by the said Trustees, and there shall be printed and specified thereon the Names of the several and respective Gates freed by such Payment.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall with any Horse, Cattle, or Beast, drawing or not drawing, in order to avoid the Payment of the said Tolls, or any of them, pass through any Land or Ground adjoining to or lying near any Toll Gate or Toll Bar, to be erected by virtue of this Act (except the Owner or Occupier of any such Land or Ground, or any of his, her, or their Family or Servants) $ or if any Owner or Occupier of any such Land or Ground shall knowingly permit or suffer any Person or Persons (except as aforesaid) with any Horse, Cattle, or Beast, to pass through the same, with Intent to evade the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall give to or receive from any Person, other than the Collectors of such Tolls, or forge or counterfeit any Ticket by this Act directed to be given by the Collectors of the said Tolls, or shall forcibly pass through any Toll Gate or Toll Bar with any Horse, Cattle, or Beast, without Payment of Toll, or shall take off any Horse, Beast, or other Cattle, from any Carriage, with Intent to evade the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, or shall leave or cause. to be left upon or near to any Part of the said Road any Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or Beast, with an Intent to evade the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, every Person so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Tolls shall be taken by virtue of this Act, for any Cattle or Carriages going empty or unloaden for and returning loaden only with, or returning empty after having been loaden only with Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for repairing any of the Highways in any of the Townships in which the said Turnpike Road lies, or in any of the neighbouring Townships, or going empty for or returning loaden only with, or returning empty after having been loaden only with Dung, Marl, or Compost, not purchased for the manuring of Land, or going empty for or returning loaden only with, or returning empty after having been loaden only with Hay, or Corn in the Straw, or Turves, or Moss Wood, to be laid up in the Houses, Barns, Out-houses, Yards, or other Places belonging to the Inhabitants of the several Townships in which the said Road lies; or for any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements in Husbandry,

passing

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. x\i\.

passing in order to the using or repairing the same, or for any other Thing employed in Husbandry, or for the Occupation of Lands in such Townships; or from any Rector, Vicar, or Curate, going to or returning from his own Parish Church or public Place of Divine Worship, or visiting his sick Parishioners, or from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church or Chapel, or from any Person or Persons going to or returning from his, her, or their usual Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law on a Sunday, or any other Day on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or for any Hearse or Carriage conveying or attending the Funeral of any Person who shall die and be buried in any of the said Townships, or from any Persons going to or returning from any Election of Members of Parliament for the County of Chester, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; or for any Cattle belonging to any of the Inhabitants of any of the Townships in which the said Road lies, going to or returning from Pasture or Water, or any Smithy to be shoed; nor for any Horses of any Soldiers upon their March or upon Duty, or for any Carriages attending them; nor shall any Toll be taken for any Horses or Carriages of whatsoever Description, employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding any such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back therefrom, or for any Horse or Carriage attending His Majesty, or any of the Royal Family, or for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, or the Horse or Horses, or other Cattle, drawing the same, which shall be employed in conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat, or other public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for or on the Days of Exercise, provided that such Persons shall be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemption j or for any Horses or Carriages passing with Vagrants sent by Passes, or Prisoners sent to any Gaol or House of Correction, or for any Horses or other Cattle going or returning to or from any Mills near the said Road, with or for any Com, Grain, Malt, Meal, or Flour, for the Owner’s own Use and Consumption in his own Dwelling House, and not for Sale, and not exceeding One Horse Load at one Time, or on the same Day; nor shall any Toll be taken for any Cattle or Car-Tiages going empty or unloaden for, or returning loaden only with, or returning empty after having been loaden only with Soot or Soap Ashes, not being purchased, to be used and employed in the Manuring or Improvement of any Land in any of the said Townships through which the said Road leads j nor for any Straw belonging to any of the Inhabitants of any of the said Townships, to be used as Fodder, or otherwise, for his or their own Use; and if any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the said Exemptions, not being entitled thereto, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

[Local] 4 u

XXII .And

354 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xvii.

Ca^e.-

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or driving,

Majesty's , s or causing to be driven any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, Service not provided for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or conveying any to be subject Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat, or other Public Stores, of or be-to Regula- longing to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, shall Overweight su^ject to any Penalty or Forfeiture for Overweight; nor shall any ° Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, while so employed, be stopped or detained by reason of any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Number of Horses or Cattle; but it shall be lawful for any Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, to put any Number of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage; any thing in any Act of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in this Act contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

ToIIb may

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said be reduced. Trustees, from Time to Time, when and as often as they shall think proper, to lessen or reduce any of the Tolls which shall be payable at all or any of the Toll Gates erected by virtue of the said Act or this Act, and to raise the same again, so as they do not at any Time exceed the Tolls by this Act granted and made payable, and so as every Reduction thereof be made with the Consent of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to Five-sixth Parts of the Money then due on the Security of the Tolls; but no such Reduction shall be made, unless Twenty-one Days previous Notice thereof shall be affixed in Writing against all the Toll Gates then erected across the said Road, and also inserted in One or more of the Newspapers published or generally circulated in the County of Chester.

Trustees may

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful compound for the said Trustees, from Time to Time, as they shall see convenient, for Tolls. to comp0uncl and agree for any Term not exceeding Three Years at any one Time, with all or any of the Inhabitants of the several Townships, Parishes, Hamlets, or Places, to or through which the said Road passes, for the passing of all or any Description of their Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, through all or any of the Toll Gates to be erected on the said Road, or on the Sides thereof, which Composition shall be paid yearly in Advance, and in Default thereof, the Composition or Agreement with the Person or Persons making such Default shall thenceforth be void j and all such Composition Money shall be paid and applied in such Manner as the Tolls are directed to be paid and applied.

Punishing

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every Toll Collector shall and Collect- he js hereby required to place his Christian and Surname, painted on a mis e aving. goaTd in iegjhje Characters, in the Front or on some other conspicuous Part of the Toll House or Toll Gate, immediately upon his coming on Duty, each of the Letters of such Name or Names to be at least Two Inches in Length, and of a Breadth in proportion, and painted in White Letters on a Black Ground, or Black Letters on a White Ground, and shall continue the same so placed during the whole Time he shall be upon such Duty; and if any Collector of the said Tolls shall not place 5 such

355

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xvii.

suchBoard as aforesaid, and keep the same there during the Time aforesaid, or shall demand or take a greater or less Toll from any Person or Persons than he shall be authorized to do by virtue of the Powers of the said Act and this Act, or shall demand and take a Toll from any Person or Persons who shall be exempt from the Payment thereof, and claim such Exemption, or shall refuse to permit or suffer, or shall in anywise hinder any Person or Persons from reading such Christian or Surname, or shall refuse to tell his Christian or Surname to any Person or Persons who shall demand the same, on having paid the said Tolls, or any of them, or shall give a false Name or Names on such Demand, or shall refuse or neglect to give a Ticket to denote the Payment of the Toll, such Ticket having specified thereon the several Gates freed by such Payment, or shall make use of any scurrilous or blasphemous Language to any Trustee, Treasurer, Clerk, Surveyor, or other Officer, or to any Person or Persons travelling upon the said Road, or shall, without sufficient Cause, detain or delay any Person or Persons travelling thereon, then and in every such Case every such Collector shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, as the Justice or Justices before whom the Information shall be laid shall adjudge and determine.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Mortgagee or Mortgagees of the Tolls granted by the said Act of the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, shall seek to obtain the Possession of the Toll Gates, Toll Houses, and Buildings, erected on the said Road, in order to pay himself, herself, or themselves the Principal Money and Interest, or any Part thereof, due to him, her, or them, it shall be competent for him, her, or them, as Lessor or Lessors of the Plaintiff, and upon his, her, or their Demise only, and without uniting in such Demise the other Mortgagees of the said Tolls and Premises, to obtain such Possession j but such Person or Persons who shall obtain the Possession thereof, shall not apply the Tolls, which may consequently be received by him, her, or them, to his, her, or their own exclusive Use and Benefit, but to and for the Use and Benefit of all the Mortgagees of the said Tolls, Toll Gates, Buildings, and Premises, pari passu, and in proportion to the several Sums which may be due to them as such Mortgagees.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to make, widen, divert, turn, or alter any Part or Parts of the said Road, beyond the Limits of One Hundred Yards, without the Consent in Writing of the Owners or Proprietors of the Lands through which the same shall be carried.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Sum of Money or Recompence, to be agreed for and assessed as aforesaid, shall be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, out of the Money to be borrowed upon the Credit of or to be collected as Tolls by virtue of the said Act and this Act, to the Parties or Persons respectively entitled thereto, or to his, her, or their Agent or Agents 5 and upon Payment thereof, or in case of Refusal to accept the same, or the Parties not being to be met with, upon Payment thereof into the Bank of England, in Manner

Allowing an Action of Ejectment to be supported by one Mortgagee.

Trustees not

alter Road beyond a certain Extent.

Upon Pay-inept of the Purchase Money the Land to be taken for the I Road.

356 1* GEORGII IV. Cap. xvW.

Manner by this Act directed, and after Ten Days Notice given to such Parties or Person *, or his, her, or their Agent or Agents, or left at his, her, or their Place or Places of Abode, or with the Tenant in Possession of the Lands or Hereditaments so to be agreed for or purchased as aforesaid, such Lands or Hereditaments shall and may be taken and used for the Purposes of the said Act and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall direct, and shall be sufficiently ditched, fenced, and set out as Part of the said Road.

First Offer of

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the be said Trustees shall think proper to sell or dispose of any Piece or Pieces whom to be Ground not wanted for the Purposes of the said Act and this Act, or made. any old Road to be stopped up or discontinued by virtue of the said Act

and this Act, they shall first offer the same for Sale to the Person or Persons whose Land shall adjoin thereto; and if such Person or Persons shall then and thereupon refuse, or shall not agree (except with respect to or on account of the Price thereof) to purchase the same respectively, on an Affidavit being made and sworn before a Master or Master Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, (who are hereby respectively empowered to take such Affidavit), by some Person or Persons not interested in the said Piece or Pieces of Ground, stating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Offer was then and thereupon refused, or was not agreed to by the Person or Persons to whom the same was made, such Affidavit shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was refused or not agreed to by the Person or Persons to whom such Offer was made (as the Case may be); and in case such Person or Persons shall be desirous of purchasing such Piece or Pieces of Ground, and he, she, or they, and the said Trustees shall differ or not agree with respect to the Price thereof, then the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury, in Manner by the said Act directed with respect to the disputed Value of Premises to be purchased by the said Trustees, in pursuance of the said Act; and the Expence of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in Manner by the said Act directed, with respect to such Purchases made by the said Trustees mutatis mutandis; and the Money to arise by the Sale or Sales which may be made by the said Trustees, of such Piece or Pieces of Road or Ground as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Purposes of the said Act and this Act, but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for any Mis-application or Non-application of such Money.

Application

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed ofM°ny or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments above 2001. purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the caid Act and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or other Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery,

357

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xvii.

eery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Act and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, standing settled therewith to the same or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested under and with the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance or Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made the said Money shall, by Order of the said High Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime, arid until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so to be purchased under the Authority of the said Act and this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Where less so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and ove belonging to any Corporation or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be. less tharf the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in such Cases the same shall at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees for executing the said Act and this Act (such Nomination and [Local.3 4 x Approbation

358 1" GEORGII IV. Cap. xvii

Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said High Court of Chancery.

Where not

XXXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such

ST" Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next-before mentioned

shall not exceed Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Act and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

In case of not

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Per-

making out a sons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded or assessed

goo it e, for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said Act and this Act, shall refuse to accept the same, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in case the Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded or assessed as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, oi any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (describing them), subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said High Court of Chancery, which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem meet, just, and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the same is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXXIV, Pro-

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xvii. 359

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where In case of a any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person or Persons to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of the said Act and this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to be lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said High Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made to appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Posssession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by Court may reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Cor- order reasons porations entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be pences^tobe purchased under the Authority of the said Act and this Act, the Pur- paid by the chase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said High Trustees. Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said High Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said Act and this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Getting Mato and for the Surveyor or Surveyors or such Person or Persons as he or ter, a, 3‘ they shall appoint, to dig, gather, and carry away Gravel, Furze, Heath,

Sand, Flints, Stones, or other Materials out of any Common River or Brook, or out of or from any Waste or Common proper and convenient for repairing and amending the Road aforesaid, without paying any thing for the same, such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons, levelling, or causing to be levelled, all such Holes and Pits where any Materials as aforesaid shall be digged, gathered, or taken, and from whence the same shall be carried away, or making a safe and sufficient Fence round all such Holes or Pits; and where a sufficient Quantity of Materials cannot be had from such Rivers, Brooks, or Common for repairing and amending the Road, it shall and may be lawful for such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons as aforesaid, by Order of any Justice or Justices

360

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xvii.

tices of the Peace for the County in which such Materials are to be gotten, to be made upon the Application of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to dig and gather such Materials in, and carry the same out of and from the Lands and Grounds of any Person or Persons, not being the Ground whereon any House stands, or a Garden, Orchard, Yard, or Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to any House, or a Piece or Parcel of Ground set apart or used as a Nursery for Trees, where such Materials are or may be found, in any Township, Parish, or Place in which any Part of the said Road shall lie or be situate, or in any adjoining Township, Parish, or Place, and from Time to Time to carry away the same, or so much thereof as the Surveyor or Surveyors shall judge necessary for repairing and amending the said Road, paying such Rates for such Materials and for the Damage done to the Owners and Occupiers respectively of the Lands or Grounds where and from whence the same shall be digged, gathered, or carried away, or over which the same shall be carried, as also for the Damage done to the Owners and Occupiers of any private Lands or Grounds over which such Materials gotten in any River, Brook, or Waste Ground shall be carried or conveyed, as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall judge reasonable; and in case of Difference concerning the same between such Owners or Occupiers and the said Trustees, touching such Damages as aforesaid, then Two Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County shall and may adjudge, assess, and determine the same.

Notice to be

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Surveyor or Surveyors or other Person or Persons ng a ria s. acting uncjer the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, get, take, or carry away such Materials for repairing such Road out of or from any inclosed Land or Ground, until Fourteen Days Notice in Writing, signed by such Surveyor, shall have been given to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupier at his usual Place of Abode, to appear before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County, to shew Cause why such Materials ought not to be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier or his Agent shall attend pursuant to such Notice, but shall not shew sufficient Cause to the contrary, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices by their Order to authorize such Surveyor or other Person or Persons to dig, get, gather, and carry away such Materials at such Time or Times as to the said Justice or Justices shall seem proper; and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or his Agent, pursuant to such Notice, the said Justice or Justices may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

Surveyors

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for such may make Surveyor and Surveyors, and such other Person and Persons as shall Causeways, app0intecj by the said Trustees, to make Causeways or Footpaths in or along the Sides of the said Road or any Part thereof, and to cut or make Drains or Watercourses upon and through any Lands lying contiguous to the said Road, and to erect, and keep in Repair the Bridges

and

361

1* GEORGII IV. Cap. xni.

and Arches thereupon, and also to make Ditches or Fences in such Places and in such Manner as such Surveyor and Surveyors, by Order of the said Trustees, shall judge necessary, and make sufficient Fences and Barriers and other Erections on any Part or Parts of the said Road, in order to prevent any Rivulet or Current of Water from flooding the same, as such Surveyor or Surveyors shall judge necessary, making such Satisfaction to the Owners or Occupiers of such Lands so to be used, cut through, or built upon for the Damages which they or any of them shall sustain thereby, as the said Trustees shall judge reasonable; and in case of any Difference between such Owners or Occupiers and the said Trustees, touching such Damages, the same shall be settled by any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Chester.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and Trustees may they are hereby required from Time to Time to cause to be erected

Guide Posts upon such Parts of the said Road, where the same may be crossed or joined by other Roads, as they shall think proper; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully pull up or damage any Direction Post erected or fixed or to be erected or fixed in or near the Side or Sides of the said Road, or shall obliterate or deface any of the Letters,

Figures, or Marks inscribed thereon, or if any Person shall ride upon any Causeway or Footpath formed by the said Surveyor or Surveyors upon or on the Side of or adjoining the said Road, or shall drive any Horse, Beasts, or Swine, or any Carriage upon or cause any Damage to be done to any Causeway or Footpath, or shall leave or suffer any Horse,

Beast, Cattle, Sheep, or Swine to graze or be and remain loose on the said Road or any Parc thereof; or if any Person shall cause to be drawn upon any Part of the said Road any Timber, Stone, or other Thing otherwise than upon wheeled Carriages, or shall suffer any Timber,

Stone, or other Thing which shall be carried upon wheeled Carriages, to drag upon the said Road to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person driving any Pigs or Swine upon the said Road shall suffer the same to root up and damage the said Road or the Fences on either Side thereof; or if any Person driving any Carriage upon the said Road shall ride upon the Shafts or other Part of the said Carriage without holding the Reins of the Horse or Horses, or meeting another Carriage shall not keep his or her Carriage on his or her left or near Side of the said Road, and also keep on the same Side himself; or if any other Person shall in any other Manner wilfully prevent any other Person or Persons from passing him or her, or any Carriage under his or her Care upon the said Road; or if any Person shall make or assist in making any Fire or Fires, or shall set fire to or let off or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent, or Firework whatsoever on any Part of the said Road, or within Eighty Feet of the Centre thereof, or play at Football or any other Game or Games on any Part of the said Road to the Annoyance of any Passenger or Passengers; or if any Person shall leave any Carriage (except in Cases of Accident) upon or on the Side of the said Road longer than may be necessary to load or unload the same, either with or without any Horse or Beast of Draught harnessed or yoked thereto, or in case such Carriage shall not during such Time be drawn up to the Side of the said Road as near as conveniently may be; or if any Person after having blocked or stopped [Local.'] 4 T-Z any

362 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xvii.

any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage in going up any Hill or rising Ground shall not immediately remove from the said Road the Stone or other Thing with which such Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage shall have been so blocked or stopped; or in case any Person shall lay any Timber, Stone, Chalk, Marl, Lime, Hay, Straw, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever upon the said Road, or on the Side or Sides thereof, between the said Road and the Fences to be erected on the Sides thereof, or shall plough up, dig up, or break up any of the Soil between the said Road and such Fences as aforesaid, for the Purpose of making Compost or Manure, or otherwise shall scrape off any Soil or other Thing from the said Road or the Sides thereof, or shall take up and carry away any Scrapings thereof, or any Dung, Mould, Soil, Compost, or Manure from the Sides thereof, except such as may be lying in his own Grounds, and be carried away without being brought over any Part of the said Road, or that the same may be done at such Times and under such Regulations as the Trustees or their Surveyor shall direct and order, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be recovered and applied as by the said Act is directed.

Gates to

XL. And be it further enacted, That all Gates to be hereafter made

Fields to and piace(i in any Hedge or other Fence of any Field, Ground, Yard, open inwar s. Qr other piaCe adjoining to the said Road, shall be so made, hung, and constructed as to open inward towards such Field or Ground, and not outward towards the said Road, except the Hanging Posts thereof shall be so far distant from the Centre of the said Road as that no Part of such Gates respectively shall when opened swing or hang over any Part of the said Road; and in case any Person or Persons shall hang or construct any Gate or Gates contrary to the Directions of this Act, or shall, after the same shall have been hung so as to open inward towards such Field or Ground, again alter the same so as to open outward towards the said Road, every such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings; that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to cause all or any of such Gates as are now erected and open outward towards the said Road to be altered and made to open inward towards such Field, Ground, Yard, or other Place, in Manner hereby directed, as they the said Trustees shall think proper.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as relates to the Performance of Statute Labour on the said Road, shall be and the same is hereby repealed, and that all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work on the said Road, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore $ and it shall be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County, Borough, Riding, or Place where the said Road is situate, and they are hereby required and empowered (upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or by the Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor, or by their Order), yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, or Places in which the said Road or any Part thereof lies, and also what Proportion of the Money received i by

Statute Labour and Composition Money how to be apportioned.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xvii.

by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of any such Township, Parish, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township, or Place, to bring in Lists before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons, of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township, or Place respectively are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and out of such Lists the said Justices shall and may appoint and order such and so many Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road, as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and on such Parts of the said Road as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lists shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the Surveyor or Surveyors of such respective Townships, Parishes, or Places to be by him or them paid over to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall or may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject and liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or

Draught

364

Trustees to compound for Statute Work.

Commencement and Continuance of the Act.

l’ GEORGII IV. Cap. xvii.

Draught had not been set to work on any Part of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lists, or to collect or pay over such Composition, or any Part thereof in Manner as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to compound and agree with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Statute Work to be by them done on the said Road, or any Part thereof, and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in all or any of the Parishes or Places in which the said Road is situate, for a certain Sum of Money, by the Year or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the Whole or any Part of the Statute or other Work to be done by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers on the said Road; which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officers of the Parish, Township, or Place, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer to the said Trustees on Advance, on or before the Tenth Day of October in each and every Year, or otherwise the Inhabitants and the Occupiers of such Parish, Township, or Place shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect upon the passing hereof, and that the said recited Act (subject to the Alterations and Amendments herein contained) and this Act shall continue in force and be executed for and during the Residue now to come of the Term granted by the said recited Act, and from the Expiration thereof for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1820.

ANNO PRIMO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. xviii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Kirkby Kendall, in the County of u Westmoreland, to Kirkby Ireleth, in the County of

•& Lancaster.

[22d June 1820.]

of 3G. 3. C. 33.

e "WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for repairing, widening,

of and keeping in Repair the Road from Kirkby Kendall, in the

a County of Westmoreland, to Kirkby Ireleth, in the County of Lancaster j 24G.3. o.23.

And whereas another AQ. was passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repairing, widening., and keeping in Repair the Road from Kirkby Kendall, in the County of Westmoreland, to ‘ Kirkby Ireleth, in the County of Lancaster And whereas another Act 39G.3. c. 24, was passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Tears, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts passed in the Third and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road from Kirkby Kendall,

[LocaC] 5 A in

370

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xviii.

in the County of Westmoreland, to Kirkby Ireleth, in the County of Lancaster:And whereas considerable Sums of Money, borrowed on the Credit of the said recited Acts, and charged on the Tolls arising upon the said Road, still remain due and owing, and such Sums of Money cannot be repaid, nor can the said Road be properly amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be extended, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof be altered, amended, and enlarged: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this Recited Acts present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That continued. the said recited Acts, and all and every the Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Trusts, Tolls, Provisions, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments, Remedies, Articles, Matters, and Things, whatsoever therein contained and now in force, (except such Parts thereof as are repealed, varied or altered), shall be, continue, and remain in full Force and Effect, and the same are hereby further continued, and together with the present Act shall be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intent and Purposes, as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; but subject nevertheless to the Alterations, Amendments, Powers, and Provisions in this Act contained; and that this Act and the additional Term hereby granted shall be subject and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing upon the Credit of the said recited Acts or any of them, or hereafter to be borrowed on the Credit of the said recited Acts and this Act, and of all Interest due or to grow due for the same.

Appoint-

II. And be further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the ment ofnew Peace acting for the County of Westmoreland, and all His Majesty's Jus-Trustees. rices of the Peace acting for the County of Lancaster, together with the Right Honourable George Henry Cavendish, commonly called Lord George Henry Cavendish, the Right Honourable Edward Lord Stanley, the Right Honourable William Lord Viscount Lowther, Henry Cecil Lowther, Thomas Richmund Gale Braddyll, John Bolton, William Machell, James Machell of Newby Bridge, Richard Towers, William Fell, John Jackson the younger, Richard Machell the younger, Myles Sandys the younger, John Woodburne, Thomas Sunderland, John Sunderland Clerk, and John Romney Clerk, shall be and are hereby joined with and added to the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any of them, to be Trustees for carrying this Act and the said recited Acts into Execution; and the said Trustees herein nominated, being respectively duly qualified, according to the Provisions of the said recited Acts and this Act, and their Successors respectively to be elected, and being respectively so duly qualified, shall in all Respects whatsoever have the like Powers and Authorities to act in the Execution of the said recited Acts and of this Act, as if they had been appointed Trustees in or by virtue of the said recited Acts or any of them.

Power to

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees appoint for carrying this Act and the said recited Acts into Execution, or any additional Five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered. Trustees. at of their Meetings to be holden in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, to elect any Number of Persons, not exceeding Ten irt the 9 Whole,

371

1° GEORGII IV. Ca/).xviii.

Whole, to be Trustees for carrying this Act and the said recited Acts into Execution, in addition to the Trustees hereby appointed; and such Trustees so elected and being duly qualified shall be and are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing this Act and the said recited Acts, as if they had been herein named.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act or the said recited Acts, unless he shall at the Time of his acting be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment of or in the Receipt of Rents and Profits issuing out of Freehold or Copyhold Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be Heir Apparent of a Person seised of a Real Estate in Freehold or Copyhold Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds, or be possessed of Personal Estate alone, or Real and Personal Estate together, of the Value of Four thousand Pounds, nor (except in administering the Oath or Affirmation herein-after mentioned) until he shall have taken and subscribed, before any Five or more of the said Trustees, an Oath or Affirmation in the following Form of Words, and which Oath or Affirmation the said Trustees, or any or either of them, at any of their Meetings to be holden in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, are or is hereby authorized to administer:

* j do swear, \or, being one of the People called

c Quakers, do solemnly affirm,] That I truly and bona fide am in my

* own Right [or, in the Right of my Wife], in the actual Possession and ‘ Enjoyment of [or, in the Receipt of Rents and Profits issuing out of]

‘ Freehold or Copyhold Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear ‘ yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprizes [or, am Heir Apparent of who to the best of my Knowledge is

{ seised of a Real Estate of Freehold or Copyhold Lands, Tenements,

* or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of One hundred and fifty ‘ Pounds, or, am possessed of Personal Estate alone, or Real and Personal

* Estate together, of the Value of Four thousand Pounds, as the Cafe

* may be.] So help me GOD.

* [or, being a Quaker, omit the Words, f So help me GOD.’] *

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person (appointed Trustees in-or to be appointed a Trustee by virtue of this Act or the said recited Acts) terested, or shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act or the holding said recited Acts, in any Case where he shall be personally interested, nor p1^63 of whilst he holds any Place or Employment of Profit under the said Trus- keeping°vio tees or this Act; and that no Person shall be capable of being appointed t ualling

a Trustee, or of acting as such, during the Time he shall keep a Victual- Houses. &c. ling-house or other House of Public Entertainment, or who shall sell not to act Wine, Cider, Beer, Ale, Spirituous or other Strong Liquors by Retail, or who shall be interested or concerned in any Contract or Contracts under this Act or the said recited Acts, or who shall be Lessee or Farmer of the Tolls, or of any Part or Parts thereof, under this Act; and if any Person not being qualified as aforesaid, or being disqualified by any of the Causes aforesaid, shall nevertheless act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act or the said recited Acts, every such Person shall, for every

372

1° GEORGII IV. Cffjo.xviii.

every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed j and the Person so sued or prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor than that such Person, hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act or the said recited Acts: Provided nevertheless, that all Acts and Proceedings of any Person or Persons who hath or have acted as Trustee or Trustees in the Execution of the said recited Acts, or who shall act as such Trustee or Trustees in the Execution of this Act and the said recited Acts, without being duly qualified, shall (if done previous to his or their being convicted of such Offence) be as valid and effectual as if such Person or Persons had, at the Time of so acting, been duly qualified.

Trustees may

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be suedin the sue<* ^or or concern*ng any thing relating to the Execution of this Act Name of their and the said recited Acts, in the Name of their Clerk, or in the Name of Clerk. any one of the said Trustees, on Behalf of the said Trustees; and no Action or Suit which shall be so brought shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of the Clerk, or of the Trustees, or any of them, in whose Name the same shall be brought, or by the Act of such Clerk, without the Consent of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, but the Clerk to the said Trustees for the Time being, or the Successor or Successors of the Trustee or Trustees, in whose Name or Names any Action or Suit shall be so brought, shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, in any such Action or Suit, as the Case may be; and every such Clerk and Trustee shall be fully reimbursed and paid, out of the Monies arising by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, all such Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event or in consequence of any Action, Suit, Prosecution, Information, Appeal or other Proceedings, he shall pay, bear, sustain, expend, or be put unto, or become chargeable with or liable for, or be entitled to by reason of being so made Plaintiff, Defendant, Informant, Appellant or Respondent.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person who has been, or who by virtue of the said recited Acts or any of them, or of this Act, may be appointed to act as their Clerk, or the Partner of any such Clerk, the Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act and the said recited Acts, or any of them, or to continue or appoint the Person who has been or may be appointed their Treasurer, by virtue of the said recited Acts or any of them, or of this Act, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, the Clerk to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall act in both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of the said recited Acts or this Act, or any of them, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer shall act as Clerk in the Execution of the said recited Acts or this Act, or any of them, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence,

forfeit

Offices of Clerk and Treasurer

373

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xviii.

forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act Repealing of the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, as requires an Oath so much of to be administered to and taken by all Officers and Persons who shall

from Time to Time, when thereunto required by the said Trustees, or any officers to Five or more of them, make and render the Accounts therein mentioned, verify their and also so much thereof as subjects any such Officer or Person who shall Accounts on refuse to verify such Accounts upon Oath, to the Punishment therein at mentioned, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they Books to be are hereby required, from Time to Time and at all Times during the kept of Ac-Continuance of this Act, to order and direct a Book or Books to be pro- ReuCeJs)tsfand vided and kept by their Clerk for the Time being, in which Book or DUburse-" Books such Clerk shall enter, or cause to be entered, true and regular ments, which Accounts of all Sums of Money received, paid, laid out and expended, shaI1 be open for or on account of the said Road, and of the several Articles, Matters

and Things for which such Sums of Money shall have been disbursed, ^Trustees laid out, and paid $ which Books shall at all seasonable Times be open to and Credi-the Inspection of the said Trustees, and any Creditor or Creditors of the tors<

Tolls, without Fee or Reward; and the said Trustees and Creditors,

and any of them, shall and may take Copies of or Extracts from the said

Book or Books, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, without paying

any thing for the same; and in case the said Clerk shall refuse to per- penajtv for

mit the said Trustees or such Creditors, or any or either to them, to in- Refusal of

spect the same, or to take such Copies or Extracts as aforesaid, such Clerk Inspection.

or Clerks shall forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Five

Pounds, to be levied, recovered, and applied in Manner provided by the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty for the levying, recovering, and application of Penalties.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Waggons, Waggons, &c. Wains, Carts or other such Carriages (in respect whereof, or of the allowed Pri-Horses drawing the same, the Tolls by the said recited Acts granted are XJleSes arid made payable), having the Wheels of the Width and Description, and franTed by8 the Axletrees fixed, as mentioned and set forth in or by an Act passed in Act 55 G. 3. the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to

enable the Trustees of Turnpike Roads to abate the Tolls on Carriages, and to allow of their carrying extra IVeight in certain Cases, shall be entitled to the Privileges and Exemptions granted by the said Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of any of the Tolls Tickets to ba to be taken on the said Road by virtue of the said recited Acts or this printed.

Act, the Collector or Receiver shall and he is hereby required to deliver

gratis to the Person paying such Toll, a Note or Ticket denoting such Payment, which Notes or Tickets shall be provided by the said Trustees or their Lessees, and there shall be printed and specified thereon the Name of the Gate at which the Toll is received, and of the Gate or Gates which such Ticket shall free.

374 1 GEORGII IV. Cap. xviii.

General

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or

Exemptions for any Horses or Carriages attending His Majesty or any of the

rom o . RQyjj Family, nor for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages of whatsoever Description employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning therefrom; nor for any Horses, Cattle or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or any sick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers; nor for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, or the Horse or Horses, or other Cattle drawing the same, employed in conveying any Ordnance, Barrack or Commissariat or other Public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, or returning empty from having been so employed; nor for the Horses belonging to or used by any Officers or Soldiers, or Militia or Local Militia, on their March or on Duty, or belonging to or furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry or Infantry respectively, and rode by them, or drawing any Carriage conveying Volunteer Infantry, in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, Inspection, or Review (provided that such Persons be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption); nor from any Rector, Vicar, or Curate, going to officiate or returning from officiating at his proper Parish Church, or other Place of Divine Worship, or on other his parochial or ministerial Duty, or visiting his sick Parishioners; nor from any Person or Persons going to or returning from his, her, or their proper parochial Church or Chapel, or from any Person or Persons going to or returning from his, her, or their usual Place of religious Worship tolerated by Law, on Sundays or on any other Day on which Divine Worship is or shall be ordered by Authority to be celebrated in the same Parish, Township, or Place, or going to or returning from the Funeral of any Person who shall die and be buried in any such same Parish, Township, or Place; nor for any Horses, Beasts, Cattle, or Carriages, used or employed for the Purpose only of carrying or conveying Persons to or from any Election or any Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the Counties of Westmoreland and Lancaster respectively, during the Time of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; or of carrying or conveying Vagrants sent by legal Passes; or of carrying or conveying Hay or Straw, or Com in the Straw only, and not sold or disposed of, or going to be sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up in the Houses, Outhouses, Barns, or Yards, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; nor for any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, any Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Husbandry belonging to any such Inhabitants or Occupiers, or any Dung, Mould, Manure, or Compost, (save and except Lime) for manuring or improving Lands; nor for any Horse, Beast, or Cattle going to or returning from ploughing or harrowing, or to or from Water 4 or

375

I° GEORGII IV. Cap. xviii.

or Pasture, or gding to be or returning from being shoed or farried; or for any Horse, Beast, or Cattle, or For any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, used or employed for the Purpose only of carrying or conveying, or going empty to fetch, carry, or convey, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, any Gravel, Furze, Heath, Sand, Stones, or other Materials for making and repairing the said Road, or any other Highway or public Road, within any Parish, Township, or Place in which any Part of the said Road lies; or for building or rebuilding, enlarging, or repairing any present or future public Bridge or Bridges on the said Road; and if any Person shall, by any fraudulent or collusive Means Penalty on whatsoever, claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the same, every such Person shall for every fit Df Exemp-such. Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be tions. recovered, levied, and applied in Manner by the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, provided for the Recovery and Application of Penalties and Forfeitures; and in all Cases the Proof of Exemption shall be upon the Person claiming the same.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person Carriages owning or driving, or causing to be driveh, any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or for His Ma-other Carriage provided for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or con- J2n80tetr* veying any Ordnance, Barrack, Commissariat, or other public Stores, of be weighed, or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, shall be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture for Overweight, nor shall any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or the Horse or Horses, or other Cattle drawing the same, while so employed, be stopped or detained by reason of any Weight in or upon any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or of its being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen; but it shall be lawful for any Owner or Driver of any such Waggon,

Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, to put any Number of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, for drawing the same; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute or Disputes Disputes con-shali happen respecting the demanding or taking, or the Payment of

Toll, or about the Amount of Toll due, or the Charges of keeping by a6Jus- 6 or selling any Distress, such Dispute or Disputes shall be heard and ti'ce. determined by some Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where the Cause of Dispute shall arise, who, upon Application to him made for that Purpose, shall examine the Matter upon Oath of the Parties, or other Witness or Witnesses (which Oath every such Justice is hereby authorized and empowered to administer), and shall determine the Amount of the Toll due, and other Matters in Dispute between the Parties, and may also award such Costs to be paid by either Party to the other as to such Justice shall seem just and reasonable; all which Costs, in case the same shall not be forthwith paid, shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so awarded or directed to pay the same, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant every such Justice is hereby empowered

376

For preventing Toll Collectors from misbehaving, &c.

Deviation not to exceed 100 Yards from the present Road without Con-

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xviii.

ered to issue); and the Overplus (if any) after Payment of such Costs, and the Costs of such Distress and Sale, shall be returned upon Demand to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Toll Collector or Toll Collectors, being Lessee or Lessees of the Tolls on the said Road, or appointed or to be appointed, either under the said recited Acts or this Act, or by the said Trustees, or by any such Lessee or Lessees, to collect the Tolls or Duties payable at any Turnpike or Toll Gate on the said Road, shall and he is hereby required, on each and every Day previous to his entering on Duty for the Collection of the said Tolls, to place his Christian and Surname, painted on a Board in legible Characters, in the Front or on some other conspicuous Part of the Toll House or Toll Gate, each of the Letters of such Name or Names to be at least Two Inches in Length, and of a Breadth in Proportion, and painted either in White Letters on a Black Ground, or Black Letters on a White Ground, and shall continue the same so placed during the whole Time he shall be upon such Duty; and if any Collector of the same Tolls shall not place such Board as aforesaid, and keep the same there during the Time aforesaid, or shall refuse to permit or suffer, or shall in anywise hinder any Person or Persons from reading such Christian or Surname, or shall refuse to tell his Christian or Surname to any Person or Persons who shall demand the same, on having paid the said Tolls or any of them, or shall in answer to such Demand give a false Name or Names, or shall refuse or neglect to give a printed Note or Ticket denoting the Payment of such Tolls, and having named and specified thereon the Gate or Gates freed by such Payment, or shall unnecessarily detain, or upon the legal Toll being paid or tendered, shall ‘wilfully obstruct, hinder, or prevent any Passenger, Horse, Beast, Carriage, or Cattle from passing through any Turnpike or Toll Gate, or shall make use of any scurrilous or abusive Language to any Passenger or Passengers, then and in every such Case every such Toll Collector shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence, as the Justice or Justices before whom the Information shall be laid shall adjudge; and such Penalty shall be recovered, levied, and applied in Manner as is by the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty provided for the Recovery and Application of Forfeitures and Penalties: Provided also, that if any Person or Persons shall at any Time assault, obstruct, hinder, or molest any Collector who shall or may be employed by virtue of or in the Execution of the said recited Acts or this Act, in the Performance of his Duty, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered, levied, and applied in the same Manner as such last-mentioned Penalty.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, in diverting, altering, or improving any Part of the said Road, under the Powers of the said recited Acts and this Act, or any of them, shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards of Three Feet each from the present Line, without the Consent and Approbation in Writing of the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, through whose Lands or Grounds such Deviation shall be made.

1* GEORGII IV. Cap. xviii. 377

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed A^pHcanon or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to gatj0°m[ien" be purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited amounting Acts or of this Act, for the Purposes of the said Road, which shall belong to 2001.

to any Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Tenant for Life or in Tail, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian,

Committee, or other Trustee for or on Behalf of any Infant, Idiot, Lunatic,

Feme Covert, or other Cestuique Trust, or to any Person whose Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in strict or other Settlement, or to any Person under any Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act and the said recited Acts, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, standing settled therewith to the same or the like Uses,

Trusts, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied then the same shall be laid out and invested, under and with the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, or capable of taking Effect; and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said High Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement was made.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money where less so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- than 2001. ments, to be purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and fndam°"ut-belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disabi- , ng to "U lity or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then

and in all such Cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands,

[Local."] 5 C Tenements,

378

l° GEORGII IV. Cap. xviii.

Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees for executing this Act and the said recited Acts (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such principal Money, and the Dividends arising therefrom, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said High Court of Chancery.

Where under

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid, as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act or the said recited Acts, in such Manner as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

In ease of not making out a good Title, or Persons cannot be found, the Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank, subject to the Order of Chancery.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this Act or the said recited Acts, for the Purposes aforesaid, shall refuse to accept the same, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or in case the Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parries interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, [describing them], subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said High Court of Chancery; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereto, and to make such other 8 Order

379

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xvw.

Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the same is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any J?ca"dof Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, Title, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Purposes aforesaid, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said High Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason Court may of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation order reason-entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased ableEx-under the Authority of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Pur- Sid bVthe6 poses aforesaid, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be Trustees, paid into the said High Court of Chancery, and be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said High Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, or so much of such Expences as to the said Court shall seem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXni. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited

Repealing Power in

3 G. 3. to get Materials from certain Lands.

aforesaid.

380

For getting Materials to repair the Road.

Notice to be given before Materials taken.

1° GEORGII IV. Ccp.xviii.

aforesaid, without paying any thing for the same, or in, upon, or out of and from any River or Brook, or the Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons where the same may be had or found, paying or offering to pay for the Damages as therein mentioned, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and all such Persons as he or they shall appoint, to search for, dig, gather, get, and take away any Stones, Gravel, Sand or other Materials for making, amending, altering, improving or repairing the said Road, out of any Waste or Common, or out of any Common River or Brook, in any Parish, Township, or Place in which any Part of the said Road shall lie or be situate, or in any adjoining Parish, Township, or Place, without paying anything for the same, they the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or sloping down the Banks where such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off such Pits or Quarries, so that the same may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and if a sufficient Quantity of such Materials cannot be had or found in or upon any such Waste or Common, or in any such Common River or Brook, then and in such Case the Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons as aforesaid, may by Order of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place in which such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall lie or be situate, (as the Case may be), to be made upon the Application of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, search for, dig, gather, get, and take away any such Materials, in and out of the Lands, Fields, or Grounds of any Person or Persons, in any Parish, Hamlet, Township, or Place in which any Part of the said Road shall lie or be situate, where the same may be had or found (such Lands, Fields, or Grounds not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House, or any Piece of Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees), making or tendering such Satisfaction for the Value of such Materials, and also for the Damage done to the Owners and Occupiers of any such Lands, Fields, or Grounds where and from whence the same shall be dug, gathered, and carried away, or over which the same, or any other Materials for amending, altering, improving, or repairing the said Road shall be carried, as shall be agreed upon between them and such Owner or Occupier j or in case of their not agreeing, then as any Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in and for such County or Place as aforesaid (as the Case may be), shall and may adjudge and determine to be reasonable: Provided also, that no such Stone or other Materials as aforesaid shall be gotten, dug for, or taken away, within the Distance of One hundred Yards of any Bridge, Mill, Mill-weir, or Dam, on any Account or Pretence whatsoever.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Surveyor, or any Person or Persons acting under the Authority of the said recited Acts or this Act, to dig, gather, get, take, or carry away any Materials for repairing the said Road out of or from any inclosed Land or Ground, until Notice in Writing signed by the Surveyor shall have been given to the Owner or Occupier of the Premises from which such

Materials

381

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xviii.

Materials are intended to be taken or left at the House or last or usual Place of Abode of such Owner or Occupier, to appear before any Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County or Place in which such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall lie or be situate, to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Land or Ground; and in case such Owner or Occupier, or his or her Agent, shall attend pursuant to such Notice, but shall not shew sufficient Cause to the contrary, such Justice or Justices shall, if he or they think proper, authorize such Surveyor, or other Person or Persons, to dig, gather, get, take, and carry away such Materials at such Time or Times as to such Justice or Justices shall seem proper; and if such Owner or Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or herself, or by his or her Agent, such Justice or Justices may (upon Proof on Oath of the Service of such Notice, and which Oath he, they, or any of them, is and are hereby empowered to administer) make such Order therein as he or they shall think fit, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Owner or Occupier, or his or her Agent, had attended.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall For prevent-drive any Horse or other Cattle, or any Cart or other Carriage, or hale, , nS Nuisan" draw, carry, pass, or wheel any Hurry, Truck, or Wheelbarrow, on any ce Footway or Causeway adjoining to the said Road; or shall shoe, farry, or bleed any Horse, Mule, or Ass, except in the Case of Accidents; or if the Driver of any Waggon, Cart, Dray, Sledge, or other Carriage used for the carrying of Goods and Merchandize, shall ride on the Shafts, or on any other Part of such Waggon, Cart, Dray, Sledge, or other Carriage, or on any of the Horses drawing the same, upon any Part of the said Road; or if any Person driving any Pigs or Swine upon the said Road shall suffer the same to root up and damage the same, or any Part thereof, or the Fences, Hedges, Banks, or Copse on either Side thereof; or if any Person shall turn any Horse, Ass, Beast, or Swine upon the said Road, or suffer any Ho'se, Ass, Beast, or Swine to be turned, or to be or remain upon the said Road to graze or depasture on the Sides thereof; or if any Person driving any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, upon the said Road, and meeting another Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, shall not keep his or her Carriage on the Left or Near Side of the Road, or if any Person shall in any Manner wilfully prevent any other Person or Persons from passing him or her upon the said Road, or the Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other such Carriage under his or her Care; or if any Person shall make or assist to make any Fire or Fires commonly called Bonfires, or shall set fire to, or let off, or throw any Squib, Rocker, Serpent, or Fire-work whatsoever on the said Road, or within Eighty Feet of the Centre thereof, or play at Football, or any other Game or Games, to the Annoyance of any Passenger or Passengers; or if any Person shall, after having blocked or stopped any Cart or other Carriage in going up a Hill or rising Ground cause or suffer to be or remain on the said Road, or any Part, thereof, the Stone or other Thing with which such Cart or other Carriage shall have been blocked or stopped on any Part or Parts of the said Road; or if any Person shall leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, in, upon, or on the Side of any Part of the said Road longer than may be necessary for loading or unloading the same, either with or without any Horse or Beast of Draught harnessed or yoked thereto; or in case the \_LocaL~\ 5 D — E same

382 P GEORGII IV. Cap.m

same shall not during such Time be drawn up or placed as near to the Side of the Road as conveniently may be, or shall lay any Piece of Timber, 6r any Stones, Hay, Straw, Dung, Manure, Soil, Filth, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever on any Part of the said Road, or on the Side or Sides thereof, or upon the Footpaths or Gausewavs adjoining to such Road, to the Prejudice, Annoyance, or Interruption of Persons iravelling and passing thereon; every Person so offending shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; to be recovered, levied, and applied as other Penalties and Forfeitures are by the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty directed to be recovered, levied, and applied.

Gates to

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Gate of any Park, Pad-

warda'0* dock, Field, or Inclosure whatsoever shall be made to open into or towards any Part of the said Road, or be suffered to continue so to open, except the Hanging Post thereof shall be Thirty Feet at least from the Centre of any such Part of the said Road; and the Occupier or Occupiers of every Park, Paddock, Field, or Inclosure, having any Gate opening outwards, contrary to the Meaning of this Act, shall within Ten Days after Notice to him, her, or them given, either personally or in Writing, from the Surveyor of the said Road, cause such Gate to be hung so that the same shall not open outward or swing towards the said Road whenever the same shall be practicable, but in every Case in such a Manner as that no Part of the Gate when open shall project over any Part of the said Road, or any Footpath belonging thereto; and in Default thereof the Surveyor of the said Road is hereby authorized to cause the Gate to be hung according to the Intention of this Act; and the Person or Persons guilty of such Neglect or Default shall, upon Complaint made to any Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County or Place where the Gate shall be situate, and upon Conviction upon the Oath of One credible Witness, pay to such Surveyor such Sum as the said Justice or Justices shall direct, to defray the Expence of making the Alteration and hanging such Gate, and shall also forfeit and pay a further Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for his, her, or their Neglect therein, to be fixed by and at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be made; and such Penalty shall be recovered, levied, and applied in Manner by the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, provided for the Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Statute

Labour.

Justices to determine Differences touching Statute Work.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Road, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereto, in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County or Place in which the said Road or any Part thereof lies, and they are hereby empowered and required (upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, by their Order,) yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, ' or Places in which the said Road lies, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, or Place, in lieu

of

1° GEORGII IV. CapixaZ,

of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, shall be by him* Of them paid to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer; and in order thereunto, it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township or Place, to bring in Lists before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons)* of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and out of such Lists such Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject or liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid ', to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shaK be done on such Days and at such Times' (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and on such Parts of the said Road as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors by their Order, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lists shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the .Surveyor or Surveyors of every such Parish, Township or Place for the Time being, to be by him or them paid over to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof by any such Surveyor or Surveyors, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said recited Acts or any of them authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid (after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees) shall, for every Day of his, her or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and discharge the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for 2 any

384

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xviii.

any of the said Parishes, Townships or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse and neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof, in Manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Expencea of

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges and Ex* ct owpai . pences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act» together with lawful Interest from the Time of advancing the same until the Time of Payment, shall be paid and satisfied by the said Trustees; and that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby required to order and direct the Payment of the said Charges and Expences, with Interest as aforesaid, out of any Monies in their Hands, and the first Monies that shall be collected, borrowed or received by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, in preference to all other Payments and Disbursements whatsoever.

Act made

XXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and u IC* taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

Commence-

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon Continuance Pass*nK thereof; and that the said several recited Acts (except such of the Act. Parts thereof as are altered or repealed, and subject to the Alterations and Amendments herein contained) shall continue and be in force and effecr, and, together with this Act, shall be executed for and during the Residue of the Term granted and continued by the said recited Acts or any of them j and from the Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Straiian, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1820.

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

I.

eupon much as and

disci, Residue Ilka-, lena of [Session

\am

Cap. xix.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cheadle to Quickshill Bank, and from Bears Brook to Rocester in the County of Stafford; and for making a new Road from Denston to Rocester in the said County.

[22d June 1820.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Cheadle through Alveton to the Uttoxeter and Ashborne Turnpike Road at or near Quickshill Bank; and also the Road leading from the Stone and Uttoxeter Turnpike Road at Bears Brook through Hollington to the said Uttoxeter and Ashborne Turnpike Road, at or near the Churnet Bridge at Rocester in the County of Stafford, to continue in force for Twenty-one Tears, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas the public Carriage Road leading from the Cheadle and Quickshill Bank Road at Denston, to and over a Bridge called Lady Meadow Bridge, and across the Churnet Ford to the Uttoxeter and Ashborne Turnpike Road at Rocester, is in some Parts narrow, circuitous, and inconvenient for Travellers and Carriages, and in Time of Floods dangerous and impassable, and cannot be effectually amended, widened and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law, and it would be of public Utility if a new Road was made from the said Bridge called Lady Meadow Bridge, erected across the Froghall and Uttoxeter Canal to [Local.'] 5 F the

390

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xix.

the said Bears Brook and Hollington Turnpike Road near the Churnet Bridge at Rocester aforesaid, being a Distance of Five Furlongs; and if such public Carriage Road and new Road were put under the Care and Management of the Trustees for executing the said recited Act and this Act: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Act have proceeded to put the same in Execution, for which Purpose they have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken, which Money still remains owing, with an Arrear of Interest, and cannot be repaid, nor can the said Roads in the said Act mentioned be properly improved, amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions of the said Act be altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of Recited Act the same, That the said Act passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign further con- of His late Majesty, and all and every the Authorities, Powers, Privileges, tinued. Provisions, Penalties, and Clauses therein contained, (except such as are varied, altered, or repealed) shall be and continue in full force, and be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the said Roads in the said Act mentioned; and also for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the said public Carriage Road from the said Cheadle and Quicksbill Bank Road at Denston, to and over the said Bridge called Lady Meadow Bridge, erected across the said Froghall and Uttoxeter Canal, and also for setting out, making, improving, and keeping in Repair a new Road from the said Lady Meadow Bridge to the said Bears Brook and Hollington Road at or near the said Churnet Bridge at Rocester aforesaid, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same were herein particularly repeated and re-enacted, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Variations, Alterations, and Additions herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect upon the Twenty-fifth Day of March next after the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term and Tolls hereby granted, shall be subject and liable to the Payment of all Money now due and owing on the Credit or on Account of the said former Act, or which may hereafter be borrowed or become due and owing on the Credit of the said Act and this Act, and of all Interest due and to grow due for the same respectively.

Repealing An<i he it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act

Qualification as relates to the Qualification of Trustees, shall be and is hereby repealed, of Trustees and from and after the said Twenty-fifth Day of March no Person shall by former be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, unless he shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession or Enjoyment, or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Freehold or Copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear Yearly value of One hundred Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be Heir Apparent of a Person so seised of Freehold or Copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate, or of Real and Personal Estates together, of the Amount or Value of Four thousand Pounds; and if any Person

not

391

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xix.

not being so qualified shall act as a Trustee in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and every Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty upon Proof being given of his having acted as a Trustee in the Execution of the said recited Act and of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that all Acts and Proceedings by any such Person as a Trustee in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, previous to his being convicted of the said Offence, shall be as valid and effectual as if (such Person had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every Trustee Trustee! to appointed or to be elected and appointed by virtue of the said recited Act take an Oath. and this Act, before he shall act as such (except in administering the Oath

next herein-after mentioned at the First or Second Meeting of the said Trustees for executing the said recited Act and this Act) shall take an.

Oath before One or more of the said Trustees (who are hereby empowered to administer the same), in the Form or to the Effect following j (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear, That I am in my own Right [or in the Right of my

* A Wife] truly and bondfide seised or possessed of and in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Freehold or Copyhold Mes-

* suages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of

* One hundred Pounds above Reprizes, [and in case of an Heir Apparent] I ‘ A.B. do swear. That I am Heir Apparent of C.D. who to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, is truly and bona fide seised or possessed of and in

* the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Freehold or

* Copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear

* yearly Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds above Reprizes j [and in the Case of Personal Estate] I A.B. do swear, That I am truly and bond ‘ fide possessed of a Personal Estate alone or of Real or Personal Estate 0 together, of the Amount or Value of Four thousand Pounds.

'So help me GOD.

IV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act Repealing ae relates to the Appointment of new Trustees, shall be and is hereby Parts of repealed; and when and as often as any of the Trustees appointed by the former Ap* said recited Act, or to be elected as herein-after mentioned, shall die, or menfEf °mt* shall not be qualified to act, or by Writing under his Hand refuse to act Trustees.

in the Execution of the said recited Act and of this Act, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Trustees or any Five or more of them at any Meeting to be held by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, (whereof at least Ten Days Notice in Writing shall have been given by or in the Names of any Two or more of the said Trustees, or by and in the Name of the Clerk to the said Trustees upon all the Toll Gates then erected on the said Roads, and also by Advertisement to be inserted in some Newspaper published or usually circulated in the County of Stafford) by Writing under their Hands to nominate and appoint a fit Person to be a Trustee in the Room of every Trustee so dying, becoming disqualified, or refusing

392

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xix.

to act; and every Person so from Time to Time to be nominated and appointed shall be joined with the remaining Trustees, and shall have the same Power to act in the Execution of the said recited Act and of this Act as if he had been named and appointed a Trustee in and by the said recited Act or this Act.

— V. And be it further enacted, That Daniel Bird Baddeley, James Beech

rustees. jQ^n Robert Billy the Reverend Thomas Blackey Clerk, James Blair> John Michael Blagg, William Blurt on, Alexander Bowery Richard Brandon> John Buller, Tarde Buller, the Reverend William Carlisle Clerk, George Lambert Clifford, John Dent, Edmund Evans, Walter Evans, John Fallows, Bennett Fallows, William Fletcher, Simon Fowler, John Genty John Goodwin, John Hall, William Harrison, William Harvey, Thomas Harvey, Thomas Harvey Junior, Charles Hart, Charles Hawkins, William Heath, John Heaton, Richard Clarke Hill, William Holmes, John Hordern, Thomas Howe, George Hubbard, Joseph Ingleby, Samuel Keys, William Keys, Thomas Sneyd Kynner-sley, William Labdon, the Reverend Samuel Langley Clerk, Henry Langley, Thomas Lowe, John Lowndes, Gervase Marson, Thomas Mills, William Morris, Joseph Mucklestone, Thomas Hawe Parker, John Philips, William Philips, John Burton Philips, Samuel Philips, William Platt, the Reverend Robert Porter Clerk, the Reverend Delebere Pritchett Clerk, Edward Saunders, Sampson Shelley, Thomas Cotton Shepperd, Clement Sneyd, William Sneyd, William Debank Sneyd, Thomas Smith of Cheadle, Thomas Smith of Eaves, George Smith, James Smith, John Smith of Alton, Thomas Smith of Farley, John Swindells, John Thorley, Joseph Townsend, Thomas Turner, Samuel Watson, Trevor Wheeler, Mark Anthony Whyte, Thomas Wilson, the Reverend William Wragge Clerk, George Wragge, John Toung, William Toung, and all His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Stafford, shall be added unto the present Trustees for executing the said recited Act, for the Purpose of carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, at any Meeting to be holden by virtue of this Act (of which Meeting and of the Purpose thereof such Notice shall be given as is herein-before directed respecting the Appointment of future Trusteeson Vacancies) to elect, nominate, and appoint any Nunber of other fit and proper Persons not exceeding Ten to be Trustees for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, in addition to the Trustees by or in pursuance of the said recited Act nominated and appointed.

L°muchaofng VII‘ And be it ^urther enacted» That so much of the said Act passed

former Act as *n the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty as authorizes authorizes the Trustees for executing the said Act or any Justice or Justices of the Trustees or Peace to administer an Oath to any Officer or Officers appointed or to be administer aPP0, nled by virtue of the said Act as to the Correctness or Justness of Oaths'to Ac- h*s or t^ie‘r Accounts, or respecting any Sum or Sums of Money received countants. or expended by virtue of his or their Office, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

Repealing

VIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act Power of passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty as au-Tnm", 0 J Lrizes

Power to appoint Ten additional Trustees.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xix.

thorizes the Trustees for executing the said Act, to hold a General Annual Meeting on the last Thursday in August in every Year at Alveton and Over Tean alternately, for the Purpose of examining and auditing the Accounts of the Clerk, Treasurer, Surveyors, and Collectors, relating to their respective Offices upon Oath, and for passing such Accounts or so much thereof as they should think fit and proper, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and from and after the Commencement of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to examine and audit such Accounts at any Meetings to be held by virtue of this Act, on such Days and at such Places as they the said Trustees shall think proper.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees appointed under or by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, or any Five or more of them, or for such Person or Persons as any Five or more of them shall employ for that Purpose, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered to amend, widen, alter, and keep in Repair, the said Road from the Cheadle and Quicksbill Road at Denston to and across the said Lady Meadow Bridge, erected across the Froghall and Uttoxeter Canal, and to set out, make, complete, maintain, and keep in Repair a new Road from the said Bridge called Lady Meadow Bridge to the said Bears Brook and Hollington Turnpike Road near the Churnet Bridge at Roccster aforesaid, and [also to widen, alter, improve, amend, and keep in Repair the Roads in the said recited Act mentioned, by making such Alterations and Deviations in the same as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think proper, within the Limits herein-after mentioned, through or over any Commons or Waste Grounds, without making any Satisfaction for the same, and also in, upon, through, or over any of the private Lands, Grounds, Gardens, Tenements, or Hereditaments mentioned in the Schedule to this Act, or in, upon, through, or over any other private Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as the said Trustees shall think proper, first making Satisfaction to all Parties interested therein in Manner directed by the said recited Act, for the Damage such Parties may sustain thereby; and for the Purposes aforesaid it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, their Surveyor or Surveyors, Officers, Servants, and Workmen, with or without Carriages or Cattle, from Time to Time to enter upon the Lands and Premises through which or whereupon the said new Piece of Road is intended to pass, and the said Alteration and Deviations in the said Roads in the said recited Act mentioned are intended to be made, or the Lands or Grounds adjoining thereto, and to continue thereupon as long as may be necessary for the Purposes of this Act, without being deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers for entering or continuing upon such Lands or Premises, and to cut and make such Drains, Gutters, and Tunnels in and upon the Lands adjoining or near such new Piece of Road as shall be by them thought necessary and proper for draining the Water from such new Piece of Road, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, doing as little Damage as may be in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities hereby given; and in case any Difference shall arise concerning the Satisfaction to be made for Damages which shall be sustained by the Owners or Proprietors or Persons interested in such Lands, the same shall be ascertained and settled by a Jury in Manner directed by the said recited Act with respect to the Valuation of Land thereby authorized to be taken or purchased by the said Trustees, and [Local.'] $ G which

393

hold General AnnualMeet-

& veton and Over Tean alternately.

Power to make the new Road,

394

New Road to be made according to Plan.

Trustees not to deviate

One hundred Yards from the Plan.

Misnomers in Book of Reference not to prevent the Execution of this Act.

Roads to be fenced off.

In case of not making out Titles, or if Persons cannot be found, Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank;

1* GEORGII IV. Cap. xix.

which said new Piece of Road shall be of the Breadth of Thirty Feet at the least.

X. And whereas a Map or Plan describing the proposed new Line of Road, and the Lands through which the same is to be carried, together with a Book of Reference containing the List of the Names of the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, has been deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Stafford: Be it therefore enacted, That the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference shall remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, to the end that all Persons may at all seasonable Times have liberty to inspect and peruse the same, and to take Copies or Extracts therefrom at their Will and Pleasure, paying to the Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection, and at the Rate of Sixpence for every Seventy-two Words of such Copies or Extracts of the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference; and the said Trustees in making the said new Line of Road shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards of Three Feet each from the Line described in the said Map or Plan, without the Consent and Approbation in Writing of the Person or Persons, Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, through whose Lands or Grounds such Deviation shall be made, unless otherwise directed by this Act.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make the said new Road, and also the Alterations and Deviations in the Roads comprised in the said recited Act and this Act into, through, across, or over the several Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons who is or are or may be Owner or Owners of the Land over which the same is set out and described in the said Map or Plan as aforesaid, although the Name or Names of such Person or Persons may happen to be erroneously stated or omitted in the said Book of Reference, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Stafford, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error or Omission proceeded from Mistake.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in all Places where the Course of any Part of the present Roads shall be diverted from the old Line of Road, or a new Road shall be made, (except over and through any Common or Waste Ground), and where the old Road shall be widened, in all such Cases the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall, and they are hereby required to cause good and sufficient Mounds, Rails, and Fences to be made and provided, and Quicksets to be planted in an husband-like Manner, and shall support such Mounds, Rails, and Fences for and during the Term of Seven Years from the first making thereof.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, shall refuse to accept the same, or shall not be able to make out a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so

awarded

395

P GEORGII IV. Cap. xix.

awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments [describing them] sub ect to subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of iheJ Orderof Chancery; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons the Court of making claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Chancery, on Motion or Petition, shall be, and is hereby empowered in a summary pe^|[?onn°r Way of Proceeding or otherwise as to the same Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid and invested in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof or Payment of the Dividends thereof according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the same is or are received to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to

be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the touching^he Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the Title to Mo-said recited Act or of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands or Heredita- ney to be ments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or p^tonrwho Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank An- shall be in nuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or In- Possession of terest of such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been the Lands« in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of T^meofsu h such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or Purchase300 under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken shall be to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments deen»ed en-acGording to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the rc^accJrdfn Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest to’such°Pos? of the said Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also session, the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason The Court of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation raay°rd*r entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased Expeucesof under the Authority of the said recited Act or of this Act, the Purchase Purchases to Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and be P^d by to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- the, lrusteas-ments to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance thereof, it shall be lawful

396

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xix.

lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Act or of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be made by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

Repealing Parts of former Act respecting Turnpila

and

XVI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty as authorizes the Trustees for executing the said Act, to ered any Turnpike or Toll-irnpikes, Houses upon or across the said Roads, and upon or near the Sides thereof, across any Lane or Lanes leading into the same, and to make such Alteration in the Situation of any Gate or Turnpike by Order of a General Annual Meeting, and subject to the Notices required to be given by the said recired Act for that Purpose, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and from and after the Commencement of this Act, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to continue all or any of the Turnpikes, or Toll Gates and Toll Houses now standing in, upon, or across the said Roads made by virtue of the said recited Act, or on the Sides thereof, and also to take down, remove, or alter any of such Gates, Turnpikes, or Toll Houses, and to ered or cause to be erected such and so many Gates or Turnpikes upon or across the said Roads or the said new Roads, or on any Part of the Variation of Roads to be made and set out by virtue of this Act, or upon or near the Sides thereof, or across any Lanes or Ways leading into the same, or any Part thereof, as they shall think proper; and also shall and may, if they think it expedient, erect or cause to be erected, a Toll House adjoining or near to every such Gate or Turnpike, and cause a convenient Piece of Ground, not exceeding One-eighth of an Acre, for a Garden, to be set out to every such Toll House, and from Time to Time remove, take down, and alter the Situation of any such Gates, Turnpikes, or Toll Houses, as they shall think proper.

For repealing former Tolls, and granting

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Tolls authorized to be demanded and taken by the said recited Act on the said Roads thereby directed to be repaired, shall, from and after the Commencement of this Act, be and the same are hereby repealed; and thenceforth for and during the Continuance of the Term herein-after mentioned instead of such Tolls and Duties, such Sum or Sums of Money as the Trustees nominated and appointed or hereafter to be appointed for executing the said recited Act and this Act shall direct or appoint, not exceeding the following Tolls, shall be demanded, collected, and paid at each and every of the Toll Gates, Side Bars, and Toll Houses already erected or hereafter to be erected or continued by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, upon any Part or Sides of the Roads by the said recited Act and this Act authorized to be made, improved, and kept in Repair, before any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages shall be permitted to pass through such Toll Gates or Side Bars, or any of them; that is to say,

For every Horse, Mule, or other Beast whatsoever, except an Ass, drawing any Coach, Chariot, Landau, Landaulet, Phaiton, Marine, Berlin, Barouche, Chaise, Calash, Curricle, Hearse, Gig, Chair, or taxed Cart, the Sum of Sixpence:

For

397

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xix.

For every Horse, Mule, or other Beast whatsoever, except an Ass, drawing any Carriage whatsoever, the Wheels whereof shall be of the Breadth of Six Inches or upwards, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Horse, Mule, or other Beast whatsoever, except an Ass, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Drug, Cart, or other such like Carriage, the Wheels whereof shall be of less Breadth than Six Inches, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every empty Carriage with Four Wheels fastened to or behind any Waggon, Wain, Drug, Cart, or other Carriage, the Sum of One Shilling; and for every empty Carriage with Two Wheels so fastened, the Sum of Sixpence; and if loaded, double such Sums:

For every Horse or Mule, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny.

For every Ass drawing any Carriage, the Sum of Two-pence; and when not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number; and *

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Pigs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

All which said respective Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken in the Name of or as a Toll, and may be lessened and raised again, leased or demised or compounded for by the said Trustees in such and the like Manner as the Tolls or Duties granted by the said recited Act are authorized or allowed to be lessened and raised again, leased or demised or compounded for, but no further or otherwise, and shall be paid to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall from Time to Time appoint to collefl: the same; and the Money so to be raised shall be and is hereby vested in the said Trustees, and shall be applied in such and the like Manner as the Tolls and Duties hereby repealed are by the said recited Act directed to be applied, and in keeping in Repair and maintaining the Roads by this Act authorized to be made, and in carrying the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act into Execution.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Waggons, Carts, and other such Carriages having Wheels and Axletrees fixed as directed by an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the Trustees of Turnpike Roads to abate the Tolls on Carriages, and to allow of their carrying extra Weights in certain Cases, and the Horses and other Cattle drawing the same, shall have and enjoy the Privileges and Exemptions granted thereby.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall have paid the Toll by this Act granted, for the passing of any Horse, Beast, Cattle or Carriage, through any Toll Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, such Person, upon producing a Note or Ticket denoting Payment of such Toll, shall be permitted to pass through the same Gate or Turnpike with the same Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage, Toll-free, in respect of such Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage, for which he or she shall have so paid the Toll

Tolls vested in Trustees.

Waggons, &c. having Wheels and Axletrees ac-

55^3.1 \°19. to have Exemptions.

Tolls to be paid but once a Day.

398

Number of Tolls limited.

Exemptions to the Inhabitants of Croxden and Great Yate.

Exemptions at Gates between Bearsbrook and Dodsley.

For settling Disputes concerningTolls

1° GEORGII IV. Cap.six.

as aforesaid on the same Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in one Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no more than One full Toll shall be demanded or taken from any Person or Persons for passing and repassing through all or any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes erected or to be erected by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, on the Roads between Cheadle and Quichhill Bank, and from Cheadle to Rocester; nor more than one full Toll for passing and repassing through all or any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes erected or to be erected from Bearsbrook to Rocester, the same Day, to be computed as aforesaid, with the same Horses, Cattle, Sheep, Beasts, or Carriages.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Inhabitants of Croxden and Great Yate, with any Carriages, Horses, or other Beasts or Cattle, to pass from and to Croxden and Great Yate aforesaid, through any Turnpike or Toll Gate already erected or which may be erected on the said Road leading from Bearsbrook to Rocester aforesaid, or on the Sides thereof, between Croxden, Great Yate, and Combridge, for the Payment of a Quarter of a Toll only, except Horses and Mules not drawing, which shall pay One Halfpenny each; provided that if any of the Inhabitants aforesaid shall pass upon any other Part of the Roads by the said recited Act and this Act directed to be kept in Repair, in that Case the same Toll shall be paid by them as by all other Persons travelling on the said Roads, without any Regard to the Payment of such Quarter Toll aforesaid:Provided also, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Inhabitants of Croxden and Great Yate aforesaid to pass and repass with any Carriages, Horses, Beasts, or other Cattle when going empty for or returning laden with Lime through any Turnpike or Toll Gate which now is or shall be erected in the Parish of Alveton upon or near the Sides of the said Road leading from Cheadle to Quicksbill Hank, without paying any Toll whatsoever; and likewise that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Inhabitants of Croxden and Great Yate to pass from and to Croxden and Great Yate aforesaid, with any Carriages, Horses, Beasts, or other Cattle, over Hollington Heath, from and to the Turnpike Road leading from Cheadle aforesaid to Oakamoor at or near a Place called the High Shutt, without taking any Toll whatsoever; any thing herein, or in the said recited Act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no more than One Half Toll shall be demanded or taken for the Passage of any Carriages, Horses, or other Beasts or Cattle, through any Turnpike or Toll Gate now erected or hereafter to be erected upon that Part of the said Road leading from Bearsbrook to Rocester, which leads from Bearsbrook to Dodsley, except for Horses or Mules not drawing, which shall pay One Penny each.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall happen - concerning any Tolls due, or the Charges occasioned by any Distress to be taken by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, it shall be lawful for the Collector so distraining to retain such Distress, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof, till the Amount of the Tolls and the Charges of such

Distress

399

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xix.

Distress shall be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place where any such Dispute shall arise, who, on Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the Matter on the Oath of the Parties, or of a Witness or Witnesses, and shall determine the Amount of the Tolls due, and shall award such Costs and Charges to either Party as to the said Justice shall appear right and proper; all which Costs and Charges shall and may be levied and recovered, in case of Non-payment thereof, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons directed to pay the same by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering the Overplus (if any), on Demand, after Payment of such Costs and Charges, and the Costs and Charges of making such Distress and Sale, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and sold.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of any of the Tolls granted or made payable by this Act, the Collector or Receiver shall and he is hereby required to deliver gratis to the Person paying such Toll a Note or Ticket denoting such Payment, and such Notes or Tickets shall be provided by the said Trustees; and there shall be printed and specified thereon the Names of the several or respective Gates which such Tickets shall free, or which ought, under the Provisions of the said recited Act or this Act, to be passed free for Payment of One Toll.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Toll Collectors being Lessees of the said Tolls, or appointed either by the said Trustees or by any such Lessee or Lessees to collect the Tolls payable at any Turnpike or Gate to be continued or erected by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, shall, and he is hereby required to place his Christian and Sirname painted on a Board in legible Characters in the Front, or on some other conspicuous Part of the Toll House or Toll Gate, immediately on his beginning to collect such Toll or coming on Duty; each of the Letters of such Name or Names to be at least Two Inches in Length, and of a Breadth in proportion, and painted in Black Letters on a White Ground, or White Letters on a Black Ground, and shall continue the same so placed during the whole Time he shall collect such Toll or be upon such Duty; and if any Collector of the same Tolls shall not place such Board as aforesaid, and keep the same there during the Time aforesaid, or shall demand or take a greater or less Toll from any Person than he shall be authorized to do by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act and this Act, or of the Orders and Resolutions of the Trustees made in pursuance thereof, or shall demand and take a Toll from any Person or Persons who shall be exempt from the Payment thereof and claim such Exemption, or shall refuse to permit or suffer, or shall in anyways hinder, any Person or Persons from reading such Christian or Sirname, or shall refuse to tell his Christian or Sirname to any Person or Persons who shall demand the same, on having paid the said Tolls or any of them, or shall, in answer to such Demand, give a false Name or Names, or shall refuse or neglect to give a Ticket denoting the Payment of the Tolls, and naming and specifying the several Gates freed by such Payment, or upon the legal Toll being paid or tendered, shall unnecessarily detain or wilfully obstruct, hinder, or prevent any Passenger or Passengers from passing through any Turnpike or Gate, or shall make use of any scurrilous or abusive Language to any Traveller or Passenger, then and in every such Case every such Toll Collector shall forfeit

Tickets to be printed.

Punishing Toll Collectors misbehaving.

Toll Collectors not to make use of any scurrilous Language to Travellers.

400

General Exemptions from Toll.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xix.

forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence, as the Justice or Justices before whom the Information shall be laid shall adjudge, and such Penalty shall be recovered and applied as other Penalties are by the said recited Act directed to be recovered and applied.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That none of the Tolls hereby authorized to be taken shall be demanded, taken, or received at any of the Turnpike Gates, erected or to be erected or continued upon the Roads by the said recited Act or this Act authorized and directed to be made or kept in Repair, for any Horses or Carriages attending His Majesty or any of the Royal Family, or returning after having been so employed; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages of whatsoever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning therefrom; or for the Horses belonging to any Officers or Soldiers on their March or on Duty; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or in carrying any sick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers; or for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, or the Horse or Horses drawing the same, which shall be employed in conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat, or other Public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, or from any Rector, Vicar, or Curate going to or returning from his own Parish Church or other Place of Divine Worship, or visiting his sick Parishioners; or from any Person or Persons going to or returning from his, her, or their proper Parochial Church or Chapel, or from any Person or Persons going to or returning from his, her, or their usual Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law on Sundays, or on any other Day on which Divine Worship is or shall be ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or attending the Funeral of any Person or Persons who shall die and be buried in any Parish, Hamlet, or Place through which any Part of the said Road lies; or for any Horses, Beasts, Cattle or Carriages used or employed for the Purpose only of carrying or conveying Persons to or from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Stafford; or of carrying or conveying Vagrants sent by legal Passes; or of carrying or conveying Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw for the Use of the Owners, and not for sale or purchased, or of carrying or conveying any Dung, Mould, Manure, or Compost to be used only for manuring of Lands (Lime only excepted); or going or returning empty in that Employment; or for any Horses, Beasts, or Cattle employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying, any Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Husbandry, unless the Carriage bearing any such Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Husbandry, be also laden with any other thing not hereby intended to be exempted from Payment of Toll; or for any Horse, Beast, or Cattle passing to or repassing from Water or Pasture, or for any Horse, Beast, or other Cattle, when going to or returning from being shod or farried, or for any Horse, Beast, or Cattle used or employed for the Purpose only of carrying or conveying Materials for making or repairing any Highway or Public Road, within any such Parish, Hamlet, or Place as aforesaid, or for rebuilding, building, or repairing any present or future Bridge or Bridges on the

401

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xix.

said Roads under this Trust; or for any Horse, Beast, Cattle or Carriage which shall cross the said Roads only, or shall not pass more than One hundred Yards thereon; or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding furnished by or for any Person or Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning from any Place appointed for Exercise, Inspection, or Review, provided that such Person is in the Uniform of his Corps, and has his Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations appointed for such Corps, at the Time of claiming the Exemption; and if any Person shall Penalty on claim and take the Benefit of any Exemption in this Act contained or provided for, not being entitled to the same, every such Person shall for *f^xtne every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; eruptions, and in all cases the Proof of Exemption shall lie upon the Person claiming the same.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or driving Owners or or causing to be driven, any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage Driwa* provided for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or conveying any Ord- COnyfying nance, Barrack, or Commissariat, or other Public Stores of or belonging Military to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, shall be subject to Stores, not any Penalty or Forfeiture for Overweight, nor shall any such Waggon,

Wain, Cart, or other Carriage be stopped or detained by reason of any Overweight. Weight in any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen, but it shall be lawful for any Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, to put any Number'd Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in the said recited Act or this Act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to Trustees absolutely to sell and dispose of arty Toll House or Toll Houses sell ToH now or hereafter to be erected, and the Ground whereon the same shall House8, stand, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances thereto belonging,

and any other Piece or Pieces of Ground, when they shall be considered by the said Trustees to be useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of the said recited Act or this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as they the said Trustees can obtain for the same; and in case of Sale, to convey the said Toll Houses, Gardens, and Appurtenances to the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, as an Estate or Estates of Inheritance in Fee Simple; and the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, shall upon Payment of his, her, or their Purchase Money to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, hold and enjoy the Premises by him, her, or them so-purchased, discharged from all Trusts and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be obliged to see to the Application of his, her, or their Purchase Money, nor be answerable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Offer of the £irst Offer to Purchase of any Toll House or Toll Houses, and the Ground whereon ownei/of the same may stand, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances adjoining

[Local,] 5 / thereto Estates.

402

Deviation not to exceed more than One hundred Yards from the present Hoad.

Offices of Clerk and Treasurer not to be held by the same Person.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xix.

thereto belonging, or any other Piece or Pieces of Ground not wanted for the Purposes of the said recited Act or this Act, shall be first made to the Owner of the Land adjoining thereto; and in case such Owner shall be desirous of becoming the Purchaser of such Toll House or Toll Houses, with the Appurtenances thereto belonging, or any Piece or Pieces of Ground as aforesaid, and cannot agree with the said Trustees for the Price to be paid for the Purchase of the same, and such Owner shall still be desirous of becoming the Purchaser thereof, then and in such Case the Value thereof shall be settled and ascertained by a Jury, in such and the like Manner as the Price for any Land to be taken in pursuance of the said recited Act is directed to be settled and ascertained in and by the said recited Act, and such Owner shall be deemed the Purchaser thereof at the Sum to be ascertained by the Jury to be the Value thereof, and the Expence of hearing and determining such Difference, shall be borne and paid in like Manner as by the said recited Act is directed with respect to Purchases made by the said Trustees, mutatis mutandis; and in case such Owner shall refuse to pay such Money on Demand made thereof by the Treasurer or Clerk to the Trustees, and Tender of the Conveyances of such Toll House or Toll Houses with the Appurtenances, or any Piece or Pieces of Ground as aforesaid, the same shall and may be recovered by the said Trustees by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and in case any such Owner shall not agree, or shall refuse to purchase any such Toll House or Toll Houses with the Appurtenances, or any such Piece or Pieces of Ground as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons (not interested in the Premises) to make an Affidavit, to be sworn before a Master or Master Extraordinary of the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Town, Division, or Place where such Toll House or Toll Houses and Appurtenances, or any such Piece or Pieces of Ground shall lie, stating that such Offer has been made by or on behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Owner has not agreed or has refused to purchase such Toll House or Toll Houses, and Appurtenances or Piece or Pieces of Ground (as the Case may be), and such Affidavit shall in all Courts whatsoever, be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and not agreed to or refused by such Owner.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Trustees in diverting, altering, or improving any Part of the said Roads under the Powers of the said recited Act shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards of Three Feet each, from the present Line, except in such Parts, and in making such Variations as are described and laid down on the Plan deposited at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Stafford as herein-before mentioned, without the Consent and Approbation in Writing of the Person or Persons, Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, through whose Lands or Grounds such Deviation shall be made.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to appoint or continue the Person who has been or shall be appointed to act as their Clerk in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk, the Treasurer for the Purposes of the said recited Act or this Act, or to appoint or continue the Person who has been or shall be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, the Clerk to the said Trustees for executing

the

403

l° GEORGII IV. Cy.xix.

the said recited Act or this Act; and if any Person shall act in both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes aforesaid, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer, shall act as Clerk in the Execution of the said recited Act or this Act, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and Accounts to they are hereby required from Time to Time, and at all Times during the Receipts°and Continuance of the said recited Act and this Act, to order and direct a Distmrse-Book or Books to be provided and kept by their Clerk for the Time being, ments.

in which Book or Books such Clerk shall enter or cause to be entered true and regular Accounts of all Sums of Money received, paid, laid out, and expended for or on account of the said Roads, and of the several Articles, Matters, and Things, for which any Sum of Money shall have been disbursed, laid out, and paid, which Book or Books shall at all seasonable Times be open to the Inspection of the said Trustees, and any Creditor or Creditors on the Tolls hereby granted, without Fee or Reward; and the said Trustees and Creditors shall or may take Copies of or Extracts from the said Book or Books, or any Part or Parts thereof, without paying any thing for the same, and in case the said Clerk shall refuse to permit the said Trustees or such Creditors or any of them to inspect the same, or take such Copies or Extracts as aforesaid, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Mortgagee or Mortga- An Action of gees of the Toll Gates, Bars, Chains, Toll Houses, and Buildings, erected Ejectment or to be erected by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, shall seek to may sup-obtain the Possession of the said Toll Gates, Bars, Chains, Toll Houses on^Mort-and Buildings, or of the Tolls authorized to be collected thereat in order gagee.

to pay himself, herself, or themselves the Principal Money and Interest or any Part thereof, due to him, her, or them, it shall be competent for him, her, or them as Lessor or Lessors of the Plaintiff, and upon his, her or their Demise only, and without uniting in such Demise the other Mortgagees of the said Tolls and Premises, to obtain such Possession; but such Person or Persons who shall obtain the Possession thereof shall not apply the Tolls which may consequently be received by him, her, or them, to his, her, or their own exclusive Use and Benefit, but to and for the Use and Benefit of all the Mortgagees of the said Tolls, Toll Gates,

Buildings, and Premises, pari passu, and in proportion to the several Sums which may be due to them as such Mortgagees.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Gate of any Park, Paddock, Gates to Field, or Inclosure whatsoever shall be made to open into or towards any open in-Part of the said Roads, or be suffered to continue so to open except the wards, hanging Post thereof shall be Thirty Feet at least from the Centre of such

Par.s of the said Roads, and the Occupier or Occupiers of every Park,

Paddock, Field, or Inclosure having any Gate opening contrary to the Directions of this Act shall, within Fourteen Days after Notice to him, her, or them given, either personally or in Writing from the Surveyor of the

404 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xix.

the said Roads cause such Gate to be hung in the Manner hereby directed whenever the same shall be practicable, but in every case in such a Manner as that no Part of the Gate when open shall project over any Part of the said Roads or any Footpath belonging thereto; and in Default thereof the Surveyor of the said Roads is hereby authorized to cause such Gate to be so hung, and the Person or Persons guilty of such Neglect or Default shall, upon Complaint made to any Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County in which such Gate shall have been erected, and upon Conviction thereof, upon the Oath of one credible Witness pay to such Surveyor such Sum as the said Justice or Justices shall direct, to defray the Expence of making the Alteration and hanging such Gates, and shall also forfeit and pay a further Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for his, her, or their Neglect therein, to be fixed by and at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be made as aforesaid.

Materials^

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That so much and such Part of Repair the the sa'd recited Act as authorizes the said Surveyors by Order of the said Roads. Trustees to get Materials for repairing the said Roads shall be, and the same is hereby repealed; and it shall and may be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads by the said recited Act and this Act authorized to be made and kept in Repair, and all such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint, to search for, dig, gather, and take away any Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for making or repairing the said Roads out of any Waste or Common Ground, Common River, or Common Brook in any Parish, Township, or Place in which any Part of the said Roads shall lie or be situated, or in any adjoining Parish, Township, or Place, without paying any thing for the same, they the said Suveyor or Surveyors or other Person or Persons filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or sloping down the Banks where such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off such Pits or Quarries so that the same may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and if sufficient Quantities of Materials cannot be had or found in or upon any such Waste or Common Ground, Common River, or Common Brook, then and in such Case the Surveyor or Surveyors or other Persons as aforesaid may by the Order of any Two Justices of the Peace search for, dig, gather, and take away any such Materials in and out of the Lands, f ields, or Grounds of any Person or Persons where the same may be had or found in any Parish, Township, or Place in which any Part of the said Roads shall be situated, or in any adjoining Parish, Township, or Place (such Lands, Fields, or Grounds not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House, or any Piece of Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees) making or tendering such Satisfaction for the Value of the Materials and for the Damage done to the Owners and Occupiers of such Grounds where and from whence the same shall be dug, gathered, and carried away, or over which the same or any other Materials for making or repairing the said Roads shall be carried, as the said Justices shall judge reasonable.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Surveyor or Surveyors, or any Person or Persons acting under the Authority of this or the said recited Act, to dig, gather, get, take, or carry away any Materials for repairing such Roads out of or from any inclosed Lands

or

Notice to be given before Materials taken.

m

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. 7ax.

or Grounds without the Consent in Writing of the Owners or Occupier* thereof first had and obtained for that Purpose, and until Ten Days previous Notice in Writing, signed by the Surveyor of the said Roads shall have been given to the Owners or Occupiers of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left at the House or last usual Place of Abode of such Owners or Occupiers, to appear before any Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County or Place in which such Lands or Grounds shall be situate, to shew Cause why such Materials should not be had from such Lands or Ground*; and in case such Owner or Occupier or his Agent shall attend pursuant to such Notice, but shall not shew sufficient Cause to the contrary, such Justice or Justices shall, if he or they think proper, authorize such Surveyor or other Persons to dig, gather, get, take, and carry away such Materials in such Manner as is directed by the said recited Act, at such Time or Times as to such Justice or Justices shall seem proper} and if such Owner or Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or his Agent, such Justice or Justices may (upon Proof on Oath of the Service of such Notice, and which Oath any one of such Justices is hereby empowered to administer), make such Order therein as they shall think fit as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Owner or Occupier or his Agent had attended.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall make, raise, or set any new Wall or Hedge, Fence or Fences of Thorns or Quicks in or upon any of the Lands or Grounds next adjoining to the said Roads nearer to the Centre thereof than Seventeen Feet; and if any such new Inclosure, Wall, Fence, or Hedge shall be made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, from Time to Time, upon their View and Sight of such new Inclosure, Wall, Fence, or Hedge, to cause the same to be levelled, thrown down, and removed, and to levy the Expence attending such levelling, throwing down, and removal upon the Offender or Offenders in the same Manner as any Penalties and Forfeitures are by the said recited Act or this Act directed to be levied.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if the several Persons Subscribers who have become Subscribers towards the Expence of making the said comPellabl.e new Road, or any one or more of them, or any Person or Persons who "ubsmSion shall hereafter become or agree to become a Subscriber or Subscribers F for the Purposes aforesaid, shall after Twenty Days previous Notice in

Writing under the Hand of the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees for that Purpose, to him, her, or them given, or left at his, her, or their Dwelling-house or usual Place or Places of Abode, refuse or neglect to make Payment of the respective Sums by him, her, or them so subscribed or agreed to be subscribed, or such Part or Parts thereof as may be required in such Notice, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being to sue for and recover the same by Action at Law in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited statute Act as relates to the Performance of Statute Labour on the said Roads Work, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed, and that all Persons who by

Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the Roads by the said recited Act and LLocal.-] 5 K this

To prevent Encroachments by Fences.

1- GEORGII IV. Cap. xix.

this Act, directed to be made or kept in Repair, or any Part thereof shall still remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County of Stafford, and they are hereby required and empowered (upon Application made to them by the said Trustees or by their Clerk or Surveyor by their Order) yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Hamlets, or Places in which the said Roads lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Hamlet, or Place in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Hamlet, or Place, to bring in Lists before such Justices at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons), of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Hamlet, or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repairs of the public Highways, and out of such Lists the said Justices shall and may appoint and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and on such Parts of the said Roads as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint, and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lists shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the Surveyor or Surveyors for every such Parish, Hamlet, or Place for the Time being, to be by him or them paid over to the said Trustees or their Treasurer at such Time or'l imes as the said Justices shall direct; and in default of Payment thereof by any such Surveyor or Surveyor?, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said recited Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall refuse or neglect to do Statute Work as aforesaid (after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose by any Surveyor of the said Trustees), shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the public Highways $ and if any Person who shall

407

I" GEORGII IV. Cap. xix.

shall come or be set to Work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to Work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and discharge the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that case every such Person or Persons shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to Work on any Part of the said Roads, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and if any Surveyor of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Hamlets, or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to |collect or pay over such Composition, or any Part thereof, in Manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may, if they Roads may think fit, cause the said Roads to be measured, and Stones or Posts to be placed in or near the Sides of the said Roads, and also to cause to be stones erect-erected Direction Posts upon such Parts of the said Roads where the same ed, &c. are crossed or joined by other Roads, as they shall think proper; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully pull up or damage any Bridge or Bridges, Culvert or Culverts, Direction or Mile Post or Stone erected or fixed in, across, or near the Side or Sides of the said Roads, or shall obliterate or deface any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks inscribed thereon, and if any Person shall ride upon any Footpath or Causeway formed upon or on the Side of or adjoining the said Roads, or shall drive or- lead any Horse, Beast, or Swine, or wheel any Hand Cart, Barrow, or other Carriage, upon or cause any Damage to be done to any Footpath or Causeway, or if any Person shall cause to be hauled or drawn upon any Part of the said Roads, any Timber, Stone, or other Thing, (except upon wheeled Carriages), or shall suffer any Timber, Stone, or other Thing which shall be carried upon wheeled Carriages, to drag upon the said Roads to the Prejudice thereof, or if any Person driving any Pigs or Swine upon the said Roads, shall suffer the same to root up and damage the same, or the Fences on either Side thereof, or if any Person shall turn or suffer any Horse, Cow, Mule, Ass, Beast, Sheep, or Swine to be turned on, or to be or remain upon the said Roads, to graze or depasture on the Sides thereof, or if any Higler, Cricker, Hawker, Pedlar, or other Person travelling with any Machine, Vehicle, Cart or other Carriage, or with or without any Horse, Mule, or Ass, shall pitch any Tent or encamp upon or by the Side of any Part of the said Roads, or if any Person driving any Carriage upon the said Roads shall ride on the Shafts or other Part of the said Carriage without holding the Reins of the Horse or Horses, or meeting another Carriage shall not keep his or her Carriage on his or her Left or NearSide of the said Roads, and also keep on the same Side himself, or if any Person shall in any other Manner wilfully prevent any other Person or Persons from passing him or her, or any Carriage under his or her Care, upon the said Roads, or if any Person shall make or assist in making any Fire or Fires commonly called Bonfires, or shall set fire to or let off or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent, or Fireworks whatsoever, within Forty Yards from the Centre of any Part of the said Roads, or play

408

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xix.

at Football or any other Game or Games to the Annoyance of any Passenger or Passengers on any Part of the said Roads, or if any Blacksmith or other Person occupying a Blacksmith’s shop, having Windows to the Front of the said Roads, shall not, by good and close Shutters, every Evening after it becomes Twilight, bar and prevent the Light from such Shop shining into the said Roads, or if any Person shall after having blocked or stopped any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage in going up any Hill or rising Ground, shall not immediately afterwards take away or remove from the said Roads, the Stone or other Thing made use of in so blocking or stopping such Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, or if any Person shall leave any Carriage (except in Cases of Accident), upon or on the Side of the said Roads longer than may be necessary to load or unload the same, either with or without any Horse or Beast of Draught, harnessed or yoked thereto, (and then such Carriage shall be placed as near to the Side of the said Roads as conveniently may be), or shall lay any Timber, Stones, Chalk, Marl, Lime, Hay, Straw, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Thing whatsoever upon the said Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof, between the said Roads and the Fences now standing or hereafter to be erected on the Sides thereof, or shall plough up, dig up, or break up, any of the Soil between any Part of the said Roads and such Fences as aforesaid, for the Purpose of making Compost or Manure, or otherwise shall scrape off any Soil or other Thing from the said Roads or the Sides thereof, or shall take up and carry away any Scrapings thereof, or any Dung, Mould, Soil, Compost, or Manure, from the Sides thereof, or shall carry Rods or Bars of Iron across the Back of any Horse, Mule, or Ass, passing along the said Roads, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds to be recovered and applied in the same Manner as any Penalty is by the said recited Act passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty authorized to be recovered and applied.

Cattle may

XLI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful be impound- for any Trustee, or the Surveyor, Clerk, or Treasurer of the said Roads, ed* or any Person employed to work thereon, to take, lead, and drive away

and impound any Horse, Cow, Beast, Mule, Ass, Sheep, or other Cattle found grazing and depasturing on the Side or Sides of the said Roads, and unless such Penalty shall be paid within Five Days after such impounding, such Horse, Cow, Beast, Mule, Ass, Sheep, or other Cattle may be sold to satisfy such Penalty, and the Overplus of the Money (if any), to arise by such Sale, shall after Payment of all the Costs and Charges of taking and keeping such Horse or other Beast, and making such Sale, be paid on Demand to the Owner or Owners of the Horse or other Beast so impounded and sold as aforesaid.

For paying

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences oOhis^ct068 *ncurred in and about the obtaining and passing of this Act, together with °’lawful Interest for the Money which shall be advanced from Time to Time for that Purpose, shall be paid out of any Money already raised by virtue of the said recited Act, or out of the first Monies which shall be raised or borrowed upon the Credit of the said recited Act and this Act, or out of any Money to be collected by virtue thereof, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

T GEORGII IV. Cap. xix. 409

[Public Act.]

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon Commence-the Twenty-fifth Day of March next after the passing thereof, and the said continuance recited Act, subject to the Alterations, Additions, and Amendments in of this Act* this Act contained, and this Act shall be put in force, and be executed for and during the Residue then to come of the Term granted by the said recited Act; and from the Expiration thereof for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

SL

['Local.]

The

410 T GEORGII IV. Cap. xix.

The SCHEDULE referred to by this Act.

Description of Messuages, Land; Parishes and Townships, where No.

Grounds, Tenements, and He- Owners or reputed Owner*. Plan. Occupiers.

AGarden - - Parish of Leigh Richard Fowler - - 1 Richard Fowler.

Gardens r Withington in the same ") Thos. Sherratt and \ Richard Hyde - J 2 George Smith.

Gardens and Rickyard - Ditto - Mrs. Arkald. 3 William Turner.

A Garden - - Ditto Thomas Brown Samuel Alcock.

A Close of Land ("Township of Foie, Parish \ 1 of Cheekier - - J Walter Evans, Esq. - 5 Thomas Wilson.

Ditto - f Township of" Hollington, "1 I in the same Parish - J Thomas Kent 6 Thomas Kent.

Ditto Ditto 7 Ditto

Robert Blurton 8 John Lvmer.

Ditto Ditto Ditto - - 9 Edward Mear.

Ditto Ditto - Ditto 10

Hollington - Simon Turner - - 1 1 Simon Turner.

Ditto - Ditto Kvcroft, Esq. 12 William Taylor.

Ditto Ditto - Ditto 13 John Green.

Ditto ... Ditto Joseph Fower 14 Joseph Fower.

Garden and Piece of Lane Parish of Croxden Earl of Macclesfield - 13 William Wheelton.

Gardens - f Township of Combridge f X Parish of Rocester - j Executors of the late~j Thomas Bambrigge, > Esq. - - J 16 Samuel Tomlinson.

Ditto and Piece of Lane Township of Combridge - Ditto 17 William Ball.

A Piece of Land Township of Rocester Muckleston, Esq. 18 Thomas Fox.

Ditto - Ditto Ditto 19 Ditto.

Ditto Ditto - Adam Harvey 20 Joseph Salt.

Ditto - Ditto 21 Ditto.

Ditto - Ditto - Jesse Gerrard 22 William Tomlinson.

Ditto Township of Denston Mrs. Langley 23 Joseph Wright.

Ditto - Ditto - Lord Shrewsbury 24 Thomas Bottom.

Ditto Ditto Ditto - Ditto.

Ditto - Ditto - Janies Beech, Esq. 26 Elizabeth Wood.

Ditto - - Ditto - Ditto 27 Ditto

Ditto - Ditto - Ld Shrewsbury 28 Thomas Bottom.

Ditto Ditto - - Ditto - 2!) Thomas Lovatt.

Ditto Ditto - John Lowndes 30 John Lowndes.

A Garden Ditto - Ditto - 31 George Holloway.

Gardens and Pieces of> Land - J Ditto Ditto 32 John Lowndes.

Ditto Ditto - Ditto 33 Ditto.

Gardens - Ditto Samuel Smith - - 31 Mathew Burton.

A Piece ot Land Ditto - Thomas Bottom 35

Orchard and Piece ofi Ditto - Wm Tunnicliffe 36 Wni Tunnielifle.

A Close of Land Parish of Cheadle Thomas Itvley 37 Thomas Rylov.

Ditto - Township ot Cheadle Grange Ditto - - 38 Ditto.

Ditto Ditto - Parish Officers of Cheadle 39 (Parish Officers of 1 Cheadle.

Ditto - Ditto Ditto 40 Ditto.

Ditto - Ditto Ditto ... 41 Ditto.

Ditto Ditto - Ditto 42

Cow-house, Rope-shed, A

Rope-walk, and Gar- J- Township of Cheadle - - Thomas Moreton 43 Phonias Moreton.

Garden - 1 Ditto William Salt - - 44 William Salt.

Ditto Ditto - Ditto - - 1.

Ditto - 1 Ditto Philip Keates 46 Philip Keates.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyhe and Andrew Stbahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1820.

ANNO PRIMO

GEORGII IY. REGIS.

Cap. xx.

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act of His late Majesty, for making and maintaining the Road from near Lightpill Gate, in the Parish of Rodborough, to near Birdlip, in the Parishes of Brimpsfield and Cowley, or one of them, all in the County of Gloucester.

[22d June 1820.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for making 40G.3. c. 43. and maintaining a Road from or from near Lightpill Gate, on the Road leading from Batli to Dudbridge, in the Parish of Kodborough, to join the Turnpike Road from Painswick to Cheltenham, at or near to Birdlip, in the Parishes o/’Brimpsfield and Cowley, or one of them, all in the County of Gloucester:And whereas a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed on the Credit of the said recited Act, and charged on the Tolls arising upon the said Road, which still remains due and owing, and cannot be repaid, nor can the said Road be properly amended and kept in repair, unless the Term of the said Act be extended, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof be altered, amended, and enlarged: May it there-[Local.] 5 M fore

414

Recited Act continued.

Appointment of new Trustees.

Power to appoint

additional

Trustees.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xx.

fore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, and the Tolls thereby granted, and all and every the Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Trusts, Provisions, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments, Remedies, Articles, Matters, and Tilings whatsoever therein contained (except such Parts thereof as are repealed, varied, or altered), shall be, continue, and remain in full Force and Effect, and the same are hereby further continued, and, together with the present Act, shall be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; but subject nevertheless to the Provisions, Alterations, and Amendments in this Act contained; and that this Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be and is hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing upon the Credit or on account of the said recited Act, or hereafter to be borrowed on the Credit of the said recited Act and this Act, and of all Interest due or to grow due for the same respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That the surviving Trustees nominated in and appointed by virtue of the said recited Act, together with all His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting for the County of Gloucester, together also with Benjamin Hayward Browne M. D. Henry Croft Burgh, William Baylis, Edward Archer Norris Burgh, Edward Bailing Carruthers, Thomas Croome, Charles Glover, Robert HugheS, John Holbrow, Robert Helme, William Helme, John Humpage, Edward Humpage the younger, Edward Jemingham, Edwin Kendrick, George Macintosh the elder, George Macintosh the younger, Nathaniel Miles, John Mills of Miser dim, John Mills the younger, Thomas Mills, Mercer, Edward Mansfield Clerk, Charles Henry Morganderk, Daniel Mills, Charles Newman, Hemy Newman, Thomas Preston, Richard Sandys, Roger Smith, Peter Smith, John Williams D. D. Robert Wight, Henry Wyatt, George Wathen, Samuel Weddell, Thomas Wall, Robert Lawrence Townsend the younger, and Theyer Lawrence Townsend, shall be and are hereby appointed Trustees for carrying this Act and the said recited Act into Execution; and the said Trustees herein named, being respectively duly qualified, and their Successors respectively, to be elected in Manner directed by the said recited Act for the Election of new Trustees, and being respectively duly qualified, shall in all respects whatsoever have the like Powers and Authorities to act in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, as if they had been appointed Trustees in or by virtue of the said recited Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees for carrying this Act and the said recited Act into Execution, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at any of their Meetings to be holden in pursuance of the

415

l° GEORGII IV. Gp.«.

the Said recited Act or this Act, to elect any Number of Persons, not exceeding Ten in the Whole, to be Trustees for carrying this Act and die said recited Act into Execution, in addition to the Trustees

IV. Provided always, and l»e it further enacted, That no. Person Qualification shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution «f this Act, of Trustee>-or the said recited Act, unless be shall at the Time of his acting be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment of| or in the Receipt of Rents and Profits issuing out of Freehold or Copyhold Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be Heir Apparent of a Person seised of an Estate in Ereehold or Copyhold Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds, or be possessed of Personal Estate alone, or Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of Four thousand Pounds, nor (except in administering the Oath or Affirmation herein-after mentioned) until he shall have taken and subscribed, before any Five or more of the said Trustees, an Oath or Affirmation in the following Form of Words, and which Oath or Affirmation the said Trustees, or any or either of them, at any of their Meetings to be holden in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, are or is hereby authorized to administer;

‘ T do swear, [or, being One of the People cabled

‘ Quakers, do solemnly affirm,] That I truly and bona Jide affi, in ‘ my own Right [or, in the Right of my Wife], in the actual Possession or Enjoyment of [or, in the Receipt of Rents and Profits

* issuing out of] Freehold or Copyhold Lands, Tenements, or H'erse-‘ ditaments of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above ‘ Reprizes j «r, am Hen Apparent of

‘ who, to the best of my Knowledge, is seised of a Real Estate of ‘ Freehold or Copyhold Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the ‘ clear yearly Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds], [or, am ' possessed of Personal Estate alone,] [or, or Real and Personal Estate ‘ together to the Amount or Value of Four thousand Pounds,] [as the - Case may be.'] So help me GOD.‘

[or, being a Quaker, omit the Words, " So help me GOD."]

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person Trustee. , in-(appointed or to be appointed a Trustee by virtue of this Act or the terested, r said recited Act), shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Exe- j"ldinS eution of this Act or the said recited Act, in any Case where he shall iSu, be personally interested, nor whilst he holds any Place or Employ- keeping ment ol Profit under the said Trustees, or this Act; and that no Victualling Person shall be capable of being appointed a Trustee, or of acting as Ho"ses’ such during the Time he shall keep a Victualling House or other "° °acu House of public Entertainment, or who shall sell Wine, Cider, Beer,

Ale

416

Offices of Clerk and Treasurer not to be held by one Person.

Repealing 10 much of former Act as requires Officers to verify their Accounts on Oath.

Books to be kept of Accounts of Receipts and Disbursements, which shall be open to the In-

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xx.

Ale, or Spirituous or other strong Liquors by Retail, or who shall be interested or concerned in any Contract or Contracts under the said recited Act or this Act, or who shall be Lessee or Farmer of the Tolls, or of any Part or Parts thereof; and if any Person not being qualified as aforesaid, or being disqualified by any of the Causes aforesaid, shall nevertheless act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act or the said recited Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and the Person so sued or prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act or the said recited Act.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person who hath been, or who by virtue of the said recited Act or of this Act has been or may be appointed to act as their Clerk, or the Partner of any such Clerk, the Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act or the said recited Act, or to continue or appoint the Person who has been or may be appointed their Treasurer, by virtue of the said recited Act or of this Act, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, the Clerk to the said Trustees j and if any Person shall act in both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of the said recited Act or this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer shall act as Clerk in the Execution of the said recited Act or this Act, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as enacts that all Officers and Persons accounting as therein mentioned shall verify the Accounts upon Oath, and also so much thereof as enacts, that if any such Officer or Person shall refuse to verify the Articles of any such Account upon Oath, he shall be subject to the Punishment therein mentioned, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required from Time to Time, and at all Times during the Continuance of this Act, to order and direct a Book or Books to be provided and kept by their Clerk for the Time being, in which Book or Books such Clerk shall enter, or cause to be entered, true and regular Accounts of all Sums of Money

received,

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. 417

received, paid, laid out and expended, for or on account of the spection of said Road, and of the several Articles, Matters, and Things for ^nd Credi- which such Sums of Money shall have been disbursed, laid out tors> and paid, which Books shall at all seasonable Times be open to the Inspection of the said Trustees, and any Creditor or Creditors of the Tolls, without Fee or Reward; and the said Trustees and Creditors, and any of them, shall and may take Copies of or Extracts from the said Book or Books, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, without paying any thing for the same; and in Penalty for case the said Clerk shall refuse to permit the said Trustees or Refusal of such Creditors, or any or either of them, to inspect the same, or nspec , uo' to take such Copies or Extracts as aforesaid, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied, recovered, and applied in Manner provided by the said recited Act for the levying, recovering, and Application of Penalties.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Waggons, Waggons, Wains, Carts, or other such Carriages (in respect whereof, or of &c: allowed the Horses drawing the same, the Tolls granted by the said recited e* Act are made payable), having the Wheels of the Width and De- tions granted scription, and the Axletrees fixed as mentioned and set forth in or by Act

by an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late MG-S. c.iMfc Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the Trustees of Turnpike Roads to abate the Tolls on Carriages, and to ana'll} of their carrying extra Weight in certain Cases, shall be entitled to the Privileges and Exemptions granted by the said Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of any of the Tickets to be Tolls by the said recited Act of the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His Printe<1-late Majesty, or this Act, authorized to be taken on the said Road,

the Collector or Receiver shall and he is hereby required to deliver gratis to the Person paying such Toll, a Note or Ticket denoting such Payment, which Notes or Tickets shall be provided by the said Trustees or their Lessees, and there shall be printed and specified thereon the Name of the Gate at which the Toll is received, and of the Gate or Gates which such Ticket shall free.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the Exemptions from Toll General

f ranted by the said recited Act of the Fortieth Year of the Reign of Exemptions [is late Majesty shall be, remain, and continue in Force or Effect; from To11, and also that no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horses or Carriages attending His Majesty or any of the Royal Family; nor for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any Officers or Soldiers, or any sick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers; nor for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, or the Horse or Horses or other Cattle drawing the same, employed in conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat, or other public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, or returning, empty from having been so employed; nor son ILocaJ.-] SN y the.

418

1° GEORGII IV; Cap. xx.

the Horses belonging to or used by any Officers or Soldiers, Or Militia or Local Militia, on their March or on Duty, or belonging to or furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry or Infantry respectively, and rode by them, or drawing any Carriage conveying Volunteer Infantry in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, Inspection, or Review (provided that such Persons be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided- for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption); nor from any Person or Persons going to or returning from his, her *, or their proper Parochial Church or Chapel, or from any Person or Persons going to or returning from his, her, or their usual Place of Religious Worship tolerated by-Law, on Sundays, or on any other Day on which Divine Worship is or shall be ordered by Authority to be celebrated, in the same Parish, Township, or Place, or going to or returning from the Funeral of any Person who shall die and be buried in any such same Parish, Township, or Place; nor for any Horse, Beast, or Cattle going to or returning from ploughing or harrowing; Penalty on and if any Person shall, by any fraudulent or collusive Means what-taking Bene- soevei'» claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, fit of Exemp- not being entitled to the same, every such Person shall for every such tions. Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered, levied, and applied in Manner by the said recited Act provided for the Recovery and Application of Penalties and Forfeitures; and in all Cases the Proof of Exemption shall be upon the Person, claiming the same.

so’rHifS

Majesty's Service not to be weighed.

Allowing Exemptions from a Second Toll in certain Cases.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person owning or driving, or causing to be driven, any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage provided lor the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, Commissariat, or other public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, shall be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture for Overweight; nor shall any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or the Horse or Horses or other Cattle drawing the same, while so employed, be stopped or detained by reason of any Weight in or upon any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or of its being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen; but it shall be lawful for any Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, to put any Number of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, for drawing the same; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in this Act contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful, to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at any, Meeting to be held under and by virtue of this Act, to order and direct, that any Person or Persons who shall have paid Toll at any Gate upon the said Road for any Horse or Horses drawing any Carriage or Carriages, may be exempted from paying Toll at any other Gate upon, such Road for and in respect of any fresh or other Horse or Horses,;

4 Carriage

419

T GEORGH IV Cap. xx.

C^riage er Carriages, which such Person or Persons may change or take from any Inn or Inns at Stroud, in the said County of Gloucester, for his, her, or their Conveyance upon the said Road.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute or Difference shall happen respecting the demanding or taking, or the Payment of Toll, or about the Amount of Toll due, or the Charges of keeping or selling any Distress, such Dispute or Disputes shall be heard and determined by some Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where the Cause of Dispute shall arise, who, upon Application to him made for that Purpose, shall examine the Matter upon Oath of the Parties, or other Witness or Witnesses (which Oath every such Justice is hereby authorized and empowered to administer), and shall determine the Amount of the Toll due, and other Matters in Dispute between the Parties, and may also award such Costs to be paid by either Party to the other, as to such Justice shall seem just and reasonable all which Costs, in case the same shall not be forthwith paid, shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so awarded or directed to pay the same, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant every such Justice is hereby empowered to issue); and the Overplus (if any) after Payment of such Costs, and the Costs of such' Distress and Sale, shall be returned upon Demand to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Toll Collector or Collectors, being Lessee or Lessees of the Tolls on the said Road, or appointed or to be appointed, either under the said recited Act or this Act, or by the said Trustees, or by any such Lessee or Lessees, to collect the Tolls or Duties payable at any Turnpike or Toll Gate on the said Road, shall and he is hereby required, on each and every Day, previous to his entering on Duty for the Collection of the said Tolls, to place his Christian and Surname, painted on a Board in legible Characters, in the Front or on some other conspicuous Part of the Toll House or Toll Gate, each of the Letters of such Name or Names to be at least Two Inches in Length, and of a Breadth in proportion, and painted either in White Letters on a Black Ground, or Black Letters on a White Ground, and shall continue the same so placed during the whole Time he shall be upon such Duty; and if any Collector of the same Tolls shall not place such Board as aforesaid, and keep the same there during the Time aforesaid, or shall refuse to permit or suffer, or shall in anywise hinder any Person or Persons from reading such Christian or {Surname, or shall refuse to tell his Christian or Surname to any Person or Persons who shall demand the same, on having paid the said Tolls, or any of them, or shall in answer to such Demand give a false Name or Names, or shall refuse or neglect to give a printed Note or Ticket denoting the Payment of such Tolls, and having named and specified thereon the Gate or Gates freed by such Payment, or shall unnecessarily detain, or upon the legal Toll being paid or tendered, shall wilfully obstruct, hinder, or prevent any Passenger, Horse, Beast, Carriage, or Cattle from passing through any iurnpike or Toll Gate, or shall make use of any scurrilous or abusive

Language

Disputes concerning Tolls to be settled by a Justice.

For prerent -ing Toll Collectors from misbehaving, &c.

420 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xx.

Language to any Passenger or Passenger *, then and in every such Case every such Toll Collector shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every suchi Offence, as the Justice ori Justices before whom the Information shall be laid shall adjudge; and such Penalty shall be recovered, levied, and applied in manner by the said recited Act provided for the Recovery and Application of Forfeitures and Penalties j provided also, that if any Person or Persons shall at any Time assault, obstruct, hinder, or molest any Collector who shall or may be employed by virtue of or in the Execution of the said recited Act or this Act, in the Performance of his Duty, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit mid pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered, levied, and applied in the same Manner as such last-mentioned Penalty.

Deviation

XVI. Provided always* and be it further enacted, That the said not to ex- Trustees in diverting, altering, or improving any Part of the said hundred6 Road under the Powers of the said recited Act or this Act, shall not Yardsfrom deviate more than One hundred Yards of Three Feet each from the, the present present Line, without the Consent and Approbation in Writing of Line, with- the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Pontic, Corporate, or Col-out Consent. j^glate9 through whose Lands or Grounds such Deviation shall be made.

In case of not

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Per-

raaking out a sons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for any good Title, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased, taken, or oannot^be8 use^ ^y virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, shall refuse to ac-found, the cept the same, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Pre-Purchase mises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of Money to be them j or in case the Person or Persons to whom such. Sum or Sums Bank^ub-6 Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the ject to the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-Order of ments be not known or discovered, .then and in every such Case it shall Chancery, on be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order Petition. the gum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing them], subject to the Order, Control, and Disposition of the said High Court of Chancery; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim' to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or-Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, and to order; Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and spec!lying

421

T GEORGII IV. Cap. xx.

ing for what and for whose Use the same is or are received to such Person or Persons as shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where In case of any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Mo- disputed ney to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the lites' Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery,

in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right,

Title, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shown to the Satisfaction of the said High Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by Court may reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or order reasoa-Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments ableExpences to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Act or this to b Paid by Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid the rU8tee8, into the said High Court of Chancery, and be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, it shall be lawful for the said High Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, or so much of such Expences as to the said Court shall seem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons For , rclent. shall shoe, larry, or bleed any Horse, Mule, or Ass, except in the Case ing Nui-ol Accidents; or if the Driver of any Waggon, Cart, Dray, Sledge, sances-or other Carriage used for the carrying of Goods and Merchandize! shall ride on the Shafts, or on any other Part of .such Waggon,

Cart, Dray, Sledge or other Carriage, or on any of the Horses drawing [LocaL] s0 the

422

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. x\.

the same, upon any Part of the said Road; or if any Person driving any Pigs or Swine upon the said Road shall suffer the same to root up and damage the same, or any Part thereof, or the Fences, Hedges, Banks or Copse on either Side thereof; or if any Person shall turn any Horse, Ass, Beast, or Swine upon the said Road, or suffer any Horse, Ass, Beast, or Swine to be turned, or to be or remain upon the said Road, to graze or depasture on the Sides thereof; or if any Person shall set fire to, or let off or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent or Firework whatsoever, within Eighty Feet of the Centre of the said Road, or shall play at Football on any Part of the said Road, or any other Game, to the Annoyance of any Passenger or Passengers; or if any Person shall, after having blocked or stopped any Cart or other Carriage in going up a Hill or rising Ground, cause or suffer to be or remain on the said Road, or any Part thereof, the Stone or other Thing with which such Cart or other Carriage shall have been blocked or stopped, on any Part or Parts of the said Road; or if any Person shall leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, in, upon, or on the Side of any Part of the said Road, longer than may be necessary for loading or unloading the same, either with or without any Horse or Beast of Draught harnessed or yoked thereto, or in case the same shall not during such Time be drawn up or placed as near to the Side of the Road as conveniently may be, every Person so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered, levied and applied as other Penalties and Forfeitures are by the said recited Act directed to be recovered, levied, and applied.

Gates toopen

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Gate of any Park, Pad-inward*. dock, Field or Inclosure whatsoever, shall be made to open into or towards any Part of the said Road, or be suffered to continue so to open, except the hanging Post thereof shall be Thirty Feet at least from the Centre of any such Part of the said Road; and the Occupier or Occupiers of every Park, Paddock, Field or Inclosure having any Gate opening outwards contrary to the Meaning of this Act, shall within Ten Days after Notice to him, her or them given, either personally or in Writing, from the Surveyor of the said Road, cause such Gate to be hung so that the same shall not open outward or swing towards the said Road, whenever the same shall be practicable, but in every Case in such a Manner as that no Part of the Gate when open shall project over any Part of the said Road, or any Footpath belonging thereto; and in default thereof, the Surveyor of the said Road is hereby authorized to cause the Gate to be hung according to the Intention of this Act; and the Person or Persons guilty of such Neglect or Default shall, upon Complaint made to any Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County or Place where the Gate shall be situate, and upon Conviction upon the Oath of One credible Witness, pay to such Surveyor such Sum as the said Justice or Justices shall direct, to defray the Expence of making the Alteration and hanging such Gate, and shall also forfeit and pay a further Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for his, her, or their Neglect therein, to be fixed by and at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before 8 whom

r GF.ORGII IV. Cap. xx. 423

whom such Conviction shall be made; and such Penalty shall be recovered, levied, and applied in Manner by the said recited Act provided for the Recovery and Application of Penalties.

XXII. And be1 it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, as authorizes or empowers any Surveyor of the said Road, and Persons employed by him or by the Trustees to dig for and take away Materials for making or amending the said Road, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That i£ shall be Forgetting lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and all such Materials to Persons as he or they shall appoint, to search for, dig, pither^ get, jgJJ* e and take away any Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials, for leaking, amending, altering, improving or repairing the said Road, oiit of

any Waste or Common, or out of any common River or Brook in any Parish, Township or Place in which any Part of the said Road shall lie or be situate, or in any adjoining Parish, Township or Place within the said County, without paying any thing for the same, they the said Surveyor *or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or sloping down the J3anks Where such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing-off such Pits or Quarries, so that the same may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and if a sufficient Quantity of such Materials cannot be had or found in or upon any such Waste or Common, or in any such common Ri ver or Brook, then and in such Case the Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons as aforesaid, may, by Order of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place in which such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments shall lie or be situate, to be made upon the Application of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, search for, dig, gather, get, and take away any such Materials in and out of the Lands, Fields or Grounds of any Person or Persons in any Parish,

Hamlet, Township or Place, in which any Part of the said Road shall lie or be situate, where the same may be had or found, (such Lands Fields, or Grounds not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House, or any Piece of Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees) making or tendering such Satisfaction for the Value of such Materials, and also for the Damage done to the Owners and Occupiers of any such Lands, Fields or Grounds where and from whence the same shall be dug, gathered and carried away, or over which the same or any other Materials for amending, altering, improving, or repairing the said Road shall be carried, as shall be agreed upon between them and such Owner or Occupier; or in case of their not agreeing, then as any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in and for such County or Place as aforesaid shall and may adjudge and determine to be reasonable: Provided also, that no such Stone or other Materials as aforesaid shall be gotten, dug for, or taken away, within the Distance of One hundred Yards of any Bridge, Mill, Mill-Weir or Dam, on any Account or Pretence whatsoever.

Repealing power in Act 40 G. 3. to get Materials.

424

Notice to be given before Materials taken.

Statute

Labour.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xx.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Surveyor, or any Person or Persons acting under the Authority of the said recited Act or this Act, to dig, gather, get, take or carry away any Materials for repairing the said Road, out of or from any inclosed Land or Ground until Notice in Writing, signed by the Surveyor, shall have been given to the Owner or Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left at the House or last or usual Place of Abode of such Owner or Occupier, to appear before any Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County, to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Land or Ground; and in case such Owner or Occupier, or his or her Agent, shall attend pursuant to such Notice, but shall not show sufficient Cause to the contrary, such Justice or Justices shall, if he or they think proper, authorize such Surveyor or other Person or Persons to dig, gather, get, take and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to such Justice or Justices shall seem proper; and if such Owner or Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or herself, or his or her Agent, such Justice or Justices may (upon Proof on Oath of the Service of such Notice, and which Oath he, they or any of them, is and are hereby empowered to administer), make such Order therein as he or they shall think fit, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Owner or Occupier, or his or her Agent, had attended.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Road, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereto in like manner as heretofore j and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County or Place in which the said Road or any Part thereof lies, and they are hereby empowered and required, (upon Aplication made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor by their Order) yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, or Places in which the said Road lies, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer; and in order thereunto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township or Place, to bring in Lists before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons), of the Name* of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township or Place, are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of, or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and

Restrictions,

425

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xx.

Restrictions, as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and out of such Lists such Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subj ect or liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Hays Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest) and on such Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors by their Order, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lists shall appear to be subject and liable to, the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said . Justices shall think proper, to the Surveyor or Surveyors of such Parish, Township, or Place for the Time being, to be by him or them paid over to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and in default of Payment thereof by any such Surveyor or Surveyors, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said, recited Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid (after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, Her, or them at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees) shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force or Effect for, the .Repair of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall coipe to work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught, to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and discharge the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that case every such Person shall be Subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if lie had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in any such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse and neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof, in Manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor* so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be paid by the Trustees or their Treasurer out of any [Eoca/.] [5 P] Money

Expences of Act how to be paid.

426

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xx.

Money now in the Hands of the Treasurer, or out of the first Money that shall be collected, raised, or received by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act.

[Public Act.]

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed

and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

Commence-

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall com-Continuance mence an^ ta^e effect upon the passing thereof j and that the said of the Act. recited Act (except such Parts thereof as are repealed, and subject to the Alterations and Amendments herein contained), shall continue and be in force, and together with this Act, shall be executed for and during the Residue of the Term granted by the said recited Act, and from the Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty. 1820. ii

ANNO PRIMO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

IN,

Cap. xxi.

An Act to improve certain Parts of the Line of Road between the Borough of Plymouth and the City of Exeter, through Ashburton and Chudleigh, in the County of Devon.

[22d June 1820.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for consolidating and uniting the Powers of several Acts passedfor amending several Roads near the Borough of Ashburton, and the Town of Newton Bushel, and from or near the N.r/h Side of the Town of Totness towards Ashburton aforesaid; for building a Bridge across the River Dart, at or near a Place called Emmett, in the County of Devon; and for amending and improving the said several Roads:And whereas an Act was passed in the Fifty-fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for altering and enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts, made for repairing the High Road leading from Brent Bridge in the County of Devon to Gasking Gate in or near the Borough of Plymouth, in the said County of Devon:And whereas another Act was passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for repairing and improving the Roads leading to and from the City of Exeter, and for keeping in repair Exe Bridge and Countess Wear Bridge:And whereas the Line of the present Road from the Borough of Plymouth towards the City of Exeter, through Ashburton and Chudleigh, in the County of Devon, is in many Parts steep and mountainous, and in other Parts narrow and inconvenient, and it [Lota/.] 5 P would

49G3.C.I27.

54G. 3. C. 52.

55 G.3. c.xii.

426

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxi.

would be a great Accommodation to the Public if new Lines of Road were made on the several Parts of the Road included in the Three following Districts; (that is to say), District Number One, being that Part of the Road situated between a certain Place called Smithaleigh, in the Parish of Plympton Saint Mary and Brent Bridge aforesaid, the present Road within that District being under the Jurisdiction of the Trustees appointed by the said recited Act of the Fifty-fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty; District Number Two, being that Part of the Road situated between Brent Bridge and Chudleigh Bridge, the present Road in that District being under the Jurisdiction of the Trustees appointed by the said recited Act of the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty; District Number Three, being that Part of the Road situated between Chudleigh Bridge and the Five Mile Stone on the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Exeter to Newton Busbell aforesaid, the present Road in that District being under the Jurisdiction of the Trustees appointed by the said recited Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty:But as the same cannot be effected under the Provisions of the said recited Acts, nor can the Sums necessary to defray the Expence of the same be raised, unless Powers are given, and new Tolls are authorized to be collected; and as the several Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia-Trustees ap- ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the Magis-pointed. trates acting in and for the County of Devon, together with the Honourable Hugh Fortescue commonly called Lord Viscount Ebrington, the Right Honourable Thomas North Graves commonly called Lord Graves, the Right Honourable Reginald Pole Carew, the Honourable Pownall Bastard Pellew, the Honourable Hugh Clifford, Sir Thomas Dyke Acland ', Sir Henry Carew, Sir Lawrence Vaughan Palh, Sir William Congreve, Sir William Elford, Sir Masseh Manasseb Lopez, Sir John Per ring. Sir John Leman Rogers, and Sir Bouchier Wrey, Baronets; Sir Thomas Byam Martin K. C. B., Sir Herbert Sawyer K. C. B., John Arthur, Robert Abraham, Edmurid Pollexfen Bastard, John Bastard, John Crocker BulteelJohn Yard Butler, Gilbert Burrington Clerk, William Bowden, John Bovey, Richard Bayly, George Baker Clerk, William Frederick Bay lay Clerk, William Courtenay, John Carpenter, John Collier, William Coppard Clerk, William Cuming, John Counter, Jonathan Elford junior, William East lake, Robert Fuge, Henry Gervis, Henry Gervis junior, Robert Hurrell Froude Clerk, Joseph Gribble, Treby Hole Hayes, Arthur Howe Holds worth, John Harris, John Nicholls Hawker, Thomas Harris, Christopher Hellier, John Higgins, Richard Holds ditch, Samuel Kekewich, John Lane Kitson Clerk, William Kitson Clerk, Thomas Kitson, William Kitson the younger, Edmund Pusey Lyon, Henry Ley, John Henry Ley, Richard Lane Clerk, William Langmead, Edmund Lockyer, William l.ongmore Clerk, Thomas Michaelmore, Thomas May, James Moggridge, Joseph Moore, Robert William Newman, Montague Edmund Parker, John Spurred Pode, Robert John Palk, Wilrnot Henry Palk Clerk, Robert Palk, Samuel Pym, John Pridham, James Pitman, William Hales Symons, George Strode, George Templer, John Lyne Templer, Pierce Joseph Taylor, Thomas William Taylor, Paul Treby Treby, John Templer Clerk, Henry Taylor Clerk, John Tingcombe, Andrew Griffin Coard Tucker, George Woolcombe, Robert Palk Welland Clerk, 10 Joseph

427

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxi.

Joseph Whiteford, and Thomas JVhiteway, and their Successors, to be elected in manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and are hereby appointed Trustees for making, amending, diverting, altering, straightening and improving the said Turnpike Road, by this Act intended to be made, amended, diverted, altered, straightened, and improved, and for otherwise carrying this Act into Execution.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Pow*rto*p-said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at their first Meeting here-

inafter directed, or ar any subsequent Meeting to be held for that Purpose teea>

(of which subsequent Meeting, and of the Purpose thereof, Twenty Days Notice shall be given as herein-after is directed), to elect and appoint any Number of Persons, not exceeding Ten in the whole, to be Trustees for executing this Act, in addition to the Trustees hereby appointed; and such Trustees bo to be elected and appointed, shall be and are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing this Act as if they had been named and appointed by this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any of the For electing Trustees hereby appointed or to be appointed by virtue hereof shall die, new rustee8* or by Bankruptcy, Insolvency, or otherwise become disqualified to act,

or refuse to act, it shall be lawful for the surviving or continuing Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at any Meeting (of which and of the Purpose whereof Twenty Days Notice shall be given as herein-after is directed), to elect and appoint one or more Person or Persons to be a Trustee or Trustees in the Room of the Trustee or Trustees so dying, becoming disqualified, or refusing to act as aforesaid j and every Person so elected and appointed shall be invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing this Act, as if he had been hereby named and appointed a Trustee.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall Qualifica-be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act (except in tions of administering the Oath or Affirmation following) unless he shall at the Trustee8, Time of his acting be, in his own Right or in the Right of his Wife, in

the actual Possession or Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Freehold or Copyhold Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be Heir Apparent of a Person so possessed or receiving the Rents and Profits of a like Real Estate of the clear yearly Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds above Reprizes, or be possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or Real and Personal Estate together, of the Value of Four thousand Pounds, nor before he shall have taken and also subscribed, in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, the Oath or Affirmation herein-after mentioned, before any Three or more of the said Trustees, who are hereby authorized and empowered to administer the same; (that is to say),

4 i A.B. do swear [or, being one of the People called Quakers, do so-

* 1 lemnly affirm], That I am truly and bona fide in my own Right [or, in

* the Right of my Wife] in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents ‘ and Profits of Freehold or Copyhold Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in the County of Devon, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprizes, or of a Personal Estate alone, or Real and

‘ Personal

428

Trustee# in* terested or holding Places of Profit, or Veeping Victualling Houses, &c.

Trustees may act as Justices.

General

Meeting

1* GEORGII IV. Cap. xxi.

4 Personal Estate together, of the Amount or Value of Four thousand

* Pounds; [and in the Case of an Heir Apparent] I A.B. do swear, [or, 4 being one of the People called Quakers, do solemnly affirm], That I am

* Heir Apparent of C.D. who to the best of my Knowledge and Belief is

* truly and bona fide in the actual Possession or Receipt of Freehold or

* Copyhold Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the County of Devon,

* of the clear yearly Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds above

* Reprizes. So help me GOD. '

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person appointed or to be appointed a Trustee for putting this Act into Execution, shall be capable of acting as such during the Time he shall hold any Place or Employment of Profit, or be concerned or interested in any Contract or Contracts under this Act, or under the Trustees acting in Execution thereof; and that no Person shall be capable of being appointed a Trustee, or of acting as such, during the Time he shall keep a Victualling House or other House of public Entertainment, or who shall sell Wine, Cider, Beer, Ale, Spirituous or other Strong Liquors by Retail, or who shall be interested or concerned in any Contract under this Act, or who shall be a Lessee or Farmer of the Tolls, or of any Part or Parts thereof, under this Act; and if any Person or Persons, not being qualified as aforesaid, or being disqualified by any of the Causes aforesaid, shall nevertheless act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and it shall be incumbent on the Person so sued or prosecuted to prove that he is qualified and not disqualified by any of the Causes aforesaid, or otherwise to pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Ac!: Provided nevertheless, that all Acts and Proceedings touching the Execution of this Act, which shall be done or performed by any such Person, previous to his being convicted of the Offence before mentioned, shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act: Provided always, that no Mortgagee or Assignee of any Mortgage or other Security, or any Lender of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls hereby granted, or receiving Interest thereout for the same, shall on that Account be deemed disqualified to act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act: Provided also, that any Trustee appointed or to be appointed by or under this Act, who is or shall be a Justice of the Peace, may act as suck, in the Execution of this Act, except only in Cases in which he shall be personally interested otherwise than as a Mortgagee of the Tolls granted by this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at the Royal Hotel at Plymouth, on Monday the Twenty-sixth Day of June next after the passing of this Act, between the Hours of Ten and Two of the Clock, or as soon after as conveniently maybe, and shall then proceed to carry this Act into Execution; and the said Trustees shall then and from Time to Time afterwards adjourn themselves, and meet at the same

Place,

429

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxi.

Place, or at such other Place either in the City of Exeter or in the Boroughs of Plymouth or Ashburton, or in some one of the Parishes in which the said Roads or any Part thereof lies, and at such Times, as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time order and direct; provided that no Adjournment shall be made for a longer Time than Three Calendar Months; and a General Meeting of the said Trustees shall yearly and every Year during the Continuance of this Act be held at the Castle of Exeter, or within the County of the City of Exeter, on some Day in the Lammas Week, which Meetings are hereby declared to be General Meetings of the said Trustees for the Purposes directed to be carried into Execution at General Meetings; and the said Trustees, or the major Part of them then present, shall and may adjourn such General Meeting from Time to Time as they shall think proper, for the Purposes aforesaid; and if at any Meeting appointed to be held by virtue of this Act, there shall not appear a sufficient Number of Trustees to act, or in case the Trustees at any Meeting assembled shall not adjourn themselves, the Clerk to the said Trustees shall from Time to Time, as often as such Case shall happen, by Notice in Writing to be affixed on all the Toll Gates (if any) then standing in, upon, or across the said new Lines of Road, and to be inserted in One or more of the Newspapers published within the said County of Devon, appoint the said Trustees to meet at some one of the Places aforesaid on some convenient Day, at least Seven Days after the Publication of such Notice in Manner aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of the said Trustees it shall at any Time be thought necessary that an earlier Day of Meeting should be appointed than the Day appointed by such Adjournment, in that Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any 1’wo or more of the said Trustees, or to and for the Clerk to the said Trustees, upon an Order in Writing signed by any Three or more of the said Trustees, to appoint the Time and Place, and to state the Purpose of such Meeting, to give Notice thereof in the Manner before directed, (such Meeting not being less than Seven Days after such Notice), and such earlier Meeting shall and may be held accordingly; and all the Orders and Determinations of the said Trustees at all such Meetings shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in case such Meetings had been held in pursuance of Adjournments; and the said Trustees, or the Majority of them, at all Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, are hereby empowered to make all necessary Orders, Agreements, and Determinations in the Execution of this Act, and no such Order, Agreement, or Determination shall be made, unless the Majority of the Trustees present at such Meeting shall concur therein, such Majority not being less than the Number of Trustees by this Act authorized to make any such Order, Agreement, or Determination; and no such Order, Agreement, or Determination shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meetings, unless special Notice shall be given at least Seven Days before, in the Manner herein-before directed, nor unless a greater Number of the Trustees shall concur in the Revocation or Alteration thereof than concurred in the making of any such Order, Agreement, or Determination; and at every Meeting of the said Trustees a Chairman shall and may be appointed; and when and as often as it shall happen that there shall be an Equality of Votes at any such Meeting upon any Question, including the Vote of the Chairman, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be [LocaC] 5 Q lawful

General

Annual

Meeting.

General

Meetings on Emergencies.

Chairman to ing Vote.

430

Orders and Proceedings may be made by Five Trustees.

For appointing Clerk, Treasurers, and other Officers, &c.

Proceedings against Officers neglecting to account.

l° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxi.

lawful to and for the Chairman to give the decisive or casting Vote; and at all their Meetings the said Trustees shall and do pay their own Expences.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Acts, Proceedings, Matters, and Things, in or relative to the Execution of this Act, may be done and executed by any Five or more of the Trustees appointed or to be appointed by or under this Act, except only in Cases herein particularly directed to be done and executed by any greater or less Number of them.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and are hereby empowered from Time to Time, by Writing under their respective Hands, to appoint one or more Collector or Collectors of the said Tolls, and Clerk, Treasurer or Treasurers, Surveyor or Surveyors of the said new Lines of Road, and such other Officers as they the said Trustees shall think necessary; and from Time to Time to remove such Collectors, Clerk, Treasurers, Surveyors and other Officers, or any of them; and on the Removal, Death, or Resignation of any such Collectors, Clerk, Treasurers, Surveyors or other Officers, to appoint others in their Stead; and may and are hereby authorized and empowered, out of any of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, to allow and pay to the several Collectors, Clerk, Treasurers, Surveyors and other Officers, and to such other Person or Persons as shall be assisting them or any of them in or about the Execution of this Act, such Salaries, Rewards, and Allowances for their Attendance, Care, Labour, and Services, as the said Trustees shall deem reasonable; and all such Officers and Persons shall from Time to Time, when thereunto required by the said Trustees, deliver to such Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose appoint, true, exact, and perfect Accounts in Writing under their respective Hands, of all Monies which they and every of them respectively shall have received to that Time by virtue of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their or any of their Hands to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, and not otherwise; and if any. such Officer or Person shall refuse or neglect to produce or deliver up such Vouchers relating to the same, or shall refuse or neglect to pay the Money due on such Account in the Manner aforesaid; or if any such Officer or Person shall refuse or neglect to deliver up to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Three Days after being thereunto required by the said Trustees, all the Books, Papers, and Writings in his Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, then and in every or any of the said Cases, it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place wherein such Officer or Person so refusing or neglecting shall be or reside, upon Complaint made to them by Two or more of the said Trustees, and such Justices are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons to be brought before them, and upon his, her, or their appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way, and to settle the said Account or Accounts, if produced;

431

1‘ GEORGII IV. Cap. xxi.

and if upon the Confession of the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, against whom any such Complaint shall be made, or by the Oath^ or Oaths of any Witness or Witnesses (which Oath or Oaths such Justices are hereby empowered and required to administer) or upon Inspection of the said Accounts, if produced, it shall appear to such Justices that any of the Monies which shall have been collected or received shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justices may (and they are hereby authorized and required) upon Non-payment thereof by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining and selling the same, or if such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons shall not appear before the same Justices, unless for some sufficient Excuse alleged at the Time and Place by them appointed for that Purpose, or if appearing shall refuse and neglect to give and deliver to such. Justices an Account or Accounts of all Receipts and Payments as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up to the said Justices the several Vouchers and Receipts relating to such Accounts respectively, or the Books, Accounts, Papers and Writings in his, her, or their Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, or to the said new Lines of Road, then and in either of the Cases aforesaid, such Justices may and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant and Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to commit such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Town, or Place where such Offender shall be or reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall have given and made a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded and agreed with the said Trustees, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as the said Trustees shall appoint, (which Composition the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make), or until he shall have delivered up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or made Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees:Provided always, that no Person who shall be so committed for want of sufficient Distress, shall be detained in Prison by virtue of this Act, for a longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be clerk not to lawful for the said Trustees to appoint the Person who may be appointed beTreasurer, to act as their Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any and such Clerk, the Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or to appoint the vere* Person who may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, the Clerk to the said Trustees for executing this Act; and in case any Person shall act in both Capacities as Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes aforesaid, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer shall act as Clerk, in the Execution of this Act, every Person so offending shall for every Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the' Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign,

Protection, or Wager at Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

432 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxi.

Treasurers,

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they gC* to give are hereby required to take sufficient Security from the Treasurer or n y' Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, or other Officers to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act, for the faithful Execution of their respective Offices; and no such Treasurer, Receiver, Collector, or other Officer, shall be permitted to enter upon his Office until he shall have given such Security.

Trustees may

XII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death. Incapacity, appoint tem- absconding, misbehaving, or Absence of any Collector or Receiver of fTo7.°°l‘ T°^s> lt Shalt an£* niay be lawful for any Two or more of the Trustees,

w 01 *’ though not assembled at any Meeting of the said Trustees to be held in pursuance of this Act, by Writing under their Hands, to discharge such Collector or Receiver who shall abscond, misbehave, or become incapable, or absent himself as aforesaid, and to nominate and appoint a proper Person to be a Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls, to continue in the Stead of such Collector or Receiver so dying or being discharged; and the Person so appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the like Manner in all Respects, as the Person who shall so die or be discharged would have had, or been subject to, until the said Trustees or any Three or more of them shall, at a Meeting to be holden by virtue of this Act, appoint a Collector of the said Tolls; and if any Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls, who shall be discharged from his said Office by the said Trustees, or the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or Representatives of any Collector or Receiver who shall die, abscond, absent himself, or be discharged, or any other Person or Persons having the Possession of any Toll House or Building to be erected or continued by virtue of this Act, shall neglect or refuse to deliver up such Possession for the Space of Three Days after Demand thereof made, and a Notice in Writing given for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Treasurer; then and in any of the said Cases it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Devon, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer for the same County, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter into such House or Building in the Daydme, and to remove the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods, out of the same, and to put the said Trustees, or any Person appointed by any Two or more of them, in Possession thereof.

Orders and

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of Proceedings the said Trustees shall be entered in a Book or Books, to be kept to be entered t^e clerk to the said Trustees for that Purpose, and be signed by in a oo . yrustees pCesent at the Meeting or Meetings at which such Orders

and Proceedings shall be from Time to Time made or had, or the major Part of such Trustees, or by their Chairman, and that such Book or Books shall be open at all seasonable Times to the Inspection of any of the Trustees appointed or to be appointed by or under this Act, without Fee or Reward; and such Orders and Proceedings so entered and signed by such Number of the said Trustees as are empowered by this Act to make such Orders or carry on such Proceedings, or by the Chairman at any Meeting at which a sufficient Number of the said Trustees attended

m

1° GEORGII IV. Cap

T to make such Orders or carry on such Proceedings, shall be deemed and

t taken to be original Orders and Proceedings; which said Book or Books,

J as well as the Book or Books in which the Oath or Affirmation herein-

before directed to be taken by the said Trustees shall be entered, and also the Book ot Books directed to be kept for registering the Mortgages and Assignments herein-after mentioned, and all Entries in such Books respectively, shall and may be read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever, in all Cases of Appeal, and in all Prosecutions, Suits, and 'i Actions touching any thing done or to be done by virtue or in pur-

suance of this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required from Time to Time, and at all Times during the Continuance of this Act, to order and direct such separate and distinct Books as herein-after are mentioned, to be provided and kept by their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, in which Book or Books such Treasurer or Treasurers shall enter or cause to be entered true and regular Accounts of all Sums of Money received, paid, laid out, and expended, for or on account of the said new Lines of Road, and of the several Articles, Matters, and Things for which such Sums of Money shall have been disbursed, laid out, and paid; which Book or Books shall at all seasonable Times be open to the Inspection of the said Trustees or any of them, or any Creditor or Creditors on the Tolls hereby granted, without Fee or Reward, and shall be copied from thence into one general Book, which shall be produced at all General Meetings, with the Accounts duly made up, having been previously audited and inspected with Vouchers, by any Three of the said Trustees nominated and appointed for the Purpose; and the said Trustees and Creditors shall and may take Copies of or Extracts from the said Book or Books, or any Part or Parts thereof* without paying any thing for the same.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees appointed or to be appointed by or under this Act, may sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk lor the Time being; and that no Action which shall be brought or commenced by the Direction of or against the said Trustees or any of them, by virtue or on account of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death, Incapacity, or Removal of any such Clerk, or by the Act of such Clerk, without the Consent of the said Trustees or any Five of them at the least, at a public Meeting to he. held for that Purpose* but the Clerk to the said Trustees for the Time being shall be deemed to be Plaintiff or Defendant (a&, *he Case may be) in every such Action:Provided also, that in case there shall be any Action or Suit between the Clerk and Trustees, the Adieu or Suit may be brought in the Name of One of the said Trustees:Provided always, that eveTy such Clerk or any such Trustee, iti whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall respectively be reimbursed and paid, out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, all such Costs and Charges as by the Event of any such Proceeding he or they shall be put unto or become chargeable with by reason of his or their being made Plaintiff or Defendant therein as aforesaid.

Accounts to be kept of Receipts and Disbursements, which shall be open to the Inspection of Trustees and Creditors.

Trustees may sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk.

434

Power to enter Lands and make Roads.

Trustees may widen and divert the old Road.

New Road to be made according to Plao.

Trustees not to deviate more than 100 Yards.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxi.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and for their Surveyor or Surveyors and Workmen, with or without Carriages and Cattle, from Time to Time to enter upon the Lands and Grounds through or adjoining to which or whereupon the said new Lines of Road hereby authorized to be made are intended to pass, and to stake out; and after Payment of such Satisfaction as herein-after is mentioned, to make the same of such Width, not exceeding Thirty-five Feet, and in such Manner as the Trustees shall think necessary and proper, without being deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, or without being subject or liable to any Fine, Penalty, or Punishment for entering or continuing upon any Part or Parts of such Lands or Grounds respectively, for any of the Purposes of this Act, making Satisfaction to the Occupiers of such Lands and Grounds for the Damage that shall be done to the Lands or Grounds on the Sides of the said Road, whilst the same shall be making, as herein-after is mentioned; and if any Person shall wilfully pull up, remove, or destroy any of the Stakes or other Marks used in laying out or making any Part of such Road, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to make, widen, divert, shorten, vary and alter the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said present Road, through any Waste Grounds, Common, or uncultivated Lands, without making Satisfaction for the same; and also through any private Grounds or Hereditaments, first making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof and Persons interested therein for the Damages they shall sustain thereby:Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to deviate more than One hundred Yards from the present Road, save and except with regard to the said intended new Lines of Road, without the Consent of the Owner or Owners of such Grounds.

XVIII. And whereas Two Maps or Plans, describing the said intended new Lines of Road, and the Lands through which the same are to be carried, together with Books of Reference containing Lists of the Names of the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, have been deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Devon; be it therefore enacted, That the said Maps or Plans and Books of Reference shall remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, to the end that all Persons may at all seasonable Times have Liberty to peruse and inspect the same, and take Copies or Extracts therefrom at their Will and Pleasure, paying to the Clerk of the Peace the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence for every such Inspection, and at the Rate of Sixpence for every Seventy-two Words of such Copies of or Extracts from the said Maps or Plans, and Books of Reference; and the said Trustees, in making the said new Lines of Road, shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards, of Three Feet each, from either Side of all or any Part or Parts of the Lines described in the said Maps or Plans, without the Consent and Approbation in Writing of the Person or Persons, Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, through whose Lands or Grounds such Deviations shall be made, unless otherwise directed by this Act.

XIX. Pro.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxi. 435

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be ^stl^ark" lawful for the said Trustees to make the said Turnpike Road into, pian may be through, across, or over the Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons used notvyith-who is or are or may be Owner or Owners of Lands or Grounds over standing which the same is or are set or described in the said Maps or Plans as Errors in the aforesaid, although the Name or Names of such Person or Persons may Rgference-happen to be erroneously described or omitted in the said Books of Reference, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Devon, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error or Omission proceeded from Mistake, or was not wilful; and such Certificate shall be deposited with and remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Powers and Trustees re-Authorities hereby given shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to strjV."e empower or authorize the said Trustees to take or pull down any Dwel- jj^ellfng-ling House or other Building, or to take in or make use of any Orchard, houses, &c. Garden, Yard, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, or any

Part thereof respectively, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Proprietor thereof first had and obtained, except a Linhay, Courtilage, and Outhouses at Smithaleigh aforesaid, in the Parish of Plympton Saint Mary, in the said County of Devon, now in the Occupation of Grant Widow, and John Grant j a Homestead and Orchard in the Parish of Ermington, in the said County of Devon, in the Occupation of Richard Barons; a Homestead in the said Parish of Ermington, in the Occupation of James Ford; a Garden in the Parish of Ugborough, in the said County of Devon, in the Occupation of Thomas Ryder; a Linhay near Bideford Bridge, in the said Parish of Ugborough, in the Occupation of Francis Hodder j Two Orchards in the Parish of South Brent, in the said County of Devon, in the Occupation of William Skelton Hosking; a Dwelling House and Garden at the West End of Brent Bridge aforesaid, in the said Parish of South Brent, in the Occupation of John Newman and Thomas Patey; a Barn, Courtilage, and Orchard on the East Side of Brent Bridge aforesaid, in the Occupation of the said William Skelton Hosking; a Black-smith’sShed in the Town of South Brent aforesaid, in the Occupation of John Prettyjohns; a Dwelling House and Garden in the said Town of South Brent, in the Possession or Occupation of Robert Cuming; a Dwelling House, Outhouses, Courtilage, Garden, and Two Orchards in the said Parish of South Brent, in the Occupation of Henry Goodman; Two Gardens and Three Orchards in the said Parish of South Brent, in the Occupation of Jeffery Hosking j a Dwelling House, Garden, and Orchard in the said Parish of South Brent, in the Occupation of John Wakeham; a Barn,

Courtilage, and Orchard in the said Parish of South Brent, in the Occupation of Henry Hoare; a Dwelling House and Garden in the said Parish of South Brent, in the Occupation of John Prettyjohns; a Dwelling House,

Courtilage, Barn, and Orchard, in the said Parish of South Brent, in the Occupation of William Bradbridge j a Dwelling House and Garden in the said Parish of South Brent, in the Occupation of Thomas Connybeare and Bremicombe; a Dwelling House, Outhouses, Courtilage,

Garden and Orchard in the said Parish of South Brent, in the Occupation of William Bradbridge; a Dwelling House, Orchard, Courtilage and Garden in the said Parish of South Brent, in the Occupation of John Wakeham;

Two

43ti

1‘ GEORGII IV. Cap. xxi.

Two Orchards and a Garden in the Parish of Dean Priory in the said County of Devon, in the Occupation of James Bowerman; a Garden in the said Parish of Dean Prior in the Occupation of John Handingan Orchard in the Parish of Ashburton, in the said County of Devon, in the Occupation of Richard Wills; Two Orchards in the Parish of Bickington, in the said County of Devon, in the Occupation of John Browning; a Garden in the said Parish of Bickington, in the Occupation of John Caunter; a Homestead and Orchard in the said Parish of Bickington, in the Occupation of William Codings, a Dwelling House in Culver-street, in the Town and Parish of Chudleigh, in the said County of Devon, in the Occupation of Elizabeth Moxberry; a Dwelling House in the said Street called Culver-street, in the Occupation of Mary Martin; a Dwelling House in the said Street in the Occupation of Thomas Plimsall; the Site of a Dwelling House adjoining the said Street, in the Occupation of Thomas Ball ', Two Houses in the said Street, in the several Occupations of the said Thomas Ball and John Wotton; Five Dwelling Houses in the said Street, in the several Occupations of George Bailey, Matthew Causely, Samuel Hill, and James Gale; a Dwelling House in the said Street, in the Occupation of Mary Barnes and Jane Hansford; Two Dwelling Houses in the said Street in the Occupation of Hugh Glass and Joseph Wingyett; a Homestead and Garden in the Town of Chudleigh aforesaid, in the Occupation of Clark Spinster; an Orchard

and Garden in the Town of Chudleigh aforesaid, in the Occupation of Edward Langallen and James Tucker; an Orchard in the Town of Chudleigh aforesaid, in the Occupation of William Todhill’, an Orchard in the Parish of Kenn, in the said County of Devon, in the Occupation of Elizabeth Well Spinster.

Trustees may

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for purchase the saj<i Trustees, from Time to Time assembled at any Meeting or Purposed of6 Meetings to be holden under this Act, to contract and agree with the the Act. Owners of and Persons interested in any such private Lands or Grounds for the Purchase or Exchange thereof, or for the Loss or Damage which such Owners and Persons interested, or any of them, shall or may in anywise sustain, by making, turning, or altering the Course of any Part or Parts of the said Turnpike Road by this Act directed to be made or amended; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians and other Trustees whatever, for or onBehalf of any Infants, Femes Covert, Cestuique Trust, and for all and every Person or Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any such Lands or Grounds, either for their own Use or Benefit, or for the Use of or in Trust for such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, to contract and agree with the said Trustees for the Satisfaction to be made for such Damages as aforesaid, or to sell and convey to them all or any such Lands or Grounds, as Occasion shall be and require, and all Contracts, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made, shall, without any Fine or Fines, common Recovery or common Recoveries, be valid and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, Feoffees 5 in

l' GEORGII IV. Cfljo.xxi.

437

in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians and Trustees, and all other Persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act; and if any such Owner, Proprietor, Where Per-Occupier, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate ^nSecTor or Sole, Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for Years refuge to °T determinable on any Life or Lives, or Trustees, or any other Person or treat; Persons interested in any such Lands or Grounds, upon Notice to him, her, or them given in Writing, or left at the Dwelling House or Houses, or Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Head Officer or Head Officers of such Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Lands or Grounds so to be used or taken for the Purpose of making or improving the said Road, or any Part or Parts of such Road, shall, by die Space of Forty Days after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence shall be hindered from treating, then and in every such Case the said Trustees shall cause it to be enquired into and ascertained by and on the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men Damage and of the County of Devon (which Oaths any Two or more of the said Recompence Trustees are hereby empowered and required to administer) what Da- to be ascer-mage will be sustained by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall by a be made to such Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers or other Person or Persons interested, for, upon, or on account of the using and taking such Lands or Grounds for the Purposes of this Act; and in order thereto, witnesses to the said Trustees are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time, be examined as Occasion shall require, to summon and call before the said Jury, and on Oath, examine upon Oath, all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who shall be thought necessary and proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses touching and concerning the Premises (which Oaths any Two or more of the said Trustees are hereby empowered to administer); and they shall also order and cause the said Jury to view the Places in question, if there be Occasion, and use all lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as the Jury’s better Information in the Premises, as the said Trustees shall think fit; and after the said Jury shall have enquired of, ascertained, and settled such Damage and Recompence, the said Trustees shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the said Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury, to be paid to the said Owners, Occupiers, or Proprietors of, or other Persons interested in the said Lands or Grounds, according to such Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury; which said Verdict or Inquisition, and Judgment, Order, and Determination so had and made, shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes, against all Parties and Persons whomsoever claiming in Possession, in Fee, or in Tail General or Special, Reversion or Remainder or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well absent as present, Infants, Femes Covert, and Persons under any Disability whatsoever, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate and Sole, as well as all Persons whomsoever; and all and every such Owners, Occupiers, and Proprietors, and all and every Person or Persons anyways interested in such Lands or Grounds, shall upon Payment or Tender of the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed as aforesaid, or upon depositing the same in the Bank of England in the Manner directed by this Act, as the Case may require, thereby be thenceforth to all Intents and Purposes divested of all Right, Title, Claim, Interest and Property [Local.'] 5 S of,

438

For impannelling a Jury.

Jurors may be challenged.

How Ex-

Sences of ury are to be paid, &c.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. XXI.

of, into, or out of the same; and for the summoning and returning such Jury or Juries the said Trustees are hereby empowered to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the County of Devon, thereby commanding and requiring the said Sheriff to impannel, summon and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Persons to appear before the said Trustees at such Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed; and the said Sheriff or his Deputy or Deputies is and are hereby required to impannel, summon, and return such Number accordingly, and out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear on such Summons, the said Trustees shall swear or cause to be sworn Twelve who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff or his Deputy or Deputies shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be speedily procured to attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve; and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn, but shall not challenge the Array; and the said Trustees acting in the Premises shall have Power from Time to Time to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff or his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons that shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and shall not appear without sufficient Excuse, or who shall ref use to be sworn on the said Jury, or being so sworn shall refuse to give or shall not give their Verdict, or in any other Manner shall wilfully neglect their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and if any of the Persons who being required to give Evidence before the said Jury touching the Premises, shall refuse or neglect to appear, having beer), paid or tendered a reasonable Sum for his, her, or their Costs, Charges, and Expences, without sufficient Excuse, or appearing, shall refuse to be sworn and give Evidence; and from Time to Time to levy and apply such Fine or Fines in the same Manner as other Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines are hereinafter directed to be levied and applied, so that such Fines shall not exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds on any such Sheriff or his Deputy, and the Sum of Five Pounds upon any other of the Persons aforesaid, for any one Offence.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury shall give and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money, as a Recompence for the Right, Interest, or Property, of any Person or Persons in any Lands or Hereditaments, or for any Loss or Damage to be by him, her, or them sustained, than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees before the summoning and returning of the Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, then and in such Case the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Trustees, out of any Money arising or to arise by virtue of this Act; but if such Jury shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more or less Money than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees before the summoning and returning of such Jury, as a Recompence and Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, then the foil Costs of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining of such Dif-7 ference.

439

1* GEORGII IV. Cap. xxi.

ference, shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute; which said Costs and Expences, having been ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace within whose Jurisdiction such Difference shall arise, not interested in the Matter in question (who is hereby required to examine and settle the same), shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged; or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the Sums be not paid on Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees, by such Ways and Means as are herein-after provided for the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures; provided, that where by reason of Absence any Person or Persons shall have been prevented from treating with the said Trustees touching the Matters aforesaid, the whole of such Fees and Expences shall be paid by the said Trustees.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Sum of Money or Recompence to be agreed for or assessed as aforesaid, shall be paid by the said Trustees to the Parties or Persons respectively entitled thereto, or his or their Agent or Agents, and on Payment thereof in Manner aforesaid, or (in case of Refusal to accept the same, or the Parties not being to be met with), upon depositing the same in the Bank of England, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in Manner by this Act directed, and after Fourteen Days Notice given to such Parties or Persons, or to his, her, or their Agent or Agents, or left at his, her, or their Place or Places of Abode, or with the Tenant in Possession of the Lands or Hereditaments so to be agreed for or purchased as aforesaid, such Lands and Hereditaments shall be used and taken for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall direct, and shall be sufficiently ditched and fenced off from the Lands adjoining thereto, and shall, to all Intents and Purposes, become and be deemed a common Highway, and shall thenceforth for ever be deemed a Part of the Road by this Act directed to be made, and thenceforth all Parties and Persons whomsoever shall be divested of all Right and Title to such Lands and Hereditaments.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Tenant for Life or amounting in Tail, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, to 2001> Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee for on Behalf of any Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or other Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or

exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been

Money agreed upon or assessed for Lands, how to be charged and

440

Application of Compensation Money where less than 2001. and exceeding 201.

Application ot Compensation Money where no more than

201.

l° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxi.

been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, standing settled therewith, to the same or the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which shall be purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance or Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking effect; and in the meantime, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Coqrt of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities j and in the meantime, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement was made.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Tw hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in such Case the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified by Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and to be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the Trustees for executing this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to he signified by Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said High Court of Chancery.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as last-before mentioned, shall not exceed Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Maimer as the said Trustees shall think fit, or in case of Infancy

or

441

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxi.

or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded or assessed for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the same, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in case the Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded or assessed as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing them], subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said High Court of Chancery; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the same is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Persons in Question shall arise, touching the Title of any Person or Persons to any to

Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the presump' Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, in tivelyentitled. pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to be lawfully entitled to such Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the High Court of Chancery i and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that

In case of disputed

Titles,

442

Court may order reasonable Expences to be paid by Trustees.

Trustees empowered to sell Ground, &c. not wanted for the Purposes of this Act.

Owners of the adjoining Lands to have the first Offer.

1° GEORGII IV; Cap. xxi.

some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporations entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the High Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled£to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said High Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies received by virtue of this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the Court shall direct.

XXX. And whereas the Trustees for executing this Act may be seized of some Piece or Pieces of Ground, over and above what may be necessary for effectuating the Purposes of this Act; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees from Time to Time to- sell and dispose of such Piece or Pieces of Ground, together or in Parcels, either by public Sale or private Contract (as they shall find most advantageous and convenient), to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract for and purchase the same.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Trustees shall think proper, or shall by virtue of this Act be required to sell and dispose of any Piece or Pieces of Ground not wanted for the Purposes of this Act, or of any Toll House, or any Erection, Building, or Garden attached thereto, and which is not by this Act directed to be otherwise disposed of, they shall first offer the same for Sale to the Person or Persons of whom the same shall have been first purchased; or in case such Ground shall be a Piece or Pieces of old Road, to the Person or Persons whose Land shall adjoin thereto; and if such Person or Persons respectively shall then and thereupon refuse, or shall not agree, except with respect to or on account of the Price thereof, to purchase the same respectively, an Affidavit to be made and sworn before a Master or Master Extraordinary of the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Devon, who are hereby respectively empowered to take such Affidavit, by some Person or Persons no way interested in the said Piece or Pieces of Ground, Toll House, or any Erection, Building, or Garden attached thereto, stating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Offer was then and thereupon refused, or was not agreed to by the Person or Persons to whom the same was made, shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and refused, or not agreed to by the Person or Persons to whom such Offer was made (as the Case may be); and in case such Person or Persons shall be desirous of purchasing such Piece or Pieces of Ground, Toll House, or any Erection, Building, or Garden attached thereto, and he, she, or they and the said Trustees shall differ, or not agree with re-

6, spect

443

1 GEORGII IV. Cap. xxi.

spectto the Price thereof, then the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury in Manner by this Act directed with respect to disputed Value of Premises to be purchased by the said Trustees in pursuance of this Act, and the Expence of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in like Manner as by this Act is directed with respect to such Purchases made by the said Trustees, mutatis mutandis, and the Money to arise by the Sale or Sales which may be made by the said Trustees of such Piece or Pieces of Ground as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act, but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for any Misapplication or Nonappltcation of such Money, or compelled or compellable to see to the Application thereof.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the said Trustees to Trustees shall make or turn, or alter any Part or Parts of the said

Roads, or make a new Road over and through any private Lands or new oa ' Grounds, the said Trustees shall make or cause to be made on both Sides of such new made Road, a good and sufficient Fence of Posts and double Rails, or good and sufficient Hedges or Fences, so as effectually to guard and fence off the Lands adjoining to the said Road, and also proper Gates, Bridges, and Arches where necessary, out of the said Road into the Lands adjoining:Provided always, that all new Fences to Height of be erected on any Part of the said Roads for the Purpose of fencing the Fences, same, shall be limited to the Height of Six Feet, to be measured from the Foot of the said Fences, if built of Stone alone j and if made of any other Materials, and planted, the Banks on which the Plants shall be set shall in no Case exceed the Height of Five Ffeet and Six Inches.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or such Trustees may Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose authorize or appoint, contract for shall be and are hereby empowered from Time to Time to contract and

agree with any Person or Persons foj* the making, amending, diverting, altering, straightening, and improving the said Roads, or any Part thereof, or for erecting Mile or Direction Posts or Stones thereon, or for doing any other Work to be performed in the Execution of this Act, in such Manner and for such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trustees or any1 Five or more of them shall think proper; and that all Contracts and Agreements in Writing, entered into pursuant to any Order of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, by their Clerk, Treasurer or Treasurers, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer, with any Workmen or other Person or Persons relating to any Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of this Act, shall be binding upon all su.ch Parties or Persons as shall sign the same, his, her, or their Executors and Administrators j and that Actions and Suits shall and may be maintained thereon by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or by their Clerk, Treasurer or Treasurers, and in his, her, or their Name or Names respectively, and Damages or Costs recovered against the Party or Person, Parties or Persons failing, in the Performance of such Contracts or Agreements respectively, and such Sum or Sums of Money as shall or may be requisite for making the said new Lines of Road, or any other Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of this Act, and which by such Contracts or Agreements respectively the Parties ought to have done, shall be the Measure of the Damage to be recovered in any such Action or Suit, against any such Party or Person,

444

Notice to be given when

prepared for being travelled over.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap

Person, Parties or Persons so as aforesaid making default, in fulfilling his, her, or their Contract or Agreement; any Law or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as any of the new Lines of Road hereby intended to be made and constructed shall be completed and finished, and be certified by any Two or more Justices of the said County of Devon, by Writing under their Hands, to be fit to be travelled over, Notice in Writing of such Part of the Road being so made and completed, and of such Certificate having been made, shall be given by the Clerk of the Trustees acting under this Act, to the Clerk of the Trustees within whose District such new Line of Road shall be.

After Notice,

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Delivery of the new Road the said Notice, the Trustees to whose Clerk the said Notice shall have ed a* ril'd keen given, shall from thenceforth be and be deemed liable to the Repair, Roftd Maintenance, and Support of the said Road, so newly made and constructed, and shall be discharged from the future'Repairs of the Parts of the old Road, in lieu whereof such new Road-shall be made; (except as to such Part of the present Road as is situated between the Village of Alphington and Clapham. Brook, near the Four Mile Stone from Exeter, on the same Road, which is still to remain Part of the said Turnpike); and the said recited Act for amending, repairing, and improving the old Road, and all Trusts, Clauses, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things therein contained, shall extend and be applied, and are hereby extended and applied, to such new Line of Road respectively, in the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if such new Line of Road had been Part of the old Road, by such Act authorized to be amended, repaired, or improved.

Power to

XXXVI. And whereas by the making of the new Lines of Road, several stop up cer- considerable Parts of the present Turnpike Roads and other Highways Roadjara lel thereunto adjoining will become useless, and may, if not stopped up, be the Means of enabling Persons to evade the Tolls hereby granted; be it further enacted, That immediately after any Part of the new Line of Road shall be opened for the passing of Horses and other Cattle, Coaches and other Carriages thereon, and shall be certified so to be by any Two Justices of the Peace for the said County of Devon, any Part of the said present Turnpike Road, or any other Highways which shall appear to such Two Justices to be unnecessary, shall (after due Notice being given and Survey made of such Roads by the said Two Justices), pursuant to an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways, in so far as the same relates to Notice of Appeal against turning or diverting a Public Highway, and to extend the Provisions of the same Act to the stopping up of unnecessary Roads, be forthwith stopped up or discontinued as a Turnpike Road as aforesaid; and the Ground and Soil of every Road which shall be so stopped up, shall be and is hereby vested in the Trustees appointed by or by virtue of this Act, and may be sold and disposed of by them as herein-before is mentioned.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxi.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That in all Cases where there shall be Two parallel Lines of Turnpike Road, the old Part of which cannot be stopped up and discontinued, on account of its being used by any Owners or Occupiers of any Messuages or Dwelling Houses, or Fields or Closes of Land adjoining thereto, that then and in such Cases all Roads now forming Part of the said Turnpike Roads, but which, being discontinued as such, shall nevertheless be kept open for the Accommodation of Persons resident on the Sides thereof, shall not from thenceforth be repaired by the Trustees acting in Execution of any of the said recited Acts.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors employed by the said Trustees, and such Person and Persons as he or they shall appoint, to search for, dig, take, and carry away any Materials proper for making, amending, diverting, altering, straightening, or improving the said Roads, or for the other Purposes of this Act, out of any Waste or Common Ground, or out of any Common River or Brook, (not being within the Distance of One hun ired Yards of any Bridge, Dam, Weir, or Jetty), in any Parish in which any Part of the said Hoads lie, or any adjoining Parish, without paying any thing for such Materials, and without being deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers; and the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons filling up, fencing, and levelling all such Hole or Holes as shall be made or occasioned by digging for or taking away such Materials, and making such Allowance or Satisfaction to the Person through whose Lands or private Ways such Materials shall be brought or carried, for the Damage done and occasioned thereby, as the said Trustees shall judge fit and reasonable; and in case sufficient Materials cannot be conveniently gotten in such Waste or Common Grounds, Rivers or Brooks as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint, by Order of any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County of Devon, to search for, dig, take, and carry away any such Materials out of the Lands of any Person or Persons, not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Paddock, Park, planted Walk, or Avenue to any House, or any Piece of Ground planted and set apart as a Plantation or Nursery for Trees, in any Parish in which any Part of the said Road lies, or in any adjoining Parish, Township, or Place, making or tendering such Satisfaction for such Materials, and for the Damages done to the Owners or Occupiers of the Lands where and from whence the same shall be dug, gathered, and carried away, or over which the same shall be carried, as the said Trustees shall judge reasonable; and also to land on or carry through or over any inclosed Lands or Grounds, not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Paddock, Park, planted Walk or Avenue to any House, or any Piece of Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery or Plantation for Trees, or on, through, or over any Open Land or Common, any Stone or other Materials for making the said Roads, or for building any Toll House or Toll Houses, or Bridges on or by the Side thereof, from any Rivers, Streams, or Canal in any Parish through which any Part of the said Roads lie, or in any adjoining Parish, paying or tendering for the Damage done in landing on, or going through, or over any inclosed Lands or Grounds for or with such Materials, such Sum or Sums as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them shall judge reasonable:

[Loca/.J 5U and

445

Proviso for Repair of Roads which cannot be stopped up.

Power to get Materials.

446

l’ GEORGII IV. Cap. xxi.

and in case of any Difference between such Trustees, Surveyors, or other Person appointed or employed as aforesaid, and the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, or any of them, concerning such Payments and Damages as aforesaid, any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County of DevoTt, after Ten Days Notice in Writing given by either Party to the other, shall hear, settle, and finally determine the Matter of such Payments and Damages, and award such Costs to be paid by either Party as they shall think proper.

Notice to be

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not given before be lawful for any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons taken"3*8 acting under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, get, take, or

carry away any such Materials for any of the Purposes of this Act, out of or from any inclosed Land or Ground, until Ten Days Notice in Writing signed by such Surveyor, shall have been given to the Owner or Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Owner or Occupier at his usual Place of Abode, to appear before Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the County, Town, or Place where such Lands shall lie, to shew Cause why such Materials should not be had or taken from such Lands or Grounds j and in case such Owner or Occupier or his Agent shall attend pursuant to such Notice, but shall not shew sufficient Cause to the contrary, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for such Justices by their Order to authorize such Surveyor or other Person or Persons to dig, get, gather and carry away such Materials at such Time or Times as to such Justices shall seem proper j and if such Owner or Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or his Agent, pursuant to such Notice, such Justices may make such Order therein as they shall think proper, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Owner or Occupier or his Agent had attended.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whatsoever shall take or carry away any Materials which shall have been dug or gathered for the Purposes of this Act, or shall get or take away any Materials out of, or otherwise interfere with or obstruct the working of any Pit or Quarry which shall have been made or opened for the Purpose of getting Materials or making the said Roads, before the said Surveyors or other Workmen shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Twenty-one Days, (except the Owner or Occupier of the Land in which such Pit or Quarry shall be made, to get Materials therein for his own private Use only, and not for Sale), every Person so offending, shall for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

Penalty on taking away Materials got by the Sur-

Power to make Cause-

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for such Surveyor and Surveyors, and such other Person and Persons as shall be appointed by the said Trustees, to make Footways, Footpaths, and Causeways in or along the Sides of the said Roads, in such Manner as they shall think proper, and to cut or make Drains or Watercourses in and upon the said Roads, and also through any Ground lying contiguous or near thereto, and to erect and build Bridges, Culverts, and Arches thereupon, and also to make Ditches, and Trenches, in such Places and in such Manner as such Surveyor and Surveyors, by Order of the said Trustees, shall judge necessary, and to make sufficient Fences, 6 Barriers,

447

1° GEORGII IV, Cap. xxi.

Barriers, and other Erections on any Part or Parts of the said Roads, in order to prevent any Rivulet or Current of Water from flooding the same, as such Surveyor or Surveyors shall judge necessary.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all Gates to be hereafter made and placed in any Hedge or other Fence, of any Field, Ground, Yard, or other Place, adjoining to any Part of the said Road, save and except such Gate or Gates, the Hanging Post or Posts whereof shall be so far distant from the Centre of the said Road, so that no Part of such Gate or Gates shall when opened swing or hang over any Part of the said Road, shall be so made, hung, and constructed as to open inward towards such Field or Ground, and not outward towards the Said Road j and in case any Person or Persons shall hang or construct any Gate or Gates contrary to the Directions of this Act, or shall, after the same shall have been hung so as to open inward toward such Field, again alter the same so as to open outward towards the said Road, every such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to cause all or any of such Gates as are now erected and open outward towards the said Road, to be altered and made to open inward towards such Field or Ground, Yard, or other Place, as they the said Trustees shall think proper.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of collecting and receiving the Tolls hereby granted, the Trustees appointed, or to be appointed in or by virtue of this Act, shall and may and they are hereby authorized and required to erect, or cause to be erected, Toll Gates in, upon, or across, or on the Side of any Part of the new Lines of Road, udien the same is made and completed, provided the same do not extend to a Double Charge of Toll on the same District of the said new Lines of Road; and also in, upon, or across any Lane or Highway that does or shall lead into or out of the same respectively, as they the said Trustees shall think proper and expedient, (subject nevertheless to such Restriction and Directions as are herein-after mentioned or contained concerning the same), and also shall and may erect and provide a Toll House, with suitable Buildings, a Garden and other Conveniences, not exceeding Ten Perches of Land, at or near each of the said Toll Gates.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of and in all and every the Toll Gates, Toll Houses, and Buildings erected by virtue of this Act, and of and in all Materials for building the same, and also of and in all Rails, Posts, and Fences which shall be provided or used for the Purposes of this Act, and also of and in all Tools, Implements, Stones, Gravel, and other Materials purchased, gotten, or had, or to be purchased, gotten, or had, for making or repairing the said Roads, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to apply and dispose of the same as they shall think fit for the Benefit of the said Roads, and to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions, and to prefer and prosecute, or order and direct the preferring and prosecuting of any Information or Informar tions, Bill or Bills of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall steal, take, carry away, or injure the same, or shall interrupt them the said Trustees, or any of their Officers, in the Possession thereof, in all which said

Oates to Fields to open inwards.

Toll Gates to be erected.

Toll Gates to be vested in Trustees.

448

Power to remote Toll Gates.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxi.

said Proceedings it shall be sufficient to state generally such Toll Gates, Toll Houses, Buildings, Rails, Posts, Fences, Materials, Tools, Implements, and other Matters and Things as aforesaid, to be the Property of the Clerk or Clerks for the Time being to the said Trustees.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time, when and as often as they shall think proper, to cause any of the Toll Gates erected by virtue of this Act, in, upon, or across, or on the Side of the new Lines of Road, or any other Toll Gates which shall be erected by virtue of this Act in, upon, or across the same Roads, or on the Side or Sides of any Part thereof, to be removed to and erected in, upon, or across, or on the Side or Sides of such other Part or Parts of the said Roads as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them shall from Time to Time order and direct; provided that none of the said Toll Gates shall be removed as aforesaid, unless Notice in Writing of the Intention to remove the same shall have been fixed upon all the Toll Gates then standing upon the said new Lines of Road, nor unless such Notice shall have been advertised in some Newspaper published in the said County of Devon, Twenty Days at least previous to such Order being made.

Power to

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for take Tolls, the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons to be appointed by virtue of this Act, Collector or Collectors as aforesaid, and they are hereby authorized and required to demand and take (subject to the Restriction herein mentioned) at each and every of the respective Toll Gates and Side Gates which shall be erected by virtue of this Act, in, upon, or across the said Roads, or any Lane or Highway leading into the same, before any Horse, Beast, or other Cattle, or any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage shall be permitted to pass through the same, the several Tolls and Duties following; (that is to say),

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Chaise Marine, Car, Calash, Chair, Caravan, Hearse or Litter, drawn by Six or more Horses, Mules, or other Cattle, the Sum of Two Shillings:

For every Stage Coach drawn by Six or more Horses, Mules, or other Cattle, the Sum of Three Shillings:

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Chaise Marine, Car, Calash, Chair, Caravan, Hearse or other Litter, drawn by Four or more Horses, Mules, or other Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

For every Stage Coach drawn by Four or more Horses, Mules or other Cattle, the Sum of Two Shillings:

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Chaise Marine, Car, Calash, Chair, Caravan, Hearse or Litter, drawn by Three Horses, Mules or other Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence:

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Chaise Marine, Car, Calash, Chair, Caravan, Hearse or Utter, drawn by Two Horses, Mules or other Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Stage Coach drawn by Three Horses, Mules or other Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Nine-pence:

For every Stage Coach, drawn by Two Horses, Mules oi other Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

For

449

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxi.

For every Chaise, Car, or Chair, having Two Wheels only, drawn by Two Horses, Mules, or other Beasts, the Sam of Nine-pence:

For every Chaise, Car or Chair, drawn by one Horse, Mule, or other Beast, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, Tumbril or Dray, drawn by Eight Horses or other Beasts, the Sum of Four Shillings:

For every Waggon, Wain, Carr, Tumbril or Dray, drawn by Seven Horses or other Beasts, the Sum of Three Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Dray, drawn by Six Horses or other Beasts, the Sum of Three Shillings:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, Tumbril or Dray, drawn by Five Horses or other Beasts, the Sum of Two Shillings arid Sixpence!

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, Tumbril' or Dray, drawn by Four Horses or other Beasts, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, Tumbril or Dfajr, drawn by Three Horses or other Beasts, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Waggon, Warn, Cart, Tumbril or Dray, drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts, the Sum of Eight-pence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, Tumbril or Dray, drawn by one Horse or other Beast, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Carriage (without Horses) of any Description, which shall be fastened or tied, or in any Manner affixed to another Carriage, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule or Ass, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Tolls by this T°l\s vested Act authorized to be taken, and all and every Sum and Sums of Money ln rustees* which shall arise and be produced therefrom, shall be vested in the said Trustees for the Time being, and the same and every Part thereof shall be paid, applied, disposed of, and assigned in such Manner as. is hereinafter mentioned; and if any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls, shall after Demand thereof made by the Person or Persons so authorized to receive the same, neglect or refuse the Payment thereof, or of any Part or Parts thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so authorized to seize and distrain any Horse or other Cattle, together with their Bridles, Saddles, Harness or Accoutrements, or any Carriage, together with its Lading, upon which any Toll is by this Act imposed, (but no such Bridle, Saddle, Harness or Accoutrements, shall be so seized without detaining and seizing the Horse or other Beast bearing the same), or any of the Goods or Chattels of the Person or Persons neglecting or refusing to pay the same; and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and keeping the same shall not be paid within the Space of Five Days after the Day of making such Distress, the Person or Persons so distraining shall an ! may at any Time or Times thereafter sell the Horse, Cattle, Beast, Carriage, Goods, and Chattels so distrained, and out of the Money which shall arise by such Sale, pay such Tolls, and all reasonable Charges incurred by such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus of the Money which shall arise by such Sale, and what shall remain unsold (if any) upon Demand to the Owner or Owners thereof.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Waggons, Carts, and other NoTolladdi-«uch like Carriages, having the Wheels and Axletrees of the Widths and tional for [Local.~\ 5 X Descriptions Overweight

45ft

on Carriages with Cylindrical

Wheels.

Toll to be paid only at One Gate to each District.

Stages Coaches to pay on passing or repassing each Dis-

Penalties on Toll Collecting up their Names or misbehaving.

1* GEORGII IV. Cap. xxi.

Descriptions directed by an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to enable Trustees of Turnpike Roads to abate the Tolls on Carriages, and to allow of their carrying Extra Weights in certain Cases, and the Horses and other Cattle drawing the same, shall have and enjoy the Privileges and Exemptions granted thereby.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded for or in respect of any Horse, Beast, or other Cattle, or any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, in respect of which Toll shall have been paid at any Toll Gate in any of the said Districts, for passing on the same Day through any other Toll Gate or Toll Gates within the same District, a Note or Ticket being produced, denoting that the Toll had been paid for or in respect of any Horse, Beast, or other Cattle, or any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, on the same Day at such other Toll Gate (which Notes or Tickets the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to deliver gratis) on the Receipt of such Tolls, and which Ticket shall name and specify the Gates freed by Payment of such Toll.

L. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That Toll shall be paid in respect of every Stage Coach, at one Gate to be erected as aforesaid on each of the said Districts, every Time of passing and repassing.

LI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Toll Collector appointed either by the said Trustees, or by any Lessee or Lessees under them, to collect the Tolls payable at any Turnpike or Toll Gate erected under or by virtue of this Act, shall and he is hereby required to place his Christian and Surname, painted on a Board in legible Characters, in the Front or on some other conspicuous Part of the Toll House or Toll Gate, immediately upon his coming upon Duty, and shall continue the same so placed during the whole Time he shall be uppn such Duty, each of the Letters of such Name or Names to be at least Two Inches in Length, and of a Breadth in Proportion, and painted in White Letters on a Black Ground, or Black Letters on a White Ground; and if any Collector of the said Tolls shall not place such Board, and keep the same there during the Time aforesaid, or shall demand or take a greater or less Toll from any Person or Persons than he shall be authorized to do by virtue of the Powers of this Act, or shall demand and take a Toll from any Person or Persons who shall be exempt from the Payment thereof, and claim and satisfactorily make out such Exemption, or shall refuse to permit and suffer, or shall in anywise hinder any Person or Persons from reading such Christian or Surname, or shall refuse to tell his Christian or Surname to any Person or Persons who shall demand the same, on having paid the said Tolls or any of them, or shall give a false Name or Names on such Demand, or shall refuse or neglect to give a Ticket denoting the Payment of the Toll, and naming and specifying the Gates so freed by such Payment, or shall make use of any scurrilous or blasphemous Language to any Person or Persons travelling upon the said Road, or shall, without sufficient Cause, detain or delay any Person or Persons travelling thereon, then and in every such Case every such Collector shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

io

I° GEORGII IV. Cap.-m. 451

LIX. And be it enacted, That this Act shall not extend or be con- Exempting strued to extend to charge with Toll any Horses or Carriages attending fr^aTo^ml y His Majesty, or any of the Royal Family,

LIII. And be it further enacted, That no Tolls shall be demanded or Exemptions taken by virtue of this Act, for any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, nor ftom Ao11, for any Horse or other Cattle drawing the same, which shall be employed only in carrying or conveying, or going empty to fetch, carry or convey, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Stones, Bricks, Lime,

Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials to be used for making the said Roads, or making or building any Bridges, Drains or Fences thereon; or any Hay not having been stacked, or any Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but intended to be laid up in Houses, Outhouses,

Bams or Yards of the Owners thereof, in any of the Parishes in which any Parts of the said Roads lie; or any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry to be used in any of the same Parishes only, of to any Place for the Purpose of Repair, or from any Place after such Repair; nor for any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage which shall be employed only in carrying or conveying, or going empty to fetch, carry or convey, or returning empty from carrying or conveying on the same Day any Materials for repairing any Highways in any of the Parishes in which any Parts of the said Roads lie; and that no Toll shall be demanded or taken by virtue of this Act, from any Rector, Vicar, or Curate, residing in any of the Parishes in which any Parc of the said Roads lie, going to or returning from his own Parish Church or Chapel, or visiting his sick Parishioners; nor from any Person or Persons going to or returning from his, her, or their proper parochial Church or Chapel, or from arty Person or Persons going to or returning from his, her, or their usual Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, oil a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or to attend the Funeral of any Person or Persons who shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes; nor for any Horses, Mules, Asses qr Oxen kept within such respective Parishes, going to or returning from Water or Pasture, or going to or returning from being shod; nor for any Horses or Carriages of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority ol His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding the same, or when returning back from conveying the same; nor for any Horses of Officers or Soldiers on their March or on Duty, nor for Carriages or Horses or other Beasts employed in carrying the Arms or Baggage of such Officers or Soldiers, or in carrying any sick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers; nor for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry, or Volunteer Cavalry, or to any Field Officer, Adjutant, or other mounted Officer of Volunteer Infantry, and rode by him in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise; provided that all and every such Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption, and not otherwise; nor for any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, or the Horse or Horses or other Cattle drawing the same, which shall be employed in conveying any

Ordnance,

452

Waggons, &c. conveying Military Stores not subject to Penalties for Overweight.

Power to compound for Tolls.

For settling Disputes concerningTolls

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxi.

Ordnance, or Barrack, or other Public or Commissariat Stores, of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces; nor for any Horses or Carriages travelling with Vagrants sent by legal Passes, or returning after having been so employed; nor for any Horse or Carriage going to or returning from any Election of any Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Devon on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or the Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded: And if any Person shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid (not being entitled thereto) every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and in all Cases the Proof of the Exemption shall lie on the Person claiming the same.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or driving, or causing to be driven, any Waggon, Wain, Carr, or other Carriage, provided for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or conveying any Ordnance, Barrack or other Public Stores, of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, shall be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture for Overweight; nor shall any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage be stopped or detained by reason of any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen; but it shall be lawful for any Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, to put any Number of Horses or Oxen to any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways and Turnpike Roads, or in this Act contained, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, from Time to Time, as they shall see convenient, to compound and agree for any Term not exceeding Three Years, at any one Time, with any of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes in which any Part of the said Roads lie, for the passing of all or any Description of their Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, through all or any of the 'l oll Gates to be erected by virtue of this Act; which Composition shall be paid yearly in advance; and in default thereof, the Composition or Agreement with the Person or Persons making such Default shall thenceforth be void; and all such Composition Money shall be paid and applied in such Manner as the Tolls are hereby directed to be paid and applied; but no such Composition or Agreement shall be made by less than Five Trustees, nor otherwise than at a public Meeting.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall happen concerning any Tolls due, or the Charges occasioned by any Distress to be taken by virtue of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Person distraining to retain such Distress, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof, till the Amount of the Tolls and Charges of such Distress shall be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the County of Devon, who, on Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the Matter on the Oath of the Parties or of a Witness or Witnesses, and shall determine the Amount of the Tolls due, and shall award such Costs and Charges to either Party, as he the said Justice shall think proper; all which Costs and Charges shall and may be forthwith levied and recovered, in case of

Non-payment

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxi.

Non-payment thereof, on the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons from whom the same shall be due, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice; rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after Payment of such Costs and Charges, and the Costs and Charges of making such Distress and Sale, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and sold.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation shall arise relative to the said Tolls, no Person or Persons collecting and managing the same under the Authority of the said Trustees, or of any Lessee or Lessees of the said Tolls, shall be deemed incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason or on account of his, her, or their renting, collecting or managing the same as aforesaid.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Inhabitant of any Parish, Township, or Place in which any Offence may be committed against this Act, shall be deemed and adjudged to be an incompetent Witness, by reason or on account of his, her or their being an Inhabitant of such Parish, Township, or Place.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall with any Horse, Cattle, Beast or Carriage, go or pass into the said Roads through or over any Land or Ground adjoining thereto, not being a public Highway, and such Person not being the Owner or Occupier, or Servant, or one of the Family of the Owner or Occupier of such Land or Ground, with an Intent to evade the Payment of any of the 'foils by this Act

franted j or if any Owner or Occupier of any such Land or Ground shall nowingly or willingly permit or suffer any Person (except as aforesaid) with any Horse, Cattle, Beast or Carriage whatsoever, to go or pass through or over such Land or Ground with Intent to evade any of the said Tolls; or if any Person shall give to or receive from any Person other than the Collector of the said Tolls, or forge, counterfeit or alter any Note or Ticket by this Act directed to be given, with Intent to evade the Payment of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof; or if any Person shall forcibly pass through any such Toll Gate with any Horse, Cattle, Beast or Carriage, or shall unload or cause to be unloaded any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or take off or cause to be taken off any Horse or other Beast or Cattle from any Carriage, either before or after having passed through any Toll Gate, or having passed through any Toll Gate, shall afterwards add or put any Horse or other Beast to any such Carriage, and draw therewith upon any Part of the said Roads, so as to increase the Number of Horses or other Beasts drawing the said Carriage, after the same shall have passed through the said Toll Gate, whereby the Payment of all or any of the said Tolls shall or may be evaded; every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall be and they are hereby empowered, after giving Twenty Days Notice thereof in one of the Public Newspapers of the said County of Devon, and also in Writing to be affixed on the Toll Gate or respective Toll Gates, the Tolls whereof shall be intended to be leased, from Time to Time to lease and demise the Tolls granted by this Act, or any Part or Parts of such Tolls, [lord/.] 5 T by

453

Toll Gate Keepers not incompetent Witnesses.

Inhabitants

competent

Witnesses.

Penalty on evadingTolls.

Power to lease Tolls.

454 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxi.

by public Auction, for any Term not exceeding Three Years at a Time, for the best Price that can be had or gotten for the same, and to put up and offer the said Tolls to be let at such annual Sum or Sums of Money, and under such Conditions, Covenants, Reservations and Agreements as they the said Trustees shall think fit, taking such Security for the Payment of such Rents and Performance of the Covenants to be comprised in such Lease or Leases, as the said Trustees shall think fit, and the Money arising thereby shall be applied in such Manner as the Tolls so leased are by this Act directed to be applied; and at all such Lettings the Trustees shall have or be entitled to bid for the said Tolls, either by themselves or their Clerk or Treasurer, cr other Person by them authorized, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Enabling

LXI. And be it further enacted, That in case all or any of the said take*Posses- Tolls granted by this Act shall be demised or let to farm to any Person or sion of Toll- Persons in any Manner whatsoever, and the Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or houses, &c. Farmers thereof shall neglect or refuse to perform the Terms and Con-farn^ofhdd c^t’ons on same shall be so demised or let; or in case the

by^Collectors ^ent or &enls agreed to be paid by such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or for Trustees. Farmers, shall be in Arrear by the Space of Seven Days next after any of the Days on which the same ought to have been paid, pursuant to the Lease or Agreement for demising or leasing thereof; or in case such Lease or Agreement shall in any other Manner become void $ or in case any Toll House or Toll Houses shall be in Possession of any Collector or Collectors, who shall be removed or discharged from his, her, or their Office of Collector; or in case of the Death of any Collector who was at the Time of his or her Death in Possession of any Toll House or Toll Houses then and in any of those Cases, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the County of Devont upon Application made to him by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Treasurer, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to order any Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter upon and take Possession of any or every such Toll House or Toll Houses, and the Buildings, Gates and Appurtenances thereunto belonging j and to remove and put out such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers of the Tolls arising thereat respectively, or such Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons having Possession of the said Toll House or Toll Houses, from the Possession thereof, and from the Collection of Tolls; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Trustees (if they shall think fit) to vacate and determine the Lease and Agreement (if any) for demising or letting the said Tolls to such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, and the same shall from that Time be utterly void to all Intents and Purposes (save as to the Covenants and Agreements for Payment up to that Time, of the Rent or Rents thereby reserved, or other Covenants or Agreements on the Lessee's Part, which shall have been broken or not performed) as if such Demise or Agreement had never been made; and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees in every such Case, to demise or let to farm the said Tolls again to any other Person or Persons, or cause them to be collected, as if ho former Demise, Contract or Agreement had been made relative thereto.

Penalty on

LXIL. And be it further enacted, That if the Lessee or Farmer for the Lessees com- Time being of any of the Tolls hereby granted, or any Person acting under

pounding for of an«

overweighted Carriages.

Person having the Care of any Weighing Machine which

455

1* GEORGII IV.

J.XX1.

shall be erected on or adjoining to the said Roads, shall, without the Concurrence of the Trustees acting in the Execution of this Act, compound for, or agree to permit, or shall suffer any overweighted Waggon or other Carriage, subject to any Increase of Toll, or to any Forfeiture or Penalty by Reason of the Weight thereof, to pass or repass through any of the Toll Gates to be erected or continued by virtue hereof, without demanding, taking and keeping the full Increase of Toll, Fine or Penalty by Law due, in respect of or inflicted upon such overweighted Waggon or other Carriage, such Lessee, Farmer, or other Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, whereof One Moiety shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied in such Manner as other Penalties are herein-after directed to be applied.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for Power to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at the First Meeting to be held for carrying this Act into Execution, or at any subsequent Meet- th° Porting or Meetings, whereof Twenty Days Notice shall be given in Writing, gage of the to be affixed on the respective Toll Gates standing on the said Roads, Tolls, and in one of the public Newspapers to be published for the said County of Devon, to borrow and take up at Interest, upon the Credit and Security of the Tolls hereby granted, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds; and for securing the Payment of the same, with Interest, to mortgage and assign the said Tolls, and also the said Toll Gates and Toll Houses, with the Appurtenances thereto belonging, to the Lender or respective Lenders of such Sum or Sums of Money, or his, her, or their Nominee or respective Nominees; which Money so to be borrowed shall be applied and disposed of in such Manner as herein-after directed, and not otherwise; and which Mortgage or Mortgages, Assignment or Assignments (the Charges whereof are to be paid by the said Trustees), may be in the Form following, or in such other Form as the said Trustees shall think proper;

(that is to say),

* v‘rtue an Act Passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled { here set forth

* the Title of this ActJ, we whose Hands and Seals are hereunto subscribed

* and set, being of the Trustees for putting the said Act into

* Execution, in consideration of the Sum of

* advanced and paid by A, B. of to the Treasurer of the

‘ said Trustees, do hereby grant and assign unto the said A.B. and his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the Tolls

‘ arising and to arise on the said Roads, and the Toll Houses and Toll ‘ Gates erected or to be erected for collecting the same, as the said Sum ‘ of doth or shall bear to the whole Sum now or

‘ hereafter to become due and owing on the Security thereof; to have,

‘ hold, receive, and take the said Proportion of the said Tolls, Toll Gates,

‘ Toll Houses, and Premises, with the Appurtenances, unto the said ‘ A.B. and his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for and during ‘ the Residue of the said Term for which the said Tolls are granted by ‘ the said Act; Provided always, that if the said Sum of

shall be repaid to the said A.B. or his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, together with Interest for the same after the Rate of

* per Centum per Annum, without any Deduction whatsoever, on or before

‘ the

456

Mortgages u be entered ii a Book or Books, and may be assigned.

Form of Transfer.

Transfer to be entered bj the Clerk.

No Priority of Mortgages.

Allowing an Action of Ejectment to be supported by One Mortgagee.

1* GEORGII IV. Cap. xxi.

‘ the Day of now next ensuing, then this Assignment

‘ shall be void, or else shall remain in full Force. In Witness whereof, ‘ we have hereunto set our Hands and Seals the Day of.

And Copies of all such Mortgages shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Trustee; and which said Book or Books shall and may at all seasonable Times be perused and inspected by the said Trustees, or by any Creditor or Creditors of the said Trust, without Fee or Reward; and all Persons to whom any Mortgage shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may from Time to Time assign and transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, Interest, or Benefit in and to the said Mortgage, and the Principal Money and Interest thereby secured, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by signing an Instrument to be annexed to, or by indorsing on the Back of such Security, before One credible Witness, the following Form or Words to the like Effect; (that is to say),

* T the within named A.B. or I, C.D. Assignee, Executor, or Adminis-‘ trator of the within named A.B. [as the Case may happen], do transfer the within Mortgage Security, with all my Right and Title to the Principal Money thereby secured, and to all Interest now due and here-

* after to accrue thereon, unto E. Fhis or her Executors, Administrators,

* and Assigns. Dated this

4 Witness, G. H. ’

Which Transfer shall be produced and notified to the said Clerk within Thirty Days next after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof in the before-mentioned Book or Books, containing the Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money thereby transferred, for which Entry the said Clerk shall be paid the Sum of Five Shillings, and no more; and such Transfer shall then entitle such Assignee, his or her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit of the Mortgage, Security, and Payment of the Principal and Interest thereby secured; and such Assignee may in like Manner assign or transfer the same again, and so toties quoties j and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons (except the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be last transferred, his, her, or their respective Executors or Administrators), to make void, release, or discharge the original Security, or the Money due thereon, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom any such Mortgages, Assignments, or Transfers shall be made as aforesaid, shall be, in Proportion to the principal Sum or Sums of Money thereby respectively secured. Creditors on the said Tolls and other the Premises aforesaid, in equal and proportionate Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing any such Monies or the Dates of such Mortgages, Assignments, or Transfers.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Mortgagee or Mortgagees of the Tolls granted by this Act, shall seek to obtain Possession of the Toll Gates, Toll Houses, and Buildings erected on the said Road, in order to pay himself, herself, or themselves the Principal Money and Interest, or any Part thereof, due to him, her, or them, it shall be competent for him, her, or them, as Lessor or Lessors of the Plaintiff, and upon his, her, or their Demise only, and without reciting in such Demise

457

1* GEORGII IV. Cap. xxi.

the other Mortgagees of the said Tolls and Premises, to obtain such Possession; but such Person or Persons who shall obtain the Possession thereof, shall not apply the Tolls which may consequently be received by him, her, or them, to his, her, or their own exclusive Use and Benefit, but to and for the Use and Benefit of all the Mortgagees of the said Tolls, Toll Gates, Buildings, and Premises, pari passu, and in Proportion to the several Sums which may be due to them as such Mortgagees.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Trustees acting Power to under and by virtue of either of the herein-before several recited Acts of lessen Tolls. Parliament of the Fifty-fourth and Fifty-fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, shall and may offer and propose to advance and pay annually to the Treasurer of the Trustees acting under this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money not being less than One hundred Pounds at a Time, such Sum or Sums to be then paid by Four equal Quarterly Payments, each Quarter to commence on the Twenty-fifth Day of March, the Twenty-fourth Day of June, the Twenty-ninth Day of September, and the Twenty-fifth Day of December in every Year, and which annual Sum or Sums such Trustees respectively are hereby authorized and empowered to pay accordingly, out of any Monies to be raised or recovered by virtue of the said recited Acts respectively; the said Trustees acting under this Act, or any Five or more of them, may and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time to lessen or reduce all or any of the several Tolls hereby granted, at all or any of the said Gates to be erected under or by virtue of this Act, on the new Lines of Road within the Jurisdiction of the Trustees acting by virtue of such recited Act respectively, in such Degree as such Trustees acting under this Act may in their Discretion think proportionate to the annual Sum or Sums of Money to be advanced and paid j and upon Failure or Discontinuance of the Payment of such annual Sum or Sums respectively, for the Space of One Calendar Month after any of the Days herein-before mentioned, then to raise again the said Toll or Tolls so lessened or reduced, to any Sum not exceeding the Tolls respectively hereby granted r Provided always, that such Reduction of the Tolls shall always take place at the Toll Gate or Toll Gates within that Part of the Road which shall be within the District of the Trustees who may pay such Sum or Sums of Money, and not on any other Part or Parts of the said Road; and that in case the Tolls so reduced shall be let, the Lessee or Lessees, his or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall receive and be entitled to the annual Sum or Sums of Money so to be paid, in lieu of full Payment of the said Tolls.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever the new Lines of Road within any one of the Three Districts aforesaid shall be completed, and the Monies raised by the Tolls hereby granted on the new Lines of Road within such District shall be equal and amount to the Monies expended by the said Trustees acting under this Act on the new Lines of Road within such District, then and in such case the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the new Lines of Road included in such District by virtue of this Act, shall be reduced to the Amount of One Half of such Tolls, and the Tolls when so reduced in such District shall be collected and applied from thenceforth to the general Purposes of this Act j but such Reduction shall not extend or be construed to extend to alter or {Local.'] 5 z impair

When the

Monies received by the Tolls shall be equal to the Monies expended in making the

the Tolls shall be reduced in that particular District.

458

1* GEORGII IV. Cap. xxi.

impair any of the Powers of this Act, as far as the same relates to the Collection of Tolls on the new Lines of Road within the other Districts.

Application

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Monies which shall arise

0 ° or be produced by or from the Tolls by this Act granted, and also the

Monies to be borrowed or raised by virtue of this Act, and the Monies to arise by all or any Land or Ground hereby authorized to be sold by the said Trustees, shall be applied to and for the several Purposes, and in the Order and Manner following; (that is to say), in the First Place, in the Payment of all the Costs, Charges, and Expences which shall have^ been incurred in applying for and obtaining and passing this Act $ in the Second Place, in defraying the Expences of purchasing the Lands which may be necessary for the making and completing the said new Lines of Road, and for the making and Erection of Toll Houses and Gardens, and also the Expences of making and erecting the Fences hereby required to be made adjoining the said Roads; and in the last Place, in paying off and discharging the Interest and Principal Sums of Money which shall be borrowed and secured in pursuance of or by virtue of this Act; which Reduction, Payment, and Discharge are to be made rateably or by Lot, as the Trustees shall think proper.

Further

LXVIII. And in order to secure the due Application of the said Tolls

hereby granted, for the Purposes and in the Order and Manner aforesaid, be it further enacted, That all and every the said Tolls shall be always paid by the several Collectors thereof into the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, to be appointed by the said Trustees, who shall keep a separate Account thereof, and shall pay and apply the same to the Purposes and in the Order and Manner aforesaid.

When Prin

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Principal and cipal and In- interest of the Monies to be borrowed by virtue of this Act, and all the Expences Expences incurred in making the said new Lines of Road, shall have

repaid, been repaid and discharged, the Powers hereby given shall end and de-

Powers of the ter mine.

Act to cease.

Surplus Mo-

LXX. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees acting under this nies to be Act shall cause any Sum or Sums of Money remaining in the Hands of their

paid over to Treasurer or Treasurers, which may not be applicable to the Purposes of

iwtine under ^'s Act, to to Treasurer or Treasurers of the Trustees acting

recited Act. under the said recited Acts, or any one or more of them, in such Proportion and in such Manner as the Trustees acting under this Act shall in their Discretion think fit, to be applied for the Purposes of the said recited Acts respectively $ and the Receipt or Receipts of the Treasurer or respective Treasurers of the Trustees acting under the said recited Acts respectively, shall be sufficient and effectual Discharges for the same.

Road to be measured and Milestones erected.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required to cause Stones or Posts to be placed in or near the Sides of the said Road, with Inscriptions thereon denoting the Number of Miles and Distance of Place from any Town or Places, and also cause to be erected at their Discretion Guide Posts at such Places where the said Road shall be crossed or joined by other Roads; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully pull up or damage any Direction or Mile Post

459

1° GEOR.GII IV. Cap. xxi.

Post or Stone erected or fixed, or to be erected or fixed in or near the Side or Sides of the said Road, or shall obliterate or deface any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks described thereon; or if any Person shall ride upon any Causeway or Footpath formed by the said Surveyor or Surveyors upon or on the Side of or adjoining to the said Road, or shall drive any Horse, Beast, or Swine, or any Carriage upon, or cause any Damage to be done to any Causeway or Footpath; or if any Person or Persons shall leave or suffer any Horse, Cattle, Sheep, Pig, or Beast, to be and remain loose on the said Road, or any Part thereof; or if any Person shall cause to be hauled or drawn upon any Part of the said Road any Timber, Stone, or other Thing (otherwise than upon wheeled Carriages), or shall suffer any Timber, Stone, or other Thing which shall be carried upon wheeled Carriages to drag upon the said Road to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person driving any Pigs or Swine upon the said Road shall suffer the same to root up and damage the said Road, or the Fences on either Side thereof j or if any Person driving any Carriage upon the said Road shall ride upon the Shafts, or other Part of the said Carriage, without holding the Reins of the Horse or Horses, or meeting another Carriage shall not keep his or her Carriage on his or her Left or Near Side of the said Road, and also keep on the same Side himself; or if any Person shall in any other Manner wilfully prevent any other Person or Persons from passing him or her, or any Carriage under his or her Care, upon the said Road; or if any Person shall make or assist in making any Fire or Fires, or shall set fire to, or let off or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent, or Firework whatsoever, on any Part of the said Road, or within Sixty Feet of the Centre thereof, or play at Football or any other Game on any Part of the said Road, to the Annoyance of any Passenger or Passengers; or if any Person shall leave any Carriage (except in Cases of Accident) upon or on the Side of the said Road longer than may be necessary to load or unload the same, either with or without any Horse or Beast of Draught harnessed or yoked thereto, or in case such Carriage shall not during such Time be drawn up to the Side of the said Road as near as conveniently may be; or in case any Person shall lay any Timber, Stone, Chalk,

Marl, Lime, Hay, Straw, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, upon the said Road, or on the Side or Sides thereof, between the said Road and the Fences to be erected on the Sides thereof; or if any Person after having blocked any Carriage whatsoever in going up any Hill or rising Ground shall leave on the said Turnpike Road the Stone or other Thing used in such Blocking, or shall plough up, dig up, or break up any of the Soil between the said Road and such Fence as aforesaid, for the Purpose of making Compost or Manure, or otherwise shall scrape off any Soil or other Thing from the said Road or the Sides thereof, or shall take up and carry away any Scrapings thereof, or any Dung, Mould, Soil, Compost, or Manure from the Sides thereof, except such as may be lying in his own Ground and be carried away without being brought over any Part of the said Road, or that the same may be done at such Times and under such Regulations as the Trustees or their Surveyor shall direct and order; every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be recovered and applied as is herein-after directed.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Penalty on assault, interrupt, or hinder, or cause or procure to be assaulted, inter- p, ersons

rupted, obstruc"S

460

any one in the Execution of this Act.

For securing

transient

Offenders.

Penalty on Witnesses not attending when summoned.

Recovery of Fines and Penalties, &c.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxi.

rupted, or hindered, any Collector of the Tolls or Gatekeeper employed in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LXXIII. And whereas Offences may be committed against this Act by Persons unknown to the Trustees, Collectors, Surveyors, or other Persons appointed or employed to put the same in Execution; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, and such other Person or Persons as he or they shall call to his or their Assistance, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons who shall commit any such Offence or Offences, and to take him, her, or them before any Justice of the Peace of the County or Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, after having been paid and tendered a reasonable Sum of Money for his, her, or their Costs, Charges, and Expences, shall be summoned as Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before any Justice of the Peace touching any Matter of Fact contained in any Information or Complaint for any Offence against this Act, either on the Part of the Prosecutor or the Person or Persons accused, shall refuse or neglect to appear at the Time and Place for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for his, her, or their Refusal or Neglect, or appearing shall refuse to be examined upon Oath and give Evidence before such Justice of the Peace, or at such Sessions or Adjournment thereof, then and in either of such Cases such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures inflicted or imposed by this Act (the Manner of levying and Recovery whereof is not otherwise particularly directed) may, in case of Non-payment thereof, be recovered in a summary Way by the Order and Adjudication of Two Justices of the Peace for the said County, on Complaint to them for that Purpose exhibited, and afterwards be levied, as well as the Costs of such Proceedings, on Non-payment, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, or Person or Persons liable to pay the same, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices, who are hereby authorized and required to summon any Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, and to examine him, her, or them of and concerning such Offences, Matters, and Things, and to hear and determine the same; and the Overplus, if any, of the Money so levied or recovered, after discharging the Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture for which such Warrant shall be issued, and the Costs and Expences of recovering and levying the same, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of the Goods or Chattels so seized or distrained; and in case such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid upon Conviction, then it shall be lawful for such Justices to order the Offender or Offenders so convicted to be detained in safe Custody until Return can be conveniently made to such Warrant of Distress, unless such Offender or Offenders shall give sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Justices for his, her, or their Appearance before them, on such Day or Days as shall be appointed for the Return of such Warrant of Distress, such Day or Days not being more than Fourteen Days from the Time of. taking

any

461

1° GEOR’GII IV. Cap. vu.

any such Security, and which Security the said Justices are hereby empowered to take by way of Recognizance or otherwise; but if upon the Return of such Warrant it shall appear that no sufficient Distress can be had thereupon, then it shall be lawful for the said Justices, or any other Justices of the Peace for the said County, and they are hereby authorized and required by Warrant under their Hands and Seals to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the said County, there to remain without Bail or Main-prize for any Term not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and such Penalties and Forfeitures when So levied (the Application whereof is not otherwise directed) shall be paid to the Treasurer acting under this Act, and be wholly applied to the Purposes of this Act, and to or for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

LXXVI. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That all and every the Jusuce or Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or any other Form of Words to the like Effect (as the Case may happen), and shall not be obliged to set forth the Evidence at length; that is to say,

Devon, \ ‘ T)E it remembered. That on the Day of Form of

to wit. ft in the Year of the Reign of His Conviction '

* present Majesty, and in the Year of our Lord

‘ A.B. is convicted before me

* One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for

‘ \here specify the Offence, when and where committedQ contrary to the

* Form of the Statute made in the First Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled [here set forth the Title of this ‘ Act]; and I do hereby declare and adjudge that the said A.B. hath ‘ forfeited for the said Offence the Sum of

‘ or shall be committed to for the Space of

* Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year first above

* written. ’

LXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Per- Appeal, son or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any thing done in pursuance of this Act, either by the said trustees or by any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Devon within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of such Complaint shall have arisen, such Appellant first giving or causing to be given to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees Ten Days Notice at least in Writing of his, her, or their Intention of bringing such Appeal and of the Matter thereof, and within Four Days next after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal and abide the Order thereon, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions; and the Justices at such Quarter Ses-[Lcca/.J 6 A sions,

462

1‘ GEORGII IV. Cap. xxi.

sions upon due Proof of such Notice having been given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Cause and Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed against as they the said Justices shall think proper, and the Determination of such Quarter Sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes; and the said Justices at such Sessions may also by their Order or Warrant levy such Costs so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons who shall refuse or neglect to pay the same; and for Want of sufficient Distress commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of or for the County in which such Offence shall be committed, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, or until Payment of such Costs.

Proceedings not to be quashed for Want of Form.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order made touching or concerning any of the Matters in this Act contained, of any Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed for Want of Form, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and that where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damages (if any) in an Action upon the Case; but no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for such Irregularity as aforesaid, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made by or on the Behalf of the Party distraining before such Action brought.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be

AtSons'00 0t commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, until Twenty Days Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to the Clerk of the said Trustees, nor after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Three Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, or Ground of Action or Suit shall have arisen; and every such Action or Suit shall be laid or brought in the County or Place where the Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action shall or may at his or their Election, plead specially or the General Issue Not Guilty, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance of and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty Days Notice thereof shall be given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or more than Three Calendar Months after the Fact committed or Ground of Action or Suit had arisen, or shall be brought elsewhere than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants j and upon 7 such

163

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxi.

such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any Cases by Law.

LXXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That notwithstanding any thing in this Act contained, the Trustees acting under the Authority of Jg gJo the said recited Act of the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of His said late empowered Majesty King George the Third, shall be and they are hereby fully authori- to perform zed, empowered, and required, exclusively and independent of the Trustees of the

appointed by this present AS, to make and complete the several Alterations wjtbm and Improvements of the said new Lines of Road between Chudleigh Bridge District* and Brent Bridge, at their own Charges and Expences, under and by No. 2. virtue of the Powers already vested in them by such Act, or otherwise given by this Act, without charging any new or additional Tolls for that Purpose; and they the said Trustees acting by virtue of the said recited Act made in the Forty-ninth Year of His said late Majesty, shall not be accountable for, or be in any respect answerable or be liable to the Controul or Interference of the Trustees appointed by or under the Authority of this present Act, nor be entitled to receive any Sum or Sums of Money from them for the Purpose of completing such Alterations and Improvements; and the Trustees acting by virtue of the said recited Act of the said Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, shall be and they are hereby required to proceed with such Alterations as aforesaid, within the Space of Three Months after the passing of this Act, and to complete the same in such Manner, within such Time, and under and subject to such Provisoes and Regulations as are hereby enacted and declared relative to the said other new Lines of Road within the said other Districts; in which case the Trustees appointed by this Act shall not in any Instance levy or raise any Toll or Tolls, or erect any Toll Gate or Toll Gates in or upon any Part of the said Roads between Chudleigh Bridge and Brent Bridge; but if the Trustees acting by virtue of the said recited Act of the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, shall neglect to proceed therewith, and complete the same within such Time as the said other new Lines of Road shall be completed, then and in such Case the Trustees appointed by this Act shall thereupon be at Liberty to proceed therewith, and complete the same under the Powers and Authorities of this Act.

LXXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to authorize the Erection of any Toll Gate or Gates within, upon, across, or on the Side of any of the present Turnpike Roads comprised within any or either of the said recited Acts; or to prejudice, defeat, alter, or diminish any Power, Authority or Jurisdiction, which at the Time of the making of this Act the several Creditors or Trustees acting under or by virtue of the Three several Acts of Parliament mentioned and recited in the Preamble to this Act, do or may respectively lawfully claim, use, or exercise, or be entitled unto, under or by virtue of the said Three several recited Acts of Parliament, or any or either of them, such Acts being and remaining still in full Force, save and except as far as may be necessary for carrying this Act into Execution; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Saving the Rights of the Trustees of the Ashburton, Exeter, and Plymouth Eastern Turnpikes.

464

[Public Act.]

[Continuance of Act.]

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxi.

LXXXIL. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Afl shall commence upon and have Continuance from the Time of the passing thereof, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence tolthe End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan. Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1820.

ANNO PRIMO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. xxii.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Wansford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, to Stamford; and from Stamford to Bourn, in the County of Lincoln.

[22d June 1820.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for effectually amending and repairing the Road leading 22 G.2. c. 17. from Wansford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, to the Town of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln:And whereas another Act was passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of His said late Majesty, intituled An 29G.2.C. 7<J. Act for enlarging and altering the Term and Powers granted by an Act made in the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for effectually amending and repairing the Road leading from Wansford Bridge, in the County ©/'Northampton, to the Town and Borough of Stamford in the County of Lincoln; and for repairing the Road from the Borough of Stamford to Stapleford Bridge in the Parish of Ryhall in the County of Rutland, and from thence to Bourne in the County ©/'Lincoln: And whereas another Act was passed in the Sixteenth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two 16G. 3. C. 74. Acts made in the Twenty-second and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Wansford Bridge in the County ©/'Northampton, to the Town and Borough ©/"Stamford in the County of Lincoln, and from Stamford /©Bourne in the said County; and for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of the Bridge to a Gate called Scotgate in Stamford, and from the Termination of the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Bourn to the Market Cross in Bourn: And whereas anq-[Local.~] 6 B ther

466

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xx.ii.

ther Act was passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His said late Majesty 38G.3. c. 49. King George the Third, intituled An Act to continue for Twenty-one Tears, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and amend the Powers of Three Acts passed in the Twenty-second and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wansford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, to the Town of Stamford in the County of Lincoln, and from Stamford aforesaid to the Market Cross in the Town of Bourn in the said County of Lincoln, and from the North End of Stamford Bridge to Scotgate, both in Stamford aforesaid, which said Act expired at the End of the last Session of Parliament: And 1G. 4. c. 12 whereas by an Act passed in the said last Session, intituled An Act to continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, such Laws as may expire within a limited Time, the said recited Acts were continued until the said Twenty-fifth of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, when the same will expire: And whereas the Roads comprized in the said Four first-recited Acts were thereby divided into Two Districts, called the Wansford District and the Bourn District, and the Trustees authorized to put the said Acts in Execution have borrowed sSVeral Shifts of MOfiey on the Credit and Security of the Tolls thereby granted in each of the said Districts, which are still due on Security of the said Tolls, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be effectually improved and kept in Repair unless further Provisions are made for those Purposes; and it will be ifcore convenient that all the Provisions for effectuating the Purposes aforesaid should be consolidated and cbfftpriBed in ofie Act Of P&iTianient i May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted) and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assem-First recited bled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twenty-Act repealed. fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, the said recited Acts of the Twenty-second and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, and the Sixteenth and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, shali be, and the same are hereby repealed and made void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Trustees

II. And be it further enacted, That the Reverend Richard Atlay,

Names. the Reverend Henry Atlay, the Reverend Charles Atlay, Thomas Graham Arnold M.D., the Reverend Martin Amphtet, Joseph Adams, John Andrew, Edward Brown, Henry Boulton, Samuel Barker, the Reverend William Baker, the Reverend William Brown, the Reverend Edward Brown, the Reverend Gregory Bateman, William Broughton, the Reverend John Butts Hugh Bell, George Baiky, Henry Bott, John Bellingham, Bettison, the Reverend William Belgrade, the Reverend Ro-

bert Boon, the Reverend Henry Key Benney, the Honourable Thomas Cecil commonly called Lord Thomas Cecil, Sir Montague Cholmley Baronet, Charles Chaplin, the Reverend Christopher Cookson, Benjamin Cooper, John Carrie, Thomas Chapman, the Reverend Richard Cany, Joshua John Proby, Earl Carysfort in the Kingdom of Irelands John Chamberlain, Edward Cayley, George Richards Denshire, Charles Denshire, the Honourable Tko* mas Dawney, Charles Duncomb, Pouncefort Duncomb, John Dove, Thmat Doves John Dove the younger, William Dove, the Reverend EHicott,

William

467

1* GEORGII IV. Cap. xm.

IPilliam Brown Edwards, George Fludyer, Evan Foulkes, the Reverend Thomas Foster, Samuel Richard Fydell, Henry Fryer, the Reverend Kings-man Forster, the Reverend William Foster, John Gibson, Thomas Grosvenor,

George De Ligne Gregory, ' William Hopkinson, John Hewson, William Hardwick, William Halford, Sir Gilbert Heathcote Baronet, James Hurst, Thomas Hurst, the Reverend John Hopkinson, Cheseldon Henson, Henry Hopkinson,

Robert Heathcote, Thomas Holchkins, the Reverend Samuel Edmund Hopkinson, Sir Robert Heron Baronet, William Augustus Johnson, Charles Johnson, the Reverend Edward Jones, Samuel Judd, the Reverend Knipe, the Reverend Brownlow Villiers Layard, Anthony Lewis Layard, Thomas Lloyd, the Right Honourable William Lowther, the Reverend Richard Lucas, the Reverend Richard Lucas the younger, Richard Lluellyn, John Rowland Litchford, John Linton, John Manby, William Munton, William Munton the younger, John Mawby, Sir William Manners Baronet, the Reverend John Myers, the Reverend John Myers the younger, John Manners, James M(Guffog, John George De Mervielleux, the Honourable John Monckton,

Francis Mawby, Sir Gerard Noel Noel Baronet, Charles Noel, William Noel, Thomas Noel, Robert Nickols of Toft, Robert Nichols of Stamford,

George Vander Neunburg, the Reverend Henry Neville, Christopher Neville Noel, Matthew Newzam, Richard Norris, Stafford O’ Brien, Donatus O’Brien, William Ostler, John Osborn, William Osborn, James Osborn, the Honourable Charles Anderson Pelham, the Reverend Thomas Parke, the Reverend William Pochin, Michael Pierrepont, Charles Pierrepont, William Pochin, Joseph Phillips, John Pres grave, Charles Roberts, Thomas Birch Reynardson, Thomas Rawnsley, William Reeve, James Rowe, John Roberts,

William Stevenson, Nicholas ClarkeStevenson, Singleton, the Mayor, Recorder, Deputy Recorder, Alderman, Town Clerk, and Capital Burgesses of the Borough of Stamford for the Time being, Thomas Syson, the Reverend Charles Swann, Benjamin Smith, Valentine Stapleton, Sir John Trollope Baronet, Thomas Tryon, Edmund Tumor, the Reverend Richard Twopenny,

Cotton Thompson, James Torkington, John Thorpe, William Thorpe, Sir Thomas Whichcote Baronet, John Wingfield, John Wingfield the younger, the Reverend Thomas Wingfield, Sir William Earl Welby Baronet, John Willis M. D., Thomas Woodroffe, the Reverend William Wing, the Reverend William Wing the younger, the Reverend William Waters, John Watmuff,

Edward Wherry, James Watson, John Wyche; and all His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting in and for the respective Counties of Northampton, Lincoln, and Rutland, together with such other Persons, not exceeding the Number of Ten, as the said Trustees shall appoint, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Roads from Wansfor Bridge in the County of Northampton to Scotgate in the Borough of Stamford in the County of Lincoln, and from the same Road at the North-west Corner of Saint Mary’s Church in Stamford aforesaid to the Market Cross in the Town of Bourn in the said County of Lincoln, where the same joins the Turnpike Road leading from Bourn to Lincoln, and for carrying the several Powers, Purposes, and Trusts of this Act into Execution j and that all the said Roads shall be divided into Two Districts; and that the said Road between Wansford Bridge and Scotgate aforesaid Division of shall form One District, and be called the Wansford District; and that Dfstrict5' the Road from the said North-west Corner of Saint Mars s Church, in the Town of Stanford aforesaid, to the Market Cross in Bourn aforesaid, shall form the other District, and be called the Bovrn District.

468

Debts contracted under former Acts secured by this Act,

Proceedings under former Acts good Evidence.

appoint new Trustees.

Qualification of Trustees.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxii.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money, which on the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, shall be due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said former Acts, or any of them, in the said respective Districts, or either of them, together with the Interest on such of the same Sums as shall carry Interest, shall stand and be charged and chargeable on the Tolls by this Act granted and made payable in the said respective Districts, and may be recovered in like Manner as if the same had been contracted and secured on the Credit of the Tolls within the same Districts respectively granted or made payable by this Act; and that all Contracts entered into, and all Bonds, Conveyances, Deeds, and other Instruments in Writing duly made and executed by and between the Trustees appointed or acting under the Authority of the said recited Acts, or any of them, and any other Person or Persons whomsoever, shall stand, remain, continue, and be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every, Book and Books in which any Entry or Entries of any Proceeding or Proceedings of any of the Trustees, or other Person or Persons acting by and under the Authority of the said recited Acts, or any of them, or such Entry or Entries being made in such Book or Books according to the Directions of, and rendered Evidence by the said Acts, or any of them, shall be good and sufficient Evidence of such Proceedings in any Court whatsoever; any thing, herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any of the Trustees hereby named and appointed, or who shall be elected and appointed in the Manner herein-after mentioned, shall die, or by Writing under their respective Hands refuse to act in the Execution of this Act, it shall be lawful for the surviving or continuing Trustees from Time to Time, at any Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act upon either of the said Districts of Road, by Writing under their respective Hands, to elect and appoint some fit Person to be a Trustee in the Room of every or any Trustee so dying or refusing to act as aforesaid, Ten Days previous Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting of the said Trustees for every such Election being given by the Clerk or Treasurer, herein-after directed to be appointed, by affixing such Notice in Writing upon all the Turnpike Gates then erected across the said Roads, and by inserting the same in some Newspaper printed or generally circulated in the said County of Lincoln; and every Person who shall be elected and appointed a Trustee pursuant to the Directions of this Act, shall and may act with the surviving and continuing Trustees in the Execution of this Act (having first taken the Oath of Qualification herein-before directed to be taken by Trustees), to all Intents and Purposes, as if he had been named and appointed Trustee in and by this Act.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this. Act. unless he shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, seised of or entitled to the Rents and Profits of Freehold or Copyhold Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds

469

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxii.

Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be Heir Apparent to some Person or Persons seised of or entitled to the Rents and Profits of Freehold or Copyhold Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds above Reprizes or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or Real and Personal Estate together, of the Amount or Value of Four thousand Pounds, above what will be sufficient to pay all his just Debts; and if any Person not being so qualified shall presume to act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debror on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and every Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, upon Proof being given of his having acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this The Acts of Act: Provided always, that all Acts which shall have been done by any unqualified Person acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, shall, previous to his being convicted of such Offence, be as valid and effectual as if sha

such Person had been duly qualified to act in the Execution of this be valid. Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Trustee before he shall act Trustees to as such (except in administering the following Oath) shall take an Oath be sworn, before One or more of the said Trustees (who is and are hereby empowered to administer the same) in the Form or to the Effect following j

that is to say,

I A.B. do swear. That I am truly and bona fide in my own Right \_or The Oath, ‘.in Right of my Wifej seised of or entitled to the Rents and Pro-‘ fits of Freehold or Copyhold Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, of *, the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprizes:[And ‘ in case of an Heir Apparent] I A.B. do swear. That I am Heir Appa-‘ rent to C.D. who, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, is truly .* and bona fide seised of or entitled to the Rents and Profits of Freehold ‘ or Copyhold Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly

* Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds above Reprizes. [And in case 1 if Personal Estate alone, or of Real and Personal Estate together], I,

* A.B. do swear. That I am truly and bona fide possessed of a Personal

* Estate [or seised and possessed of a Real and Personal Estate together]

‘ of the Amount or Value of Four thousand Pounds above what will ‘ be sufficient to pay all my just Debts; and that I will truly and im-‘ partially, according to the best of my Judgment, execute and perform ‘ the several Powers, Authorities, and Trusts reposed in me as a Trustee ‘ by virtue of an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled [here set forth the Title of this ‘ Act.] So help me GOD. ’

VIII. And be it further enacted, That such of the Trustees acting Trustees in under or by virtue of this Act, for the Time being, as are or shall the Commis-be in the Commission of the Peace for the Parts of Kesteven in the jjon of the said County of Lincoln, or in the Commission of the Peace for the ^*11 j/

{.Local.] 6 C said tic*.

70 1" GEORGII IV. C^p.xxii.

said County of Rutland, or in the Commission of the Peace for the said County of Northampton, or who are or shall be Justices of the Peace within or for the Liberty of Peterborough, in the said County of Northampton, or who are or shall be Justices of the Peace within or for the Borough of Stamford aforesaid, shall and may act within their respective Divisions or Jurisdictions as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of lhis Act, notwithstanding such Justices respectively being Trustees as who are aforesaid j and that any Mortgagee or Assignee of any Mortgage or other Mortgagees Security, or any Lender of Money upon the Credit of any of the Tolls may act. granted by this Act, or receiving Interest for the same, shall not on that Account be deemed unqualified to act as a Trustee.

Trustees not

tkey hold Places of Profit.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons appointed or to be appointed a Trustee or Trustees for putting this Act into Execution, shall have or accept of any Place of Profit, or be concerned or interested in any Contract or Contracts under this Act, such Person or Persons shall be incapable of acting as a Trustee or Trustees during the Time of his or their holding such Place of Profit as aforesaid.

All Acts X. And be it further enacted, That all Proceedings, Matters, and

FiveTruT ^ings, relative to the Execution of this Act, may be done and executed tees, unless5" any Five or more of the Trustees for the Time being, except only in otherwise the Cases hereby particularly directed or authorized to be done or exe-directed. cuted by any greater or less Number of Trustees.

Meeting of

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at the Trustees. George and Angel Inn, in Stamford aforesaid, or at some other convenient House in the same Town, on the Day of the Commencement of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, and shall then proceed to carry this Act into Execution; and that the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, shall then, and from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn themselves to meet at the same Place, or at such other Place or Places in or near to the said Town of Stamford, and at such Times as they shall from Time to Time order and direct, for the Purpose of doing, performing, and transacting all Business, Matters, and Things, relative to the said respective Districts of Road; but no Adjournment of any Meeting on either of the said Districts of Road shall be made for a longer Time than Three Calendar Months; and for the Purpose of doing, performing, and transacting any Business, Matter, or Thing, relative to the Bourn District of Road, it shall be lawful for the Trustees to adjourn themselves to and hold a Meeting at the Bull Inn in the said Town of Bourn, or at some other convenient Place or Places in or near to the said Town of Bourn, Twice in every Year at the least, Half-yearly, or at such other Periods as they shall think proper; and if at any Meeting appointed to be holden by virtue of this Act, there shall not appear a sufficient Number of Trustees to act, or to adjourn to another Day; or in case the Trustees at any Meeting assembled, shall not adjourn themselves, the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Districts of Road respectively shall from Time to Time, as often as such Case shall happen, by Notice in Writing to be affixed upon all the Turnpike Gates then erected across the District of Road on which any such Omission or Default shall take place, at 6 least

471

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. xxii.

least Ten Days before the next intended Meeting* appoint the Trustees to meet at the Place where the last Meeting was appointed to have been holden, or at any other Place near thereto, on the Day Four Weeks next after the Day on which such last Meeting was appointed; provided that a General Annual Meeting of the Trustees for each of the said Districts shall be holden at some convenient Place within the said Town of Stamford, and not elsewhere.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if, after any Adjournment of the said Trustees on either of the said Districts, it shall at any Time be thought necessary that an earlier Day of Meeting should be appointed than the Day appointed by such Adjournment, in that Case, the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Districts of Road respectively, upon an Order in Writing, signed by any Three or more of the said Trustees (mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting), shall forthwith give Notice thereof, and of the Time, Place, and Purpose mentioned in such Order, in the Manner last herein-before directed (such Time not being less than Three Days after such Notice), and such earlier Meeting shall and may be held accordingly.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees at all their Meetings shall appoint One of the Trustees then present to preside as Chairman, and such Chairman shall have a decisive or casting Vote in all Cases where the Voices of the Trustees present shall be equally divided j and the Trustees at all their Meetings shall defray their own Expences.

XIV. And be it further enacted* That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or the Majority of them present at any Meeting which shall be held in pursuance of this Act upon either of the said Districts of Road, from Time to Time to make all necessary Orders, Directions, Appointments, Agreements, and Determinations in the Execution of this Act; and no such Order, Direction, Appointment, Agreement, or Determination shall be made, unless the Number of Trustees by this Act authorized to make the same shall be present, and the Majority of the Trustees present shall concur therein; and no such Order, Direction, Appointment, Agreement, or Determination, when made, shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless Fifteen Trustees at the least shall be present, and the Majority of them shall concur therein.

XV. And be it further enacted, That at the First or Second Meeting of the said Trustees for carrying this Act into Execution in the said respective Districts, or as soon after as conveniently may be, the Accounts of the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Districts of Road respectively shall be produced, examined, and settled, in case the same shall appear correct to the said Trustees, and the Balance of each Account (if any) shall be carried over to a new Account with the Trustees acting in Execution of this Act on each of the said Districts, who shall make such Orders for the Disposal of any Money that may appear to be in the Hands of such Treasurer or Treasurers, agreeable to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or for reimbursing him or them, or any Person or Persons whomsoever, out of the Monies hereby authorized to be raised, any Money that may appear to be due to him, her, or them respectively, with lawful Interest during the Forbearance thereof, as the said Trustees may think proper.

Meetings on Emergencies.

Trustees to appoint a Chairman.

How Orders of Trustees are to be

Accounts of Treasurers under the former Acts to be passed, and fresh Accounts to commence.

472

For Appointment of Offi-

Salaries, &c. to Officers.

How Officers to account.

Penalty on Refusal.

Same Person not to be Clerk and Treasurer.

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. xxii.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

Trustees, by Writing under their respective Hands, to appoint One or more Collector or Collectors of the said Tolls, and One or more Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Surveyor or Surveyors, upon and for each District of the said Road, and such other Officers as the said Trustees shall think necessary, and such Collectors, Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, and other Officers, or any of them, from Time to Time to remove, and on the Removal, Death, or Resignation of any of them, to appoint others in their Stead; and the said Trustees are hereby authorized to allow and pay to the several Collectors, Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, and other Officers, and to such Person or Persons as shall be assisting in the Execution of this Act, such Salaries and Allowances for their Trouble, Labour, and Service, as the said Trustees shall deem reasonable; and all such Officers and Persons shall from Time to Time, when thereunto required by the said Trustees, deliver to them or to such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose appoint, true, exact, and perfect Accounts in Writing under their respective Hands, of all the Monies which they and every of them respectively shall have received to that Time by virtue of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and for what Purpose, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their or any of their Hands to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, and not otherwise; and if any such Officer or Person shall refuse or neglect to give such Account, or to produce and deliver up such Vouchers as aforesaid, or to pay the Money due upon such Account in Manner aforesaid, or to deliver up to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Ten Days after being thereunto required by the said Trustees, all the Books, Papers, and Writings in his Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, then and in every or any of the said Cases, it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Division, District, or Place where the Officer or Person so making Default shall be or reside, and such Justices, upon Complaint thereof made to them by any Five or more of the said Trustees, are hereby authorized and required to make Enquiry touching such Refusal, Default, or Neglect, as well by the Confession of the Parties themselves respectively, as by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath the said Justices, or any of them, are and is hereby empowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward); and if any such Officer or Person shall be convicted of any of the Offences aforesaid, such Justices shall upon such Conviction commit him to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the same County or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall have given or made such true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded and agreed with the said Trustees (which Composition the Trustees are hereby empowered to make), and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as the said Trustees shall appoint, or until he shall have delivered up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or made Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees, provided that no Person shall be so committed, as last aforesaid, for a longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the same Person who

has

473

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxii.

has been or may be appointed to act as their Clerk in the Execution of the said recited Acts, or this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk, the Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or to appoint the Person who has been or may be appointed such Treasurer, or any Partner of such Treasurer, the Clerk to the said Trustees j and if any Person shall act in both the said Offices of Clerk and Treasurer, or being Partner of such Clerk shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of such Treasurer shall act as Clerk in the Execution of this Act, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said T rustees shall, and they ento* are hereby required, from Time to Time, and at all Times during the the Tnspee-Continuance of this Act, to order and direct a separate Book or Books tion of Trus-to be provided and kept by the Clerk of the said Trustees for the Time tees and being for each of the said Districts; in which Book or Books such Clerk Creditors* shall enter or cause to be entered true and regular Accounts of all Sums

of Money received, paid, laid out, and expended for or on account of the said Roads, and of the several Articles, Matters, and Things for which such Sums of Money shall have been disbursed, laid out, and paid, for or on Account of the said respective Districts, which Book or Books shall and may be produced and given in Evidence in all Prosecutions,

Cases of Appeal, Suits, or Actions, or any other Proceedings at Law or in Equity, touching or concerning any thing done in pursuance of the said former Acts, or either of them, or of this Act; and which Book or Books shall, at all seasonable Times, be open to the Inspection of the said Trustees, or any of them, or any Creditor or Creditors on the Tolls hereby granted, without Fee or Reward; and the said Trustees and Creditors respectively, or any of them, shall and may take Copies of or Extracts from the said Book or Books, or any Part or Parts thereof, without paying any thing for the same; and in case the Clerk, or any Person who shall have the Care and Custody of the said Book or Books, shall refuse or neglect, on Demand, to permit such Trustees or Creditors, or any of them, to inspect the same, or to take such Copies or Extracts as aforesaid, the Clerk or Person offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Incapacity, Trustees may or Absence of any Collector of the Tolls, it shall be lawful for any Three appoint tem-or more of the said Trustees, though not assembled at any Meeting ap- f01^ Col‘ pointed in pursuance of this Act, by any Writing under their respective ectors* Hands, to nominate and appoint a proper Person to be a Collector of the said Tolls, to continue until the then next Meeting of the said Trustees, in the Place or Stead of such Collector as shall so die, or become incapable, or absent himself.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall, and they Treasurers, are hereby required to take such Security from the Treasurer or Trea- ^c-to. Siv* surers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, and from any Security* other Officers to be appointed in pursuance or for the Purposes of this

[Local'] 6 D Act,

474 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxii.

Act, for the faithful Execution of their respective Offices, as the said Trustees shall think proper.

Trustees may

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be

sue/tathe 3U^ or concern'ng any thing which shall be done contrary to or Nameof 6 by virtue of this Act, upon either of the said Districts of Roads, in the their Clerk Nameof their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time or Treasurer. being of that District of Road, upon or concerning which the Matter, Cause, or Subject of Suit, Litigation, or Controversy shall arise or happen; and that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by the Direction of or against the said Trustees, in the Name of the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers of either of the said Districts, by virtue of this Act, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, or by the Act or Acts of such Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, without the Consent of the said Trustees j but that the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, of the said Districts of Road respectively, shall be deemed to be Plaintiff or Defendant, Plaintiffs or Defendants, as the Case may be, in every such Action; and every such Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, in whose Name or Names any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, on the respective District upon or concerning which such Action or Suit shall have originated, all such Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences as by the Event, or in consequence of any such Action or Proceeding, he or they shall respectively pay, bear, expend, or be put unto, or become chargeable with, by reason of his or their being made Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, as aforesaid.

Actions

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in any Action to be

against Clerk brought by the said Trustees against the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or anf Toabe Treasurers for the Time being, of either of the said respective Districts brought iu of Road, the same shall be commenced and prosecuted in the Name of the Name of One of the Trustees for executing this Act; and that no such Action shall abate or be discontinued by reason of the Death or Resignation, or by the Act of such Trustee, without the Consent of the Trustees for executing this Act, or any Seven or more of them; but that such Trustee in whose Name any such Action shall be brought, shall be deemed to be Plaintiff in every such Action, and shall be fully reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act on the respective District upon or concerning which any such Action or Suit shall have originated, all such Damages, Costs, Charges and Expences, as by the Event, or in consequence of any such Action or Proceeding, he shall pay, bear, expend, or be put unto, or become chargeable with, by reason of his being made such Plaintiff as aforesaid.

a Trustee.

erect Toll Gates.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, or such other Person or Persons as they shall appoint, shall and may upon each of the said Districts of Road continue, erect, or otherwise provide such and so many Toll Gates or Turnpikes in, upon, or across such Parts, and in such Places of the said respective Districts hereby directed to be repaired, and also such and so many Toll Gates or Turnpikes on the Sides of the said Districts of Road 2 respectively.

1° GEORGII IV. C«/>.xxii. 475

respectively, and in, upon, or across any Lane or Bye-way that doth or shall lead into or out of the same, as the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them shall think proper; and also shall and may continue, erect, or otherwise provide a Toll House to each of the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes, with suitable Buildings and other Conveniences thereto; and inclose from the Sides of the said Roads convenient Gardens for the same, not exceeding Two Roods to each Toll House; and also shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time, when and as often as they shall think proper, to cause any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes which now are, or hereaf ter shall be erected in, upon, or across, or on the Sides of the said Districts of Road respectively, to be removed and to be erected in, upon, across, or on the Side of such other Part or Parts of the said respective District as the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them shall from Time to Time order and direct, but no additional Toll Gate shall be erected or provided, nor shall any Toll Gate or Turnpike be removed as aforesaid, unless Twenty-one Days previous Notice of the Intention of erecting and providing, or of removing the same (as the Case may be) shall have been affixed in Writing upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes then erected across the District of Road on which any additional Toll Gate or Turnpike intended to be erected, or any Toll Gate or Turnpike intended to be removed, are or shall be situate, and also inserted in some Newspaper, printed or circulated in the said County of Lincoln.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Right, Interest, and Pro- Toll Houses, perty of and in all the 'foil Gates or Turnpikes and Toll Houses now &c- vested in erected, or which shall or may be hereafter erected and provided in pur- treasurer°F suance of this Act, with the several Conveniences and Appurtenances thereto respectively belonging, and the Materials of which the same shall consist, and all Materials, Matters, and Things, which shall be purchased or provided for the Purposes of this Act on each of the said respective Districts of Road, shall be vested in the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Districts of Road respectively for the Time being, and he and they is and are hereby empowered to sell, assign, transfer, apply and dispose of the same as Occasion shall require, and as the said Trustees from Time to Time shall order, direct, and appoint, and under the like Order, Direction, and Appointment of the said Trustees, to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions, or to prefer and prosecute any Indictment or Indictments against any Person or Persons who shall dig up, break, or pull down, steal, take, or carry away, spoil, destroy, injure, or damage any of the said Toll Gates, Turnpikes, or Toll Houses, or any of the Conveniences and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, or any of the Materials, Matters, or Things aforesaid, or any Fences which shall be made or repaired by the said Trustees, or who shall do any act to hinder or obstruct any Person or Persons employed by the said Trustees in the Execution of this Act; and in any such Action, Indictment, or other Proceeding for the Purposes aforesaid, upon either of the said Districts of Roads, it shall be sufficient to state any of the Property,

Matters or Things hereby declared to be vested in the said Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, to be the Property of the Clerk or Clerks,

Treasurer or Treasurers of the Wansford. District of Road, or Bourn District of Road (as the Case may be), appointed under or by virtue of

476

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxii.

an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled [here set forth the Title of this -Act], without naming or otherwise describing them.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the several Tolls herein-after particularly mentioned shall be demanded and taken at each and every of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes which shall be continued, erected, or provided in pursuance of this Act, upon each of the said Districts of Road, or on the Side or Sides thereof respectively, or in, upon, or across any Lane or Byeway leading into or out of the same or either of them (except as herein-after is expressly directed or provided to the contrary), before any Horse, Cattle, Carriage, or other Thing upon which any Toll is by this Act imposed, shall be permitted to pass through the same; that is to say,

For every Horse or other Beast of Draught, drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Chaise, Curricle, Calash, Hearse, Chaise Marine, Chair, Gig, Whiskey, Taxed Cart or other Carriage of the like Kind, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse or other Beast of Draught, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage of the like Kind, having the Wheels of the Breadth of Six or more Inches, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Horse or other Beast of Draught, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage of the like Kind, having the Wheels thereof of a less Breadth than Six Inches, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Four-wheeled.Carriage in any Manner fixed to any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage drawing, if empty. One Shilling; but if in any Manner laden, or having any Person therein, Two Shillings:

For every Two-wheeled Carriage having any Person therein, or being laden in any Manner, fixed to any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage drawing, the Sum of One Shilling; and unladen or empty, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Pair of Mill Stones, or Block or Blocks of Timber, drawn by Five or more Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mule, or Ass laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny.

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score; and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

And for every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score; and so in proportion for any greater or less Number.

Exemptions

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Waggons, not°to be Carts, and other such Carriages having the Wheels and Axletrees formed

affected. as directed by an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to enable the Trustees of Turnpike Roads to abate the Tolls on Carriages, and to allow of their carrying extra Weights in certain Cases, and the Horses and other Cattle drawing the same, shall have and enjoy the Privileges and Exemptions granted thereby.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxii. 477

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the several Collectors of the ^j^tors to Tolls granted by this Act shall, on Receipt of such Tolls, deliver to the -pickets. Person or Persons paying the same, a Ticket or Tickets, denoting such Payment, and specifying and naming thereon the Gate or Gates (if any)

freed from Toll by such Payment.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person Tolls not to or Persons who shall have paid the 'lolls or Duty for passing through beaBa, nPa, d any of the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates on either of the said Districts of p^Gatesf Road respectively, shall be liable to pay any Toll or Duty for repassing

through the same Turnpikes or Toll Gates, or any of them on the same District on which such Toll has been paid, with the same Horses, Cattle,

Beasts, and Carriages on the same Day, to be computed from Twelve o’Clock in one Night to Twelve o’clock in the succeeding Night, such Person producing a Ticket denoting the Payment of such Toll; but that all and every Person and Persons who shall have passed and repassed once in the same Day through the same Turnpikes or Toll Gates as aforesaid, on either of the said Districts of Road respectively, shall afterwards be subject and liable to the Payment of the like Toll or Duty for every subsequent Time such Horses, Cattle, Beasts, or Carriages shall pass or pass and repass through the same Turnpike or Toll Gate during the same Day; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no more Number of than the several Tolls herein-after mentioned shall be demanded or taken T?1, st0 be from any Person or Persons for passing and repassing the same Day with ta en' the same Horse or Horses, Cattle, Beast or Beasts, or Carriage or Carriages through all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes erected or to be erected

upon or on the Sides of the said Road; that is to say, no more than Three Tolls within the said Wandsford District, and no more than Three Tolls within the said Bourn District.

XXX. And whereas the several Tolls now payable by virtue of the For vacating said recited Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His said late jte![fe3 of Majesty, with the several Toll Houses and Appurtenances thereunto be- ° s' longing, situate upon the said Districts of Road respectively, are now on

Lease for the 'Term of Three Years, expiring the First Day of November next; and it being expedient to vacate the same, be it therefore enacted,

That from and after the First Day of July next ensuing the passing of this Act, the said several Leases, and all and singular the Powers, Provisoes, Clauses, Covenants, Articles, and Things therein contained, shall cease, determine, and be of none effect; and that it shall be lawful to and for the said Trustees to enter into Possession of the said Tolls, Toll Houses, and Appurtenances respectively; and for the Purpose of making Compensation and Satisfaction to the Lessees for the Loss or Damage (if any) they may respectively sustain by the Vacation of such Leases, it shall be lawful to and for the said Trustees to enquire into and estimate the Amount of all such Loss or Damage as nearly as the same can be ascertained; and forthwith to pay out of the Monies which may be in the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Districts of Road respectively, or which shall be received under or by virtue of this Act, all such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be by them deemed and considered an Equivalent or Compensation for the Loss or Damage the said Lessees or any or [Local, j 6 E either

478

Compelling Payment of Tolls.

For settling Disputes concerning Tolls.

Collectors

competent

Witnesses.

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. ii.

either of them may have sustained by the vacating of their respective Leases.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Tolls or Sums of Money by this Act granted upon each of the said Districts of Road, shall be demanded and taken by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time authorize and appoint to receive the same; and if any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of any such Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, upon either of the said Districts respectively, shall, after Demand thereof made by any Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons authorized to receive the same, either at the Gate, Bar, or Chain, where such Tolls shall be collected, or immediately after passing through the same, neglect or refuse to pay the said Tolls, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so authorized, by himself, herself, or themselves, or taking such Assistance as he, she, or they, shall think necessary, to seize and distrain any Horse or Cattle, Beast or Carriage, or other Thing upon which any Toll is by this Act imposed, or any of the Loading, Harness, or Accoutrements thereof respectively (but not the Bridle or Halter apart from the Horse or other Beast), or any of the Goods and Chattels of or in the Possession of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the same; and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Costs of taking and keeping such Distress, shall not be paid within the Space of Four Days after the Day of making the same, the Person or Persons so distraining, shall and may, at any Time or Times thereafter, sell the Horse, Cattle, Beast, Carriage, Goods and Chattels so distrained, and out of the Money which shall arise by such Sale, pay or retain such Tolls, and all reasonable Charges incurred by such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus of the Money which shall arise by such Sale, and what shall remain unsold (if any), upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners thereof, or Person or Persons in whose Possession or Custody the same were, was, or appeared to be, at the Time of the taking any such Distress.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall happen concerning any Tolls due, or the Charges occasioned by any such Distress as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so distraining to retain such Distress, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof, until the Quantity of the Tolls, and the Charges of such Distress, shall be ascertained by some Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Division, or District in which such Distress shall be made; who upon Application made to him or them for that Purpose, shall examine the Matter by Oath of the Parties, or of a Witness or Witnesses, and shall determine the Tolls due, and assess and award such Costs to be paid by either of the Parties to the other of them as he or they shall think just and reasonable; and in case of Nonpayment thereof on Demand, such Costs shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party liable to pay the same, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation shall arise touching or in any Way relating to the said Tolls, the Lessee or Lessees thereof, or the Person or Persons appointed to collect the same, or any other Person or Persons acting under the Authority of

13 the

479

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxii.

the said Trustees, shall not be incompetent, on account of his being so appointed or acting, to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Toll Collector, For punish-being Lessee of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Dis- "8mILod- tricts of Road respectively, or appointed or continued either by the said duct> Trustees or by any such Lessee or Lessees to collect the Tolls payable at

any Turnpike or Toll Gate, to be continued or erected by virtue of this Act, upon either of the said Districts of Road respectively, shall and he and she is hereby required to place his or her Christian and Surname painted on a Board in legible Characters in the Front, or some other conspicuous Part of the Toll House or Toll Gate immediately on his or her coming on Duty, each of the Letters of such Name or Names to be at least One Inch in Length, and of a Breadth in proportion, and painted either in White Letters on a Black Ground, or in Black Letters on a White Ground; and shall continue the same, so placed, during the whole Time he or she shall be upon Duty; and if any Collector of the said Tolls shall not place such Board as aforesaid, and keep the same there during the Time aforesaid, or shall demand or take a greater or less Toll from any Person or Persons than he or she shall be authorized to do by Law, or by virtue or in pursuance of the Orders and Resolutions of the Trustees made in pursuance thereof, or shall demand and take a Toll from any Person or Persons who shall be exempt from the Payment thereof, and claim such Exemption, or shall refuse to permit or suffer, or in any wise hinder any Person or Persons from reading such Christian or Surname, or shall refuse to tell his or her Christian or Surname to any Person or Persons who shall demand the same, on having paid the said Tolls, or any of them, or shall in answer to any such Demand give a false Name or Names, or shall refuse or neglect to give a Ticket, denoting the Payment of the Toll, and naming and specifying the several Gates (if any) freed by such Payment (all which Tickets the Collectors are hereby required to deliver gratis on Payment of such Toll), or shall unnecessarily detain any Passenger or Passengers, or shall make use of any scurrilous or abusive Language to any Traveller or Travellers, Passenger or Passengers, then and in every such Case every such Toll Collector shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, as the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted shall adjudge and determine to be paid for every such Offence.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Tolls may Trustees from Time to Time, when and as often as they shall think be varied, proper, to lessen all or any of the Tolls herein-before granted or made payable by virtue of this Act, upon each or either of the said Districts of

Road, and to raise the same again, so as they do not at any Time exceed the Tolls by this Act granted or made payable by virtue of this Act; and so as every such Reduction be made with the Consent of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to Four-fifth Parts of the Money then due on Security of the said Tolls, payable upon the District on which such Reduction shall be made, and so as that such Reductions shall be general; and such Tolls so varied, and every of them, shall be collected, recovered, and applied, as the Tolls hereby granted and authorized to be taken, are directed to be collected, recovered, and applied j but no such

Alteration

480

Materials for repairing

Manure.

Grass, Hay, &c. the Property of the Grower.

Horses employed in Husbandry.

Horses, &c. going to or from Water or Pasture,

Persons attending Places of Worship.

Royal Family. Soldiers.

Vagrants.

Elections.

1* GEORGII III. Cap. xxii.

Alteration shall be made after the Second Meeting of the said Trustees, unless Twenty-one Days previous Notice thereof shall be affixed in Writing upon all the Turnpikes then erected across the District of Road on which such Variation is intended to be made, and also inserted in some Newspaper printed or generally circulated in the County of Lincoln.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Cattle or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying, or in going to carry or convey, or returning empty from carrying or conveying on the same Day, any Stone, Brick, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing the said Districts of Road respectively; or for repairing the Highways in any Parish or Place through which or into which any Part of the said Roads pass; or laden only with Dung, Marl, Soil, or other Manure (Lime excepted), to be used in manuring of Lands or Grounds; or with any Grass, Hay, Clover, Fodder of any Sort, Straw or Corn in the Straw, not sold or disposed of or going to be sold or disposed of, but to be laid up in any of the Houses, Outhouses, Yards, Barns or Premises of any of the respective Inhabitants or Occupiers of Land, within the said respective Parishes or Places; nor for any Cattle drawing or going with, or going empty or returning empty after being laden only with any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry belonging to any such Inhabitant or Occupier, nor for any Horse or Horses, or other Cattle going to or from Water, Pasture or Plough, or other Work in Husbandry, upon or in any of the Lands within any of the said several Parishes or Places; or going to be or returning from being shoed or far-ried; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken of or from any Rector, Vicar or Curate going to officiate or returning from officiating at any Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship, or when visiting his sick Parishioners, or upon any other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty, or by any other Person or Persons going to or returning from his, her, or their Parochial Church or Chapel, or from any Person going to or returning from his or her usual Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for the Purpose of attending the Funeral of any Person or Persons who shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes or Places; or of any Horses or Carriages employed or to be employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster-General, or in returning back from carrying or guarding the same, or any Horses or Carriages attending His Majesty or any of the Royal Family; or for the Horses of Soldiers upon their March, or upon Duty, or for Horses, Cattle or Carriages attending, or laden only with their Arms or Baggage, or employed in conveying any sick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers, or for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, or the Horse or Horses or other Cattle drawing the same, which shall be employed in conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat or other Public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces; or for Horses or Carriages travelling with Vagrants sent by legal Passes; or for any Coaches, Berlins, or Landaus, Sociables, Chariots, Curricles, Calashes, Chaises, Phaetons, Whiskeys, Chairs, or other Carriages or Passengers on Horseback, going to or returning from any Election of any Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the Counties of Northampton, Lincoln, or Rut-

land

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxir.

land respectively, or on the Day before or Day after such Election or Elections respectively shall begin or be concluded, the Persons travelling thereby being Freeholders and entitled to vote at such Election or Elections; and that no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding furnished by or for any Person or Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided that such Person shall be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have the Arms, Furniture, and Accoutre--ments, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons shall in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the same, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or driving, or causing to be driven, any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, provided and used only for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat, or other Public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, shall be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture for Overweight; nor shall any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage be stopped or detained by reason of any Weight in such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or by being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen; but it shall be lawful for any Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, to put any Number of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever owning or occupying any Lands or Grounds near to the said Roads, shall knowingly or wilfully permit or suffer any Person or Persons (save and except his, her, or their Servant or Servants, or any Person or Persons in his, her, or their Employ, or any of his or their Family), to pass through any inclosed Ground, Gate, Passage, or private Way, with any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage, on which a Toll is by this Act imposed, with an Intent to evade the Payment of the said Toll; or if any Person or Persons owning, going in, or driving any such Carriage, or owning, riding, or driving any such Horse, Beast, or Cattle, shall therewith pass through any such Ground, Gate, Passage, or private Way (not being the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, nor any of his, her, or their Servant or Servants, or a Person or Persons in his, her, or their Employ, or Part of his, her, or their Family), with Intent to evade the Payment of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall unload, or cause to be unloaded, any Goods or other Things, or shall take off, or cause to be taken off, any Horse or Beast of Draught, from any Carriage, and having passed through any of the said Toll Gates, shall afterwards add or put any Horse or Beast to any Carriage for the Purpose of drawing the same, upon any Part of the said Roads, or either of them, with Intent to avoid

{Local.] 6 F or

481

Yeomanry.

Penalty on unlawfully claiming Exemptions.

Carriages conveying Military Stores not to be subject to the Penalties for Overweight.

482

Roads may be stopped to prevent eyading Tolls.

Power to compound for Tolls.

Power to lease Tolls.

1* GEORGII IV. Cap. xxii.

or evade the Payment of any of the Tolls hereby imposed, or shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or shall deliver to or receive from any other Person or Persons (except the Person or Persons appointed to receive the Tolls hereby made payable), any Note or Ticket, with Intent to avoid or evade the Payment of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, or if any Person or Persons liable to the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall forcibly pass or attempt to pass any of the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes, without Payment thereof at such Gate or Gates, each and every Person and Persons in any Manner aforesaid offending, and being thereof convicted on the Oath of one or more competent Witness or Witnesses, before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County or District wherein any such Offence shall be committed (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to administer), shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, One Moiety whereof, when raised, shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Treasurer to the Trustees of the said Districts of Road respectively, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for any such County, Division, or District within their respective Jurisdiction at any Special Session, by Order under their Hands and Seals, to stop up and discontinue any Bye-lane or Road opening into or communicating with either of the said Districts of Roads, by Means whereof the Tolls hereby made payable or any of them can or may be evaded, if they shall think proper so to do; but subject to such private or Occupation Roads, if any, as they shall think necessary i so that public Notice be given of the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Special Session, in the same Manner as by an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of iHis late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways, in so far as the same relates to Notice of Appeal against turning or diverting a Public Highway, and to extend the Provisions of the fame Act as to stopping up of unnecessary Roads, is directed with respect to the stopping up of unnecessary Roads; which Order shall be subject to Appeal in like Manner as in the said last-mentioned Act is provided or mentioned with respect to Orders for stopping up unnnecessary Roads.

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees from Time to Time as they shall see convenient, to compound and agree for any Term not exceeding One Year at any one Time, with all or any of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, Townships, or Districts, into or through which the said Two Districts of Roads respectively lead, for the Passage of their Horses, Cattle, or Carriages through all or any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes, erected or to be erected on the said Roads, or on the Sides thereof.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said trustees, from Time to Time to lease and demise the Tolls granted by this Act upon the said Districts of Road respectively, or either of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, for any Term not exceeding Three Years, for the best Rept or Price that can be reasonably gotten for the same, payable at such Times and in such Manner, and with, under, and subject to such Covenants, Conditions, and Agreements as the said Trustees shall 3 think

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxii. 488

think fit; they the said Trustees having a Duplicate or Countei part of such Lease or Leases, and taking such other sufficient Security for Payment of the Rents and Performance of the Covenants to be reserved and comprised in such Lease or Leases as the said Trustees shall think fit; provided always, that One Calendar Month previous Notice thereof in Writing be given by affixing the same upon all the Turnpikes erected across the District of Road upon which such Tolls intended to be let are payable j and by inserting the same in some Newspaper printed and circulated in the said County of Lincoln.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Tolls from all or any To enable of the Turnpikes, Toll Gates, or Weighing Engines, erected or to be Trustees to erected upon either District of the said Roads, shall at any Time or Times be demised or let to farm to any Person or Persons whomsoever, and the Houses, &c. Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, to whom the said Tolls shall rein the Hands spectively be demised or let, shall neglect or refuse to perform the Terms o{ Lessees, and Conditions on which the same shall be so demised or let, or in case collector»or the Rent or Rents agreed to be paid by such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, or any Part or Instalment thereof, shall be in Arrear and unpaid by the Space of Thirty Days next after the Days on which the same ought to be paid, pursuant to the Contract and Agreement for letting the same} or if any Collector or Receiver of the Tolls who shall be discharged from his said Office by the said Trustees, or the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or Representatives of any Collector or Receiver who shall die, abscond, absent himself, or be discharged, or auy other Person or Persons, shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of any Toll House or Toll Houses, or Engine or Engines, with the Buildings and Appurtenances respectively thereto belonging, for the Space of Two Days next after Demand thereof in Writing, signed by any Five of the Trustees, or by their Clerk or Treasurer respectively, with their Authority, and left in such Toll House or Houses, or the Residence of the Person or Persons employed to collect the Duties at such Engine or Engines, then and in any of the said Cases it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where the Premises shall be situate, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order the Constable, or other Peace Officer of the Parish or Place where the Premises shall be situate, or any other Person or Persons to whom such Warrant shall be especially directed, to enter into and upon the Possession of such Toll House or Houses, or Weighing Engine or Engines, and other Buildings and Premises, in the Day-time, and remove the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods out of the same, and from the Collection of the Tolls or Duties there payable, and to put the said Trustees, or any of their Officers, or any other Person or Persons appointed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, into Possession thereof, and on such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, or any other Person or Persons employed by or in Possession under them, being so put out of Possession as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, if they shall think fit, to vacate and determine the Lease or Leases, or Contract or Agreement for leasing and letting the said Tolls or Duties to such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, and the same shall accordingly be utterly void to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Demise, Contract, or Agreement, had never been made (save as to the Covenants or Agreements for the Payment of.

484

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxii.

the Rent or Rents thereby reserved and made payable, and any Bond or other Security for Performance thereof respectively); and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, in every such Case to demise or let to farm the said Tolls or Duties again to any other Person or Persons, in the same Manner as if no former Demise, Contract, or Agreement had been made or entered Jinto relative to the same.

Power for

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said borrowing Trustees on each of the said Districts of Road respectively, at any of Securit °of their Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, to borrow and take the Toils. up at Interest upon the Credit of the Tolls to arise by virtue of this Act upon the said respective Districts, in such Manner as they shall think proper, any Sum or Sums of Money they shall think fit to borrow upon each or either of the said Districts for all or any of the Purposes of this Act, giving Twenty-one Days previous Notice thereof in Writing, to be affixed on all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes then erected across the District in which such Money is intended to be borrowed, and to be published in some Newspaper printed or circulated in the said County of Lincoln; and they the said Trustees are hereby empowered from Time to Time, at any of their Meetings by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, to assign over or mortgage the respective Tolls or Duties hereby granted on the said respective Districts of Road, or any Part or Proportion, Parts or Proportions thereof respectively, during the Continuance of this Act (the Charges of such Assignments and Mortgages to be paid out of the Tolls arising on the respective District in which such Money shall be borrowed) as a Security or Securities to any Person or Persons who shall advance such Sum or Sums of Money respectively, his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, and to their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Money so to be advanced, with such Interest for the same as shall be agreed upon in that Behalf, which Mortgage may be in the Form or to the Effect following; that is to say,

tjY virtue of an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His T- Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled [here set forth the Title

• of this Jet], we, Five of the Trustees for executing the said Act, in

• Consideration of the Sum of, paid to the Treasurer

• of the District of the said Road by, do assign

unto the said such Proportion of the Tolls arising or to

' arise upon the District of the said Road as the said Sum

• of shall bear to the whole of the Principal Money for

• the Time being due on Security of the said Tolls, to hold the same

unto the said his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns,

‘ until the said Sum of, with Interest at the Rate

• of per Centum per Annum shall be fully paid. Dated this

• Day of in the Year of our Lord . ’

Copies to be And Copies of all such Mortgages shall be entered in a Book or Books entered. to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Districts of Road respectively, and which said Book or Books shall and may at all seasonable Times be perused and inspected without Fee or Reward; and it shall be lawful for all Persons respectively to whom any Mortgages shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be from Time to Time entitled to the Money thereby secured, to assign and transfer his, her, or their Right,

Title,

485

1* GEORGII IV. Cap. xxii.

Title, and Interest in or to such Mortgage, and the Principal Money and Interest thereby secured, to any other Person or Persons whomsoever; which Transfer shall be produced and notified to the said Clerk or Treasurer respectively, within Three Calendar Months next after the Day of the Date thereof, who shall enter the same in the said Book or Books, for which Entry the said Clerk or Treasurer shall be paid the Sum of Five Shillings and no more, and such Transfer shall then entitle such Assignee, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the full Benefit of such Mortgage Security; and every such Assignee may in the like Manner assign and transfer the same, and so toties quoties and after such Entry as aforesaid, it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons who shall have made such Transfer, to release, discharge, or make void the original Mortgage Security, or the Monies due thereon, or any Part thereof.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Persons to whom any Mortgage or Transfer shall be made as aforesaid, shall, in proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money thereby secured, be Creditors on the Tolls by this Act granted upon the respective Districts of the said Road upon which such Mortgages or Assignments respectively shall be made, in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing their Monies or of the Dates of their respective Securities; save and except such Sum or Sums of Money which the said Trustees shall deem expedient to borrow upon either of the said Districts of Road for the Purpose of liquidating and discharging the Costs and Expences incurred by the obtaining of this Act, or for the paying or discharging to any Person or Persons any Demand or Balance of his, her, or their Account or Accounts which, at the said First or Second Meeting of the Trustees, to be held in pursuance of this Act, shall be stated and appear to the said Trustees to be due and owing to any such Person or Persons respectively, and which Sum or Sums (if any) so to be borrowed for the Purpose last aforesaid, and the Security or Securities upon which the same are held, shall have Priority, and be first paid and discharged from and out of the Tolls arising out of the District of Road on the Credit of which such Money shall be borrowed or taken up; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies which before the Day of the Commencement of this Act shall have been raised and produced upon the said District of Road called the Wamford District, and which shall be undisposed of on the Day of the Commencement of this Act, and also all the Monies which shall arise and be produced by or from the Tolls by this Act granted or made payable upon the said District, together with the Monies which shall be borrowed upon the Credit thereof, and all other Monies which shall arise and be produced by virtue of this Act upon the same District, and not herein otherwise appropriated or directed to be applied, shall be vested in the said Trustees for the Time being, and be applied to and for the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes, and in the Order and Manner following; that is to say, in the First Place in Payment of Three-fourth Parts of the whole of the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to or attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, and in discharging the Balances (if any) which shall be due to the Trea-[Local~\ 6 G surer

No Priority

amongst

Mortgagees,

except as to Money borrowed for Payment of the Expences of this Act, &c.

Application of the Money upon the Wansford District.

486

1° GEORGII W, Cajj.xKii.

surer or Treasurers of the same District, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, with lawful Interest for the .same during the Forbearance thereof; in the Second Place, in paying the Interest accruing upon the several Principal Sums of Money which shall from Time to Time be due and owing on Mortgage or Security of the Tolls granted by this Act upon the said District; in the Third Place, in defraying the Expences of erecting and providing Turnpikes, Toll Houses, and other Buildings, and of repairing the same, and of altering, widening, turning, repairing, and improving the same District of Road, and purchasing Lands for those Purposes, and of executing the several other Powers, Purposes, and Trusts of this Act; and lastly, in reducing, paying off, and discharging such several Principal Sums as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees from Time to Time to ascertain the Order and Priority in which the same several Principal Sums shall be reduced or paid off and, discharged, by Ballot, or in such other Way and Manner as they shall think fit.

Application

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That all Monies which before the of the Money Day of the Commencement of this Act shall have been raised and pro-Bourn^Dis- ^uced upon the said District of Road called the Bourn District, and which tr; ct shall be undisposed of on the Day of the Commencement of this Act,

and also all the Monies which shall arise and be produced by or from the Tolls by this Act granted or made payable upon the said District, together with the Monies which shall be borrowed upon the Credit thereof, and all pther Monies which shall arise and be produced by virtue of this Act upon the same District, and not herein otherwise appropriated or directed to be applied, shall be vested in the said Trustees for the Time being, and be applied to and for the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes, and in the Order and Manner following; that is to say, in the First Place, in Payment of One-fourth Part of the whole Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to or attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, and in discharging the Balance, if any, which shall be due to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the same District, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, with lawful Interesr for the same during the Forbearance thereof; in the Second Place, in paying the Interest accruing upon the several Principal Sums of Money which shall from Time to Time be due and owing on Mortgage or Security of the Tolls granted by this Act upon the same District; in the Third Place, in defraying the Expences of erecting and providing Turnpikes, Toll Houses, and other Buildings, and repairing the same, and of altering, widening, turning, repairing, and improving the said District of Road, and purchasing Lands for those Purposes, and of executing the several other Powers, Purposes, and Trusts of this Acts; and lastly, in reducing, paying off, and discharging such several Principal Sums as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees from Time to Time to ascertain the Order and Priority in which the same Principal Sums shall be reduced or paid off and discharged, by Ballot, or in such other Way or Manner as they shall think fit.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Mortgagee or Mortgagees of the Tolls arising upon either of the said Districts of Road, shall seek to obtain Possession of the said Tolls, or the Toll Gates or Turnpikes erected or to be erected thereon, in order to pay himself) herself.

Ejectment may be supported by One Mortgagee.

487

V GEORGII IV. 'Gap.xxii.

self, Dr themselves the Principal Money and Interest, or any Part thereof, due to him, her, or them, it shall be competent for him, her, or them, as Lessor or Lessors of the Plaintiff, and upon his, her, or their Demise orily, and without uniting in such Demise the other Mortgagees of the said Tolls and Premises, to obtain such Possession; but such Person or Persons who shall obtain the Possession thereof shall not apply the Tolls which may consequently be received by him, her, or them, to his, her, or their own exclusive Use and Benefit, but to and for the Use and Benefit of all the Mortgagees of the said Tolls, pari passu, and in proportion to the several Sums which may be due to them as such Mortgagees.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyor or Surveyors of Materials the said Districts of Road respectively, and such Persons as shall be em* ployed by him or them, or by the said Trustees, is and are empowered to cut, 'vithotu^’ay-dig, gather, and take away any Stone, Gravel, Sand, or any other Mate- ing for them; rials proper for repairing the said Roads, or any Arches or Bridges in or upon the same, or on the Side or Sides thereof, out of or from any Commons, Moors, or Waste Grounds, common River or Brook, in any Parish, Township, or Place in which any Part of the said Roads shall lie or be situate, or in any adjoining Parish, Township, or Place, without paying any thing for the same, such Surveyor or other Persons sloping down the Banks or Pits where such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing such Pits or Quarries, so that the same may not be dangerous to Passengers and Cattle; and where there is not sufficient of any such and in pri-Materials to be procured in any Commons or Waste Grounds, common Tate Lands, River or Brook, the said Surveyor or Surveyors or other Persons as t^sfactfoif^ aforesaid, may, by Order of any Two Justices of the Peace for the County or District in which the Materials intended to be taken are situate, search for, cut, dig, gather, take, or carry away all such Materials as aforesaid, in, upon, or out of, from, and over the Lands of any Person or Persons in any Parish, Township, or Place, in which any Part of the said Roads shall lie or be situate (not being a Yard, Orchard, Garden,

Park, Paddock, or Plantation, or Nursery for Trees), making such Compensation and Satisfaction for such Materials, and for the Damage done to the Owners or Occupiers of the Lands and Grounds from whence the same shall be cut, gathered, taken, or carried away, or over which the same or any other Materials so cut, dug, and gathered as aforesaid shall be conveyed, as any Two Justices of the Peace, at their Petty Sessions within their respective Jurisdictions, shall, in case of any Difference between such Owners or Occupiers and the said Trustees, judge reasonable.

XLIX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Surveyor or any other Person or Pe»sons under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, take, or carry away any Materials for making or repairing the said Roads out of or from any inclosed Lands or Grounds, until Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Owner or Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupier at his or her last or usual Place of Residence, to appear before any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County or District wherein such Lands or Grounds lie, to show Cause why such Materials should not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and

in

Surveyors

Material* in private Grounds till after ’Votive.

488 l* GEORGII IV. Cap.wi.

iu case such Owner or Occupier shall attend pursuant to such Notice, and shall not show sufficient Cause to the contrary, such Justices shall, if they think proper, authorize such Surveyor, or other Person or Persons, to dig, gather, take, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to such Justices shall seem proper; and if such Owner or Occupier shall refuse or neglect to appear by himself or herself, or his or her Agent, such Justices shall and may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Occupier, or his or her Agent, had attended.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall take or carry away any Materials which shall have been dug or gathered for the Purpose of making or amending the said Roads, or shall get or take away any Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting Materials for the said Roads, before the Surveyor or Surveyors, or his or their Workmen, shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Thirty Days (except the Owners or Occupiers of any private Lands or Grounds, and the Person or Persons authorized by such Owners or Occupiers, and who may get Materials therein for their own Use only, and not for the Use of any other Highway, or for Sale), every Person so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

For prevent-

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall ing Nui- drive any Horse or other Cattle, or any Cart or other Carriage, or hale,

»ance«. draw ', carry, pass, or wheel any Hurry, Truck, or Wheelbarrow, on any

Foot-way or Causeway adjoining to the said Roads on either of the said Districts, or shall cause any Damage to be done to the Footway or Causeway adjoining to the said Roads; or shall cause any Damage to be done to the Hedges, Fences, Breast Walls, Posts, Rails, or Paling set up along the Side of or upon such Footway; or shall in or upon any Part of the same Roads, or by the Side or Sides thereof, kill, slaughter, singe* scald, dress, or cut up any Beast, Swine, Calf, Lamb, or other Cattle, or cause or permit any Blood to run from any Slaughter-house, House, Building, Butcher’s Shop or Shambles, into the said Roads, or shall in any Part or Parts of the said Roads, or in any exposed Situations near thereto, burn, dress, or sweep any Piece or Pieces of Cork, or hoop, fire, cleanse, wash, or scald any Cask or Casks, or hew, saw, or cut, or cause to be hewn, sawn, or cut, any Stone, Wood, or Timber j or shoe, farry, or bleed any Horse, Mule, or Ass, except in the case of Accidents; or if any Person shall hale or draw, or cause to be haled or drawn upon any Part of the said Roads, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwise than wholly upon a wheeled Carriage, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber or Stone which shall be carried upon wheeled Carriages to drag on any Part of the said Districts of Road to the Prejudice thereof respectively, or if any Person driving any Pigs or Swine upon the said Road shall suffer the same to root up and damage the same or any Part thereof, or the Fences, Hedges, Banks, or Copse on either Side thereof; or if any Person shall turn, or suffer any Horse, Ass, Beast, or Swine to be turned, or to be or remain upon the said Roads to graze or depasture on the Sides thereof j or if any Per-

Penalty on taking away Materials got by the Surveyed

489

1* GEORGII IV. Cap.u.

son driving any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage upon the said Roads, and meeting another Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, shall not keep his Carriage on the Left or Near Side of the Road i or if any Person shall in any Manner wilfully prevent any other Person or Persons from passing him or them upon the said Roads, or the Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other such Carriage under his or their Care j or if any Person shall make or assist to make any Fire or Fires, commonly called Bonfires, or pitch or erect any Tent, Canvass, or other Convenience for the Purpose of lodging therein or abiding thereat, or for any other Purpose whatsoever; or shall set fire to, or let off or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent, or Firework whatsoever on any Part of the said Roads, or within Eighty Feet of the Centre thereof, or play at Football, or any other Game or Games on any Part or Parts of the said Roads, or bowl or trundle any Hoop or Hoops, or raise or fly any Paper Kite upon or over the said Roads or any Part thereof, or any Street, Lane* or Place leading into or out of the same, and near thereto, or be aiding or assisting therein to the Annoyance of any Passenger or Passengers; or if any Person or Persons, after having blocked or stopped any Carriage whatsoever in going up a Hill or any other rising Ground, shall leave or permit, or suffer to be or remain in the said Roads or any Part thereof, the Stone or other Thing made use of in blocking or stopping such Carriage j or if any Person shall leave any-Waggon,

Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, in, upon, or on the Side-of any Part of the said Roads longer than may be necessary for loading or urc-loading the same, either with or without any Horse or Beast of Draught, harnessed or yoked thereto j or in case the same shall not during such Time be drawn up or placed as near to the Side of the Road as conveniently may be, or shall lay any Piece of Timber, or any Stones, Hay,

Straw, Dung, Manure, Soil, Ashes, Filth, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, on any Part of the said Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof, or upon the Footpaths or Causeways adjoining to such Roads, to the Prejudice, Annoyance, or Interruption of Persons travelling and passing thereon, every Person so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings,

One Moiety whereof shall gc to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

LII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Sur- Surveyor veyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint, from Time to Time to remove and prevent any Nuisances and Annoyances on any Part or Parts of the said Roads, by Timber, Wood,

Stone, Carriages, Sawpits or other Pits, Ashes, Dung, Filth, Rubbish,

Straw, or otherwise j and to turn any Watercourses, Gutters, Conduits, or Drains running into, along, or out of the said Roads, to the Prejudice thereof, and to open, scour or cleanse, widen, deepen, and enlarge any Gutter, Ditch, Conduit or Watercoqrse adjoining or' near to the said Roads, or any Part thereof respectively, in case the respective Owners or Occupiers of the Lands where such Annoyances shall happen to be, shall neglect so to do for Five Days after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose, under the Hand or Hands of such Surveyor or Surveyors, the Charges whereof (to be settled by the said Trustees by Writing under their Hands) shall from Time to Time be reimbursed to the Surveyor or \Local.~] 6 u Surveyors

490

Surveyors empowered to remove sudden Obstructions without Notice.

Preventing Buildings or Trees being placed too near the

Road.

To prevent Encroachments by Fences.

1* GEORGII IV. Cap. xna.

Surveyors by such respective Owners or Occupiers neglecting to turn, open, scour, or cleanse, or to deepen, widen, and enlarge any such Gutter, Ditch, Conduit, Drain, or Watercourse, or by the Person or Persons occasioning, or neglecting, or refusing to remove such Annoyances as aforesaid, which Charges shall be levied and recovered in the same Manner as the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines by this Act imposed or authorized to be imposed are herein-after directed to be levied and recovered; and if after the Removal of any such Annoyances any Person or Persons shall offend again in like Manner, every Person shall, for every such Second or subsequent Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor and Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint on the said Districts of Road respectively, from Time to Time, without giving any previous Notice, to remove all silch Earth, Trees, Roots of Trees, and other Things, as shall suddenly fall or be blown down from any Hedge, Bank, or Land, into or upon any Part of the said respective Districts, by this Act authorized to be repaired, so as to narrow or obstruct the Passage along the same, and to carry and place the same on any Waste Ground near thereto, so as the same be no Annoyance to Travellers j and such Surveyor or Surveyors shall forthwith give Notice thereof to the Owners or Occupiers of the Lands from whence such Earth, Trees, Roots, or other Things shall so slide or fall, or be blown down as aforesaid; and the Charges of carrying away the same (to be settled by the said Trustees), shall be reimbursed and paid to such Surveyor or Surveyors, by such Owners or Occupiers, and recovered in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures for Offences against this Act are hereby directed to be recovered.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Building or Buildings shall be hereafter erected and built nearer than Thirty Feet from the Centre of the said Roads, nor shall any young Tree or Trees be hereafter planted or permitted to grow up within Thirty Feet from the Centre of the Road; and if any Buildings shall be erected, or any Trees, planted contrary to the Directions aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons authorized by them to take down, or cause to be taken down, any such Buildings or Trees as a public Nuisance, and to remove the same, and every Part thereof, without, making any Compensation to the Owner or Owners, for Damages, Trespass, or otherwise.

LV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whatsoever- shall make, raise, or set any New I'nclosure, Wall, or Hedge, or Fence of Thorns or Quicks in or upon any of the Lands or Grounds next adjoining to the said Roads, nearer to the Centre thereof than Thirty Feet j and that if any such New Inclosure, Wall, Hedge, or Fence shall be made, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, from Time to Time, to order such New Inclosure, Wall, Fence, or Hedge, to be levelled, thrown down, and removed, and to levy the Expence attending such levelling, throwing down, and removal, upon the Offender or Offenders, in, the same Manner as any Penalties and Forfeitures are by this Act directed to be levied.

1° GEORGIA I?. Cap. icxW. 491

L*Vt. And be it further enacted, That all Gates to be hereafter made Gatesto open and placed In any Field or Ground adjoining the Road, on either of tie , nwards* said Districts, shall be made and hung to open and swing inward towards such Field or Ground, and not towards the said Road; and that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to order all such Gates as are now. erected, or may hereafter be erected, and open and swing outward towards the said Road, on either of the said Districts, to be altered and made to open and swing inward, as they the said Trustees shall think proper j anti if any Occupier or Occupiers of the Lands upon which any Gate or Gates is, or are^ or shall be constructed, so as to open and swing outward towards the Road, upon either of the said Districts, shall (after Twenty-one Days Notice from the Surveyor of the said District of Road, requiring him, her, or them, to alter any such Gate or Gates, and to make the same to open and swing inward), refuse or neglect to make such Alterations, every such Occupier or Occupiers shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall cause Mile Stones or Posts to be set up, and from Time to Time renewed on the Sides of the said Roads in proper Situations, and at the Distance of One Mile from each other, with Inscriptions thereon, denoting the Number of Miles and Distances of Places, and also Direction Posts where any other Road or Roads lead out of or into the same Roads $ and shall also provide, set up, or affix and continue, as Occasion may require, proper Lamps in any Street, Lane, or Place upon the said Roads they may think ft necessary to do, for the Safety and Convenience of Travellers, and at the respective Toll-houses and Weighing Engines; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, pull down, destroy, or damage any of the Stones, Posts, or Lamps, which shall be so fixed or set up, or any Thing belonging thereto, or erase, obliterate, or deface any of the Inscriptions or Letters which shall be engraven or made on any of the said Stones or Posts, or any Part thereof, or cause or procure the same to be done, every Person so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted,

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyors Surveyors, and any other Person or Persons by Order of the said Trustee ^, ay make to muke or cause to be made all necessary, proper, and convenient Drafns^e. Ditches, Drains, and Watercourses in, upon, or on the Sides of the said Roads, or any Part thereof, and also through any Grounds lying contiguous thereto, not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Paddock, of planted Walk, or Avenue to any House j and to pull down, take away, and remove any Encroachments, Posts, Rails, or any other Nuisance whatsoever to or upon the said Roads, or any Part thereof; and also , to erect, build, and keep in repair Bridges and Arches upon the said Road* and across any such Ditch, Drain, or Watercourse as aforesaid, and to make sufficient Barriers and other Erections on any Part or Parts of the said Roads, in order to prevent the same from being flooded or overflowed with Water, and to cut down and remove any Trees or Underwoods growing in or upon the said Roads, or any Part thereof, where such Road is not Thirty Feet wide, and also to make, or cause to be made, any temporary Road or Roads through, over, and along the Grounds adjoin-

' ' . kg ’

Mde pans*-and Djrfc-t.ipn Poets, &c. tp he erected.

492

P GEORGH IV. Cap. xxa.

ing to any narrow or ruinous Part or Parts of the said Road (except as herein-after is mentioned), to be made use of as a Road whilst the old Road is repairing, and until the same shall be made safe and convenient for Travellers, making such Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of such Ground so to be used, cut through, or built upon, for the Damages which they or any of them, shall sustain thereby, as the said Trustees shall judge reasonable; and in case any Difference shall happen between such Owners and Occupiers and the said Trustees, touching such Damages, the same shall be settled by the Justices of the Peace for the County, Division, or District in which the Lands are situate, at their General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for such County, Division, or District, next after such Difference shall arise.

Owners re-

LIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner or Occupier of fusing to any Watercourse or Watercourses, Ditch or Ditches, adjoining the said scour Water- Road, shall refuse or neglect to scour, deepen, and cleanse the same Twice courses, the in every Year, in such Manner as the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or such uinetmen other Person or Persons shall order and direct, after Ten Days Notice to cleanse shall be given for that Purpose by such Surveyor or Surveyors respectively, the same, or other Person or Persons, then and in every such Case it shall be law-

and levy the faj for such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, and arge‘ he and they is and are hereby authorized to employ any Person or Persons to scour, deepen, and cleanse the same, and by Warrant from the said Trustees to levy the Charges thereof upon the respective Owners or Occupiers of such Watercourse or Watercourses, Ditch or Ditches, by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus (if any) to him, her, or them, upon Demand.

j'ower to

LX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said "aths Faod r^rustces> or any or more of them, to cause Footpaths or Causeways

l'enaUjMfor to be made on the Sides of the said Road in each District respectively, or

injuring any Part or Parts thereof; and if any Person or Persons shall ride upon

them. any Footpath or Causeway by or on the Sides of the said Road, or any

Part or Parts thereof, made by the said Trustees, or any Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or any other Person or Persons within any of the Parishes or Places through which the said Roads or any Part or Parts thereof do or shall lead or pass, or shall wilfully pull up, destroy, injure, or damage any Stones, Posts, Rails, or other Safeguards set or placed for the Preservation thereof, or for the Protection of Passengers along the same, or drive any Horse, Mule, Ass, Cattle, Beast, Pig or Swine, Cart, or other Carriage, or wheel any Wheelbarrow or Hand-cart thereon, or shall wilfully cause any Damage whatsoever to be done thereto, or shall lay any Timber, Hay, Straw, Dung, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, upon the said Footpaths or Causeways, or any Part thereof, or upon any Part or Parts of the said Districts of Road respectively within the Boundary Fences thereof, or shall obstruct or impede the Passage upon the same, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Forty Shillings, as the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, may adjudge, order, and direct.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby authorized

and

Power to divert the

1", GJ^ORGII IV. Cap. xxii.

and empowered £ronvTjme to Time to widen, divert, shorten, vary, turn, and alter the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Roads, through any Waste Grounds, Commons, or uncultivated Lands, without ip^fcing , any Satisfaction for the same, and also through any private Lands, Oround$, or Hereditaments, not being the Scite of or Ground whereon any House or Houses stand, or planted Walk, Yard, Garden, Park, Paddock, or Avenue to any House, or Nursery or Plantation for Trees, _ first making Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers thereof, and Persons interested therein, for the Damages they may sustain thereby; and for that Purpose jt shall be lawful for the said Trustees or any Seven or mpre of them, to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners and Occupiers'of and Persons interested in any Buildings, Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments for the Purchase or Exchange thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners, Occupiers, or Persons may sustain by the widening, diverting, turning, or altering the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Road, through such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life and Fee Tail General or Special, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, or Feoffees in Trust, Committees, Executors, Administrators, and all other Trustees whatsoever, not only for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Femes Covert, In-, fants, Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, but also to and for all Femes Covert, who are or shall be seised of or interested in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be possessed-of or interested in any such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, to contract with the Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, for the Satisfaction to be made for such Damages as aforesaid, or to sell and convey unto them, or any Seven or more of them, all or any of such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, for the Purposes aforesaid; and all Contracts, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be so made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage, or other Matter to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees, Committees, Executors, Administrators, and all other Persons, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act,

LXII. And be it further enacted, That if any of such Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life, or Fee Tail General or Special, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, or Feoffees in Trust, or any other Person or Persons interested in any such Lands or Grounds, upon Notice in Writing to him, her, or them, given or left at the respective Dwelling Houses or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Head Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Lands or Grounds so to be taken in and added to any Part of the said Road, or into which any Part or Parts of the said Road is or are to be turned or altered as aforesaid, shall by the Space of Ten Days after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every or any such Case the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall cause it to be inquired into and ascertained [Local.~\ 6 / by

493

Road, and to Corporations, &c. to sell.

The Recom-

pence to be settled by a

tain Cases.

494 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxii.

by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the County where the Lands are situate (which Oaths any One or more -of the said Trustees is and are hereby empowered and required to administer), what Damages will be sustained by., and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owners, Occupiers, or other Person or Persons interested for and on account of the taking of such Lands or Grounds into the said Road, or of turning any Parr or Parts of such Road into or through the same Lands or Grounds; and in order thereto, the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to summon and call before the said Jury, and examine upon Oath all and every Person or Persons whomsoever who shall be thought necessary and proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses touching or concerning the Premises (which Oath any One or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby empowered to administer), and they shall also order and cause the said Jury to view the Places in question, if there be Occasion, and use all other lawful Ways and Means as well for their own as for the Jury’s better Information in the Premises, as the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them shall think fit; and after the said Jury shall have enquired of and assessed such Damage and Recompence, they the said Trustees shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury to be paid to the said Owners, or other Persons interested in the said Lands or Grounds, according to the Verdict or In-Verdict to be quisition of such Jury; which said Verdict or Inquisition, and Judgment, final. Order, or Determination thereupon, shall be final, binding, and con-

elusive, to all Intents and Purposes, against all Parties and Persons whomsoever claiming or to claim in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise, their Heirs, Successors, as well absent as present. Executors, Administrators, Infants, Issue unborn, Femes Covert, Persons beyond the Seas, or under any other Disability whatsoever, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as well as all Sheriff to other Persons whomsoever; and for the summoning and returning of

— such Jury or Juries, the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, are

ury’ hereby empowered to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff

of the County where the Lands are situate, or in case such Sheriff, or

his Deputy or Deputies, shall be in anywise interested in the Matter in question, then to some One of the Coroners of the same County not interested therein, thereby commanding and requiring such Sheriff or Coroner to impannel, summon, and return a Jury of Twenty-four honest and indifferent Men, qualified according to Law to be returned for Trials of Issues in His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, to appear before the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrants shall be appointed; and the said Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, or the said Coroner, is and are hereby required to impannel, summon, and return such Number accordingly, and out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall swear or cause to be sworn Twelve, who shall be a Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff, his Deputy or I )eputies, or the said Coroner, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be speedily procured to attend that Service (being qualified as last aforesaid), to the Number of Twelve, and all Persons 3 con-

495

1* GEORGII IV. Cap. xxii.

concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn, but shall not challenge the Array.

LXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any such Sheriff, or Penalty upon his Deputy, or any such Coroner, shall make Default in the Premises, he Shr, QrJ^{’ shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds; and if any "

Person to be summoned and returned upon any such Jury as aforesaid ing Default, shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to give his Verdict, having no reasonable Excuse (to be allowed by the said Sheriff or Coroner), or in any other Manner wilfully neglect his Duty, contrary to the true Intent of this Act, or if any Person to be summoned to give Evidence as aforesaid shall not appear, on being paid or tendered a reasonable Sum for his, her, or their Costs and Expences, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn or examined, or to give Evidence, then and in such Case the Party on whose Behalf such Person was so summoned shall and may have the like Remedies by Action or otherwise, so far as Circumstances will admit, against such Person, as if the Proceedings in which such Person shall be summoned were an Action depending in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or otherwise every Person so offending shall, at the Election of the Party in whose Behalf such Person was so summoned, forfeit and pay for every such Offence, for the Benefit of the said Party, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied by virtue of a Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of the said Sheriff and Coroner, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so offending, rendering to him or them the Overplus of the Money thereby produced after such Penalty, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale shall be deducted.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury or Juries to For paying be summoned and sworn, pursuant to the Authority of this Act, shall give Expences of in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money as a Recompence Juries, or Satisfaction for the Right, Interest, or Property of any Person or Persons in any such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or for any Loss or Damage to be by him, her, or them sustained, than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, before the summoning and returning the said Jury or Juries as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or for any Loss or Damage as aforesaid, then and in such Case, the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining of such Differences to be settled and ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the County,

District, or Place wherein the Cause of Dispute shall arise, not interested in the Matter in question (who is hereby required to examine and settle the same), shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees on the respective District of Road on which such Differences shall have arisen; and in default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Clerk or Clerks to the Trustees of the said Districts of Road respectively for the Time being, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant such Justice is hereby required to grant); but if any Jury or Juries so summoned and sworn as aforesaid, shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more or for less Money than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, before the summoning or returning of the said Jury or Juries, as a

Recompence

496

New Roads to be fenced by Trustees.

Restraining the Trustees from deviating more than One hundred Yards.

No Building to be damaged, or Garden Ground, &c. taken for the Purposes of this Act without Consent.

Provision for removing th

Town Hail in Bourn.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxii.

Recompence and Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property in any such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or Losses or Damages as aforesaid, then the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining of the said Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences as aforesaid, shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute; which said Costs and Expences, having been ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace as herein-before directed, shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged; otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the same be not paid upon Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees by the Ways and Means herein provided for the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures; provided always that in all Cases where any Person or Persons shall by reason of Absence have been prevented from treating, such Costs shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the said Trustees shall widen, turn, or alter any Part or Parts of the said Road, or make any new Road over and through any inclosed Lands or Grounds, the said Trustees shall make or cause to be made Quickset or other proper Fences where necessary, as the Case shall require, so as effectually to guard and fence off the Lands adjoining to the said Road, and also proper Gates, Bridges, and Arches, where necessary, out of the said Road, into the Lands adjoining, and shall keep the Quickset or other Fences so to be made, in proper Order and Repair for the Term of Six Years from the lime such Quickset Fences shall have been made and planted.

LXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Trustees in widening, diverting, shortening, varying, turning, or altering the said Road, shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards from the Line or Course of the present Road, without the Consent and Approbation in Writing first had and obtained of the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, through whose Lands or Grounds such Deviation shall be made.

LXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained, shall empower the said Trustees, or any of them, or any Person or Persons, to pull down or damage any Dwelling House or other Building, or to take, use, or possess any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House or Lawn inclosed or adjoining to a Mansion House or any ancient Fish Pond, belonging to or near any Mansion House, or Plantation, or Nursery of Trees, other than and except as is herein-after particularly provided or mentioned to the contrary, without the Consent in Writing of the respective Owners or Occupiers thereof signified by Writing under their respective Hands,

LXVIII. And whereas, under and by virtue of the said recited Act of the Thirtj^eighth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, ProvL sicms were made for improving a Part of the Bourn District of the said

Road *

497

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxii.

Road, lying near to the Market Cross in Bourn aforesaid, by taking down and removing a certain Building there situate, called Bourn Town Hall, which is yet standing, and in a very ruinous and decayed State, and it is expedient that Provision should be made in this Act for that Purpose; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, to take, pull down, and remove the Messuage or Building in Bourn aforesaid, called the Town Hall, and the several Shops and Tenements within or adjoining thereto, with the Appurtenances belonging to the Marquis of Exeter and others; which said Messuage or Building, Tenements and Hereditaments, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, to take and use for the Purposes of this Act, without the Consent of the several Proprietors, Owners, or Occupiers thereof, or other Persons interested therein, or any of them, making such Compensation and Satisfaction nevertheless for the same, in like Manner and Form as is herein directed with respect to Compensation to be made for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, and which Compensation and Satisfaction may and shall be ascertained, adjudged, and determined, in and by the same Ways and Means as herein is provided for ascertaining and determining the Value of any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be purchased.

LXIX. Provided always, nevertheless. That it shall not be lawful for Trustees re-the said Trustees, or any of them, to purchase, take, or use the said Building in Bourn aforesaid, now used as a Town Hall, with the Appurtenances, Alteration10 by virtue of this Act, without a previous Order of the said Trustees made without the at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, of which Fourteen Days Consent of Notice shall be given in One of the Stamford, Newspapers, signifying the .^hye ^art Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, nor without the previous t£e Creditors Consent in Writing of the Persons entitled to Three-fourth Parts or Pro- on the Road, portions of the Money then due on the Security of the Tolls arising within the same District.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That every Sum of Money, Recom- Howthe Pur-pence, and Satisfaction, which shall be agreed for or assessed as aforesaid, chase Money shall be paid out of the Monies which shall arise and be produced by virtue *s to paid* of this Act, either into the Bank of England, as herein-after mentioned, or to the Parties or Persons respectively entitled to such Monies as the Case may require, and upon Payment or Tender thereof to such Parties or Persons, or depositing the same in the Bank of England, in Manner by this Act directed; all Owners and Occupiers of, and Persons interested in such Lands or Grounds shall from thenceforth be divested of all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, and Property of, in, to or out of the same; and such Lands or Grounds shall be laid into and made Part of the said Roads, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Seven more of them shall direct, and shall be by them, or by such Person or Persons as they or any Seven or more of them shall appoint, sufficiently drained, ditched, fenced, and set out for that Purpose, and shall from thenceforth, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, become and for ever afterwards be a common Highway, and shall be deemed Part of the Roads to be repaired by virtue of this Act, and shall be repaired accordingly; and after such new Road shall be completed, the Lands ['Local.] 6 K constituting

498 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxii.

Trustees may constituting the former Road, or any Part thereof, unless leading over sell or ex- SOme Moor or Waste Ground, or to or through some Town, Village, or

Part of the Hamlet, to or through which such new Road doth not lead or pass,

old Road, shall be vested in the said Trustees forltheTime being, and such Trustees, when any or any Seven or more of them, may sell the same Lands; and all Convey-be made hi ances w^ich shall be made of the Lands or Grounds so sold, being executed lieu thereof. by Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall be good and

effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Persons whose Lands adjoin to ha?e the Preference.

Value to be settled by a Jury i

May be recovered by Action.

LXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That wheresoever the Course of any Part of the said Roads, or either of them, shall be altered under or by virtue of the Authority of this Act, or any Toll House discontinued, and a new Road opened and made in any adjoining Land, the Offer of the Purchase of such old Road or Toll House shall be first made to the Owner of such adjoining Lands as shall be cut and used for the Purpose of making such new Road, and in case such Owner shall be desirous of becoming the Purchaser of such old Road or Toll House, and cannot agree with the said Trustees for the Price to be paid for the Purchase of the same, and such Owner shall still be desirous of becoming the Purchaser thereof, then the Value thereof shall be settled and ascertained by a Jury, in such Manner as the Price for any Land to be taken in pursuance of this Act is directed to be settled and ascertained in and by this Act, and such Owner shall be deemed the Purchaser thereof, at the Sum to be ascertained by a Jury to be the Value thereof; and in case such Owner shall refuse to pay such Money upon Demand thereof by the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees, and Tender of the Conveyance of such old Road or Toll House, the same shall and may be recovered by the said Trustees, by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record; and in case any such Owner shall not agree, or shall refuse to purchase any such old Road or Toll House, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons (not interested in the Premises) to make an Affidavit before a Master or Master Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, or District wherein such Action shall be brought, stating that such Offer has been made by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Owner has not agreed, or has refused to purchase such old Road or Toll House (as the Case may be), and such Affidavit shall, in all Courts whatsoever, be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and not agreed to, or refused by such Owner; and the Costs and Expences of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid, and shall and may be recovered in like Manner as herein-before directed with respect to Purchases made by the said Trustees, mutatis mutandis, and the Money to arise by the Sale or Sales which may be made by the said Trustees of such old Road or Toll House as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act; but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for any Misapplication or Nonapplication of such Money.

Application of Compensation when amounting

to 2001.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That all the Principal Monies which shall be agreed or assessed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of this Act, which shall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, Femes io Covert,

499

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. xxii.

Covert, or other incapcitated Person or Persons, shall, if the same amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, or any Two or more of them, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, (to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments), in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Parts thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, standing settled to the same or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents* and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the meantime, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated Bank Annuities, or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

LXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Application so agreed or assessed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- when the ments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Body Politic, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Inca- [han 2001? pacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and and exceeds shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the 201-same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option and approved of by any Seven or more of the Trustees for executing this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in

Writing

500

Application when the Money is less than 201.

In case of not making out Titles, or if Persons cannot be found, Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank;

subject to the Order of the Court of Chancery, on Motion or Petition.

Persons In

Possession, shall be deemed well entitled, unless the contrary be fhevrn.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxii.

Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case shall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

LXXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Money so agreed or assessed to be paid, as herein-before mentioned, shall not exceed1 the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases, the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded or assessed for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the same, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case the Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money so awarded or assessed as aforesaid, cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in any such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to order the Sum or Sums of Money so awarded or assessed as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (describing them), subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the same Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title, or Interest of the Person or Persons making claim thereunto; and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the same is or are received to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums into the Bank as aforesaid.

LXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of

any

501

1" GEORGII IV. Cap.yarn.

any Estate, Right, or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to be lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court, that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

LXXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the Trustees of this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any particular Part or Parts of the said Roads, or any Bridges, Arches, Drains, Sewers, or Watercourses lying in and upon the same Roads, have been accustomed or ought to be repaired and maintained by any particular Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, by reason of the Tenure of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or by the said Counties of Northampton, Lincoln, or Rutland, or any Division, District, Ward, Parish, or Township therein, or otherwise howsoever, all and every such Part or Parts of the said Roads, and all such Bridges, Arches, Drains, Sewers, and Watercourses, shall from Time to Time be maintained and kept in repair by such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, County, Division, District, Wards, Parishes, or Townships respectively, in such Manner as the same ought to have been respectively maintained and kept in Repair in case this Act had not been made.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or to the Payment of any Composition in lieu of Statute Work upon the said Roads, or any Part thereof; and all Persons by Law chargeable towards repairing any Part or Parts of the said Roads, or any Bridges thereon, shall still remain so liable and chargeable, and shall do their respective Statute and other Work in or upon the same in the several Parishes, Townships, or Districts in which [Local.'] 6 L the

The Court may order reasonable Expences of Purchases to be paid by the Trustees.

Persons liable, and

chargeable to the Repair of Roads and Bridges, to continue so.

Statute Works and Compositions to be continued.

502

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxii.

the said Roads do or shall lie, and pay their respective Compositions accordingly, under and subject nevertheless to the Regulations herein-after expressed concerning the same.

Regulations LXXX, And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any formance" Two or more Justices of the Peace, within their respective Jurisdictions,

of Statute an(l they are hereby required, upon Application made to them by the

Duty. said Trustees, or by their Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor, by their Order,

yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tythes, or Hereditaments, within the respective Parishes, Townships, or Places in which the said Roads lie; and also what Proportion of Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall by him, her, or them be paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto, it shall be lawful for such Justices, from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, or Place to bring in Lists before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, within Fourteen Days after the serving of such Summons, of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township, or Place, are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Duty for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute now in force for the Repairs of the Public Highways; and out of such Lists, the said Justices shall or may allot, appoint, and order, such and so many of the Persons who shall appear subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads, as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be done on such Days, and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and upon such Parts of the said Roads as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint j and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lists shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the Surveyor or Surveyors of every such Parish or Place, to be by him or them paid over to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and in default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode, for that Purpose, by any Surveyor or Clerk to the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses,

Beast

503

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxii.

Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to, by any Law or Statute in force for the Repair of the Public Highways; and if any Person who shall come or be sent to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof, in Manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and in addition thereto, in case of his or their having received any such Composition Money, all such Sum or Sums of Money as he or they respectively shall have collected or received for or on account thereof.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Statute and Trustees, from Time to Time, *tb compound and agree by the Year or other Work otherwise with the Owners or Occupiers of any Lands, Tenements, or may com-Hereditaments, or other Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, liable to poun e or‘ or chargeable with or towards the Repair of any Part or Parts of the said Roads, or any Bridges, Arches, Drains, Sewers, or Watercourses lying in and upon the same, and the Performance of Statute Work thereon, for the Payment of a Sum of Money in lieu of such Repairs and Statute Work and Compositions respectively; and also for the respective Surveyors of the Highways of any of the said Parishes, Townships, and Districts through which the said Roads pass, to compound and agree by the Year or otherwise with the said Trustees, for and in lieu of the Statute Work to be performed, or Compositions to be paid by the Inhabitants of such Parishes, Townships, and Districts, upon any Part or Parts of the said Roads j all which Composition Monies shall be paid in' advance.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Composition Money Powers to agreed to be paid in lieu of any such Repairs or Statute Work as afore- Jfcover *h.e said, or any Part or Parts of such Composition Money respectively, shall Money for°n not be paid withiil Fifteen Days after the same shall become payable, it shall Tolls, Statute be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the Coutities of Work, &c. Northampton, Lincoln, or Rutland, or any Division or District therein respectively, by Writing under their respective Hands and Seals, to empower the Person or Persons authorized to receive such Composition Money (Oath having been first made before such Justices that the same hath been demanded and remains due, which Oath they are hereby respectively empowered and required to administer), to levy such Composition Money by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Surveyor

504

Trustees may contract for Repairs.

Transient Offenders to be apprehended.

How Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines are to be recovered and applied.

1* GEORGII IV. Cap. xxii.

or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Person or Persons so having compounded or agreed to pay, or being liable to the Payment of such Composition Money as aforesaid, returning the Overplus (if any), after deducting such Composition Money, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale, upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners thereof.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees or such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose appoint, are hereby empowered to contract with any Person or Persons for making, altering, raising, widening, and repairing the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, or any Arches or Bridges upon the same, and for doing any other Work by this Act authorized to be done, in such Manner, and for such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trustees shall think proper j and all Contracts in Writing for any of the Purposes aforesaid, which shall be entered into pursuant to an Order made at any Meeting by the said Trustees, shall be binding to all Parties who shall sign the same, his, her, or their Executors and Administrators, and that Actions and Suits may be maintained thereon, and [Damages and Costs recovered against the Parties failing in the Execution thereof.

LXXXIV. And whereas Offences may be committed against this Act by Persons unknown to the Trustees, Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers or Persons employed in the Execution thereof; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers, or any of them respectively, and such other Person or Persons as they or any of them shall call to their or any of their Assistance, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons who shall commit any such Offence or Offences, and to convey him, her, or them before any Justice of the Peace for the County, Division, or District where the Offence or Offences shall be committed.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, by this Act imposed or authorized to be imposed (the Manner of levying and recovering of which is not herein otherwise particularly directed), upon Proof of the Offence or Offences and Conviction of the Offender or Offenders respectively, before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Division, or District wherein such Offence or Offences shall be committed, either by the Confession of the Party or Parties offending, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, together with all such Costs, Charges, and Expences as such Justice or Justices respectively shall adjudge and determine to be fair, reasonable, and proper to be allowed (and which he and they is and are hereby authorized and empowered to ascertain and determine accordingly), shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by virtue of a Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of such Justice or Justices, which Warrant or Warrants such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant, and to administer such Oath, and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, Costs, Charges, and Expences, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted, shall be returned on Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, and all such Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, if not otherwise

directed

505

1* GEORGII IV. Cap. xxii.

directed by this Act, shall be paid to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, and applied for the Purposes of this Act upon the respective Districts of Road, upon or concerning which such Conviction shall take place, or such Penalties, Fines, or Forfeitures, Costs, Charges, and Expences be paid or levied; and if sufficient Distress cannot be found, and such Penalties,

Forfeitures, and Fines, Costs, Charges, and Expences shall not be forthwith paid, such Justice and Justices is and are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for such County, Division, or District, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, Costs, Charges, and Expences, and all other reasonable Costs and Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LXXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every Offenders Case in which any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence ?*"

against this Act, upon which any Penalty or Forfeiture, or any Costs, Warrant of Charges, or Expences shall be incurred and adjudged to be paid, it shall Distressis-and may be lawful to and for the Justice or Justices, by or before whom sued, and such Offender or Offenders shall be so convicted, and he and they are Return made hereby respectively authorized and required, in case such Offender or Of- thereon' fenders shall not on such Conviction and Adjudication forthwith pay down such Forfeiture and Costs, to detain such Offender or Offenders in safe Custody, in some convenient and proper Place to be appointed for that Purpose by such Justice or Justices, until such Justice or Justices shall have issued his or their Warrant, in Manner herein-before directed for the levying such Forfeiture and Costs upon the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, and until it shall have been ascertained on Return made to such Warrant, that such Offender or Offenders respectively hath or have not any Goods and Chattels sufficient whereon to make and levy such Penalty and Costs; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

LXXXVII. And for the more easy Conviction of Offenders against FormofCon-this Act, be it further enacted, That Lthe Justices of the Peace before vict, on-whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the Form or in the Words, or to the Effect following, mutatis mutandis, as the Case shall happen to be; to wit,

* County of f BE it remembered. That on [Time of Conviction], at [Place

‘ \ of Conviction], A. B> [Name of Offender'], of [Addition of

* Offender], was duly convicted before me (or us), [Name and Style of convicting Justice or Justices ], for that the said A.B. [Name of Offender,] on 4 [Time of committing Offence], dit [Place of committing Offence], did [here state 6 the Offence against this Act according to the Fact], contrary to the Form of the Statute made in the First Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled [here set forth the Title of this Act], and I 4 [or we] do therefore declare and adjudge that the said A.B. [Name of Offender,] hath forfeited for the said Offence the Sum of [Fine], and P *

case of Costs being allowed] I [or we] do also adjudge, that over and

506

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. xxii.

above such Forfeiture the said A.B. shall forthwith pay the Sum of 4 [Amount of Costs'] by me [or, us] ascertained and determined to be reasonable and proper, to be allowed for the Costs and Expences incident to the Prosecution and Conviction of the said A.B. and which said Forfeiture and Costs amount together to the Sum of [Total of Penalty c and Costs allowed], or shall be committed to {Place of Imprisonment], for the Space of [Time of Imprisonment]. Given under my Hand and Seal 4 (or our Hands and Seals) the Day and Year above (or first above) 4 written/

Proceedings

quashed for Want of Form.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order made concern, ingany of the Matters in this Act contained, or any Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form, or removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Limitation

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall of Actions, be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, until Twenty Days Notice thereof shall be given to the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers of the District of Road upon or relating to which the Cause for such Action or Suit shall have happened, nor after a sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after the Expiration of Six Calendar Months from the Time of the Fact or Offence being committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be laid or brought in the County in which the Cause of Action shall happen, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action shall or may, at his, her, or their Election, plead specially or the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or that such Action or Suit shall have been brought before Twenty Days Notice thereof was given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Expiration of the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath in other Cases by Law.

Appeal to the XC. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Quarter Ses- think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Matter or Thing sums. done in pursuance of this Act, for which no particular Relief hath been

herein-before provided (save and except the Verdict of the Jury, and any Determination, Proceeding, Matter, or Thing herein-before directed to be final), such Person or Persons may, within Six Calendar Months after the Cause of Complaint shall arise, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at their General or Quarter Sessions, to be holden for the County, 13 Division,

507

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxii.

Division, or District wherein the Cause of Appeal shall arise, such Appellant or Appellants first giving, or causing to be given, Ten Days Notice in Writing of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Causes or Matters thereof, to the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurer of the District of Road whereon or concerning which the Subject and Matter of such Appeal or Appeals shall arise, or to other the Respondent or Respondents, and within Four Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, Division, or District, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of the Justices at such General or Quarter Sessions, and also to pay such Costs as shall be awarded against him, her, or them by such Justices; and such Justices, at their said Sessions, on due Proof of such Notice having been given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall proceed to hear and finally determine the Causes and Matters of such Appeal, in a summary Way, and may award such Costs to the Party appealing or appealed against, as they shall think proper, and their Determination in the Premises shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed PublieAct. and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and Commenee-take place upon the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight Continuance hundred and twenty; and shall continue in force for and during the Term of TheAct^ of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty. 1820.

ANNO PRIMO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. xxiii.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Monk Bridge, near the City of York, to New Malt on, and from thence to Scarborough, and also from Spittle House to Scarborough aforesaid, all in the County of York.

[22d June 1820.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and 38G. 3. c. 37, improving the Roads from the East End of Monk Bridge, near the City of York, to New Mahon, and from thence to Scarborough, in the North Riding of the County of York; and also from Spittle House, in the East Riding <rf the said County, to Scarborough aforesaid: And whereas several considerable Sums of Money are due and owing on the Credit or Security of the Tolls by the said Act granted, and the same cannot be repaid, nor can the said Roads be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the said Act be continued for a further Term; and it is expedient that some of the Powers and Provisions therein contained should be altered, amended, and enlarged, and that some further Powers and Authorities should be granted, for more effectually repairing and improving the said Roads: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

514

Recited Act continued for a further Terra.

New Trus-

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxiii.

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, and all the Tolls, Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Privileges, Provisions, Regulations, Clauses, Matters and Things therein contained and now in force, (except such of them as are varied, altered, or repealed, or as are repugnant to or otherwise provided for by any of the Clauses or Provisions contained in this Act,) shall be and continue in full Force and Effect, and shall be applied and put in Execution during the Term hereinafter granted, for amending^ widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the several Roacfc comprized in the said Act, in as full and ample a Manner, and as effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if all such Tolls, Powers, Authorities, Privileges, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions, Regulations, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were repeated and re-epacted in the Body of this Act with relation thereto, and that this Act and the Tolls apd Powers hereby granted shall be and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing on the Credit or Security of the said recited Act, and to all Monies which shall or may be hereafter borrowed on the Credit or Security of this Act, and to all Interest due and to become due for the same respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting for the North and E^t Riding of the said County, Benjamin Agar, John Agar, Sir Francis Boynton Baronet, Francis Boynton, Robert Belt, Robert Belt jupior, Ropert Bower, Robert Bower junior, T. F, Foord fywes Clerk, Matthew Rutterwick, Charles Brome, George Beswick, William Beswick, George Beswtck junior, John Boll, Thongs Edward Wynne Bellasyse, James Brittfifi Cl^rk, the Honourable Godfrey Bosville,

Bill, John Bell, Frederick William Blomberg Clerk, Varlow Bielby, Sir ( George Cayley Baronet, Sir George Cook Baronet, Gilbert Crompton^ Joshua Cramptan, Abel Chapman Cant Candler, Charles Cholmleyx Harry Croft, John Cayley Clerk, Thomas Comber Clerk, George Cholmley, John Cleaver Clerk, James Jarvis Cleaver Clerk, John Cleaver junior, Clerk, Marmaduke Constable, Charles Constable, Robert Croft, Henry Cook, Bryan Cooke, Thomas Candler, Charles Craven, Rowland Croxton Clerk, William Canning Clerk, Gilbert Crompton Clerk, William Joshua Crompton, Charles Buncombe, Thomas Duncombe, William Dealtry Clerk, Robert Dennison, Richardson Dawson, William Joseph Dennison, Robert Dennison junior, Darell, Marmaduke Dawney, Edmund Day Clerk, Richard Davies Clerk, Francis William Dealtry Clerk, Henry Darley, William Duncombe, George Woodcock Dowker, Henry Dowker, James Dowker, Thomas Dowker, William Dennis, Sir Thomas Frankland Baronet, Robert Frankland, Walter Fawkes, Charles Fairfax, John Robinson Foulis, Wilmer Field, Henry Foord Clerk, Thomas Grimston, Henry Grimston, John Grimston, William Garforth, John Greame, Tarburgh Greame, Thomas Gouiton, Robert Gilbert Clerk, John Gilbert, Robert Gilbert, Graham Clerk,

John Gilby Clerk, James Carter Green Clerk, Harrington Hudson, Harrington Hudson junior, Thomas Hustler, Robert Harrison Clerk, William Harrison, Thomas Harrison Clerk, Ibomas Hayes Clerk, Richard Hill, Robert Howard Clerk, Edward Hopper Hebdtn, Arthur Jaques Clerk, Thomas Keld, Henry Legard Clerk, Digby Legard, Ralph Button, William Legard Clerk, Thomas Lund Clerk, Henry Cockerill Leathern, Bailiff for the

515

1° GEORGII IV. Ctpx*in.

the Time being of the Borough of Malton, John MacfarlandWilliam Middleton, Thomas Mitchelson, William Moor some, Richard William Moor-jOTif, John Maisler, Matthew Mapletoft Clerk, Newton Clerk,

Thomas Norcliffe, Samuel William Nichol, Humphrey Osbaldeston, Cholmley Overend, Robert Owston, George Osbaldeston, Plunkett Clerk,

Thomas Preston Clerk, George Parker, George Park hurst, John Piper,

William Preston Clerk, Henry Pierse, John Pemberton, John Richardson,

Thomas Cutler Rudstone Read Clerk, John Richardson Clerk, Sir William Strickland Baronet, Sir Mark Master man Sykes Baronet, George Strickland, Walter Strickland, Henry Eustatius Strickland, Tatton Sykes, Christopher Sykes Clerk, Richard Terrick Stainjorth, George Stain/orih, John Simpson M. D., Richard Sykes Clerk, Richard Sykes junior, Richard Simpson, William Si. Quintin, Sidney Smith Clerk, Arthur Strickland,

George Strickland junior, Bailiffs, Coroners, and Recorder for the Time being of Scarborough, Sir John Hayford Thorold Baroher, John Tindall,

William John Thompson, Richard Lowther Thompson, William Wilberforce,

Digby Willoughby, Edward Wors/ey, William Worsley, Richard Watson, Godfrey Wolley Clerk, Christopher Wyville, John Walker, John Woodall, John Wilkinson, John Woodall junior, Henry Willoughby, John Robert Hill Webb Clerk, Walker junior, Henry Yarburgh, and the Lord Mayor, Three

senior Aldermen, and Recorder for the Time being of York, together with such other Persons, not exceeding the Number of Ten, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them shall at their first or any subsequent Meeting nominate in that Behalf, (being qualified as herein-after mentioned), shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads comprized in the said Act and this Act, and for putting the same Act and this Act in Execution.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall NewQuali-be capable of acting as a Trustee in any Case in the Execution of the of

said recited Act and this Act, unless he shall be in his own Right, or in rustees' the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, being Freehold or Copyhold, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person or Persons having a Real Estate of the clear yearly Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds, or shall have and be possessed of a Personal Estate of the Value of Four thousand Pounds above what shall be sufficient to pay all his just Debts j and unless every such Person shall take and subscribe an Oath, or being one of the People called Quakers, an Affirmation, in the Presence of Two or more of the Trustees for the Time being, who are hereby authorized to administer the same, in the Form following; (that is to say),

* t A.B. do swear. That I am in my own Right, or in the Right of my

* - Wife, truly and bona fide seized of or entitled to, and in the actual

* Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Freehold or Copyhold ‘ Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of One < hundred Pounds above Reprizes j and in case of an Heir Apparent, I 6 A.B. do swear, that I am Heir Apparent of C.D. who, to the best of ‘ my Knowledge and Belief, is truly and bona fide seized of or entitled to,

and in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Free-

* hold or Copyhold Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear ‘ yearly Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds above Repriaes j and in

* case

516

Repeal of Power to

Officers lo account on Oath.

Not obligatory to appoint a Sur-

Same Person

Clerk and Treasurer.

1* GEORGII IV. Cap. iii.

case of Personal Estate, I A.B. do swear, that I truly and bona fide have and am possessed of Personal Estate of the Amount or Value of Four thousand Pounds over and above what shall be sufficient to pay all my 1 just Debts; and that I will truly and faithfully execute the Powers and Trusts reposed in me, by virtue of an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled [here set forth the Title of this Act], So help me GOD.

And if any Person not being so qualified shall presume to act as such Trustee, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and every Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the part of the Prosecution, than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as directs or requires any Receivers, Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers or Persons to account upon Oath, and subjects them to any Penalty for refusing to verify their Accounts upon Oath, and as authorizes any Persons to administer any such Oath, shall be and the same is hereby repealed and made void.

V. And it is hereby further enacted, That nothing in the said in part recited Act contained, shall oblige or render it necessary for the said Trustees to continue the present Surveyor or Surveyors, or to appoint any Surveyor or Surveyors in his or their Place or Places, in case they shall think proper to discontinue such Surveyor or Surveyors, or not to appoint any new Surveyor or Surveyors.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the same Person who has been or may be appointed to act as their Clerk, in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, or either of them, or the Partner of any such Clerk, the Treasurer for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, or either of them, or to continue or appoint the same Person who has been or may be appointed to act as their Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, the Clerk to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall act in both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer, for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, or either of them, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of such Treasurer, shall act as Clerk in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, or either of them; every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wrager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxiii.

VII. And be it farther enacted, That the Trustees of this Act shall and they are hereby required from Time to Time and at all Times, during the Continuance of this Act, to order and direct a Book or Books to be provided and kept by their Clerk for the Time being, in which Book or Books such Clerk shall enter or cause to be entered true and regular Accounts of all Sums of Money received, paid, laid out and expended, for or on account of the said Roads, and of the several Articles, Matters, and Things for which such Sums of Money shall have been disbursed, laid out and paid; which Book or Books shall at all seasonable Times be open to the Inspection of the said Trustees, or any of them, or any Creditor or Creditors on the Tolls granted by the said recited Act, without Fee or Reward; and the said Trustees and Creditors, or any of them, shall and may take Copies of or Extracts from the said Book or Books, or any Part or Parts thereof, without paying any thing for the same; and in case any Clerk shall refuse to permit or shall not permit any of the said Trustees or Creditors to inspect the same Book or Books, or to take such Copies or Extracts as aforesaid, the Clerk so refusing shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Collectors of the Tolls granted or made payable by this Act, shall on Receipt of such Tolls deliver or tender to the Person or Persons paying the same, a Ticket or Tickets denoting such Payment, and specifying and naming thereon the Gate or Gates to be freed or exempted from Toll by such Payment.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Toll Collector, being a Lessee or Renter of the said Tolls, or being appointed either by the said Trustees or by any Lessee or Renter, Lessees or Renters, to collect the Tolls payable at any Turnpike, Toll Gate, or Toll Bar, to be continued or erected by virtue of this Act, shall and he is hereby required to place his Christian and Surname painted on a Board in legible Characters in the Front, or on some other conspicuous Part of the Toll House or Toll Gate, immediately on his beginning to collect such Tolls or coming on Duty, each of the Letters of such Name or Names to be at least Two Inches in Length, and of a Breadth in proportion, and painted in Black Letters on a White Ground, or in White Letters on a Black Ground, and shall continue the same so placed, during the whole Time he shall collect such Tolls, or be upon such Duty j and if any Collector of the Tolls shall not place such Board as aforesaid, and keep the same there during the Time aforesaid, or shall demand and take a Toll from any Person or Persons who shall be exempt from the Payment thereof, and claim uch Exemption, or shall refuse to permit or suffer, or shall in any way hinder any Person or Persons from reading such Christian or Surname, or shall refuse to tell his Christian or Surname to any Person or Persons who shall demand the same, on having paid or tendered the said Tolls or any of them, or shall in an wer to such Demand give a false Name or Names, or shall refuse or neglect to give a Ticket to denote the Payment of the Tolls, and naming and specifying the several Gates freed by such Payment, or shall unnecessarily detain any Passenger or Passengers, or shall make use of any scurrilous or abusive Language to any Traveller or Passenger, then and in every such Case every such Toll Collector shall, on being duly convicted thereof on the Oath of One Witness,

[Local.'} 6 P forfeit

517

Accounts to be kept of Receipts and Disbursements, which shall be open to the Inspection of T rustees and Creditors.

Collectors to deliver Tickets, specifying the Gates freed.

Regulations as to Toll Collectors.

518

For obtaining Possession of Toll Houses.

Former Exemptions from Toll repealed, and new Exemptions granted.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxiii.

forfeit and pay for every such Offence, such Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, as the Justice or Justices before whom the Information shall be made shall adjudge.

X. And be it further enacted, That if the Lessee or Lessees of any of the Tolls hereby granted, or any Person or Persons claiming under him or them, shall at any Time after the Expiration of the Term for which such Tolls shall be leased, or for the Space of Fourteen Days after the Leases of such Tolls having expired or become void, refuse to deliver up the Possession of the Toll House or Toll Houses, Buildings and Premises which shall have been demised to him or them with the Tolls so leased, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where such Toll House or Toll Houses, Buildings and Premises shall be situate respectively, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to order the Constables or other Peace Officers of the Parish or Place where such Toll House or Toll Houses shall be situate, or any other Person or Persons to whom such Warrants shall be specially directed, with proper Assistants to enter such Toll House or Toll Houses, Buildings and Premises respectively, in the Day-time, and to remove the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods and Chattels out of such Toll House or Toll Houses, Buildings and Premises, and to put any Person or Persons whom the said Trustees shall think fit in Possession of the said Toll House or Toll Houses, Buildings and Premises, so that the Tolls payable thereat may from thenceforth be received and taken for the Use of the said Trustees.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all the Exemptions from Tolls granted and allowed by the said recited Act shall cease, and in lieu thereof the several Exemptions from Toll herein-after mentioned shall be allowed; (that is to say), no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse or Carriage belonging to or attending His Majesty, or any of the Royal Family; nor for any Horse or Horses, or other Beast or Cattle, of for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to fetch, carry, or convey, or returning empty from carrying or conveying (having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day) any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials, for making or repairing the said Roads, or any Bridges thereon, or any of the Roads or Bridges in any of the Townships or Parishes in which said Roads lie, or with Seed for seeding the Ground, or Hay, Turnips, Potatoes, Straw, or Corn in the Straw, not sold or disposed of, or passing to be sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Houses, Barns, Outhouses, or Yards, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof j or for any Horse, Beast, or other Cattle or Carriage employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to fetch, carry, or convey, or returning empty from carrying or conveying (having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day) any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Compost, or Manure, (Chalk, Lime, and Limestone only excepted), employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Land; or for any Horses or other Beasts going to or returning from Plough or Harrow, or to or from Pasture or Watering Place, or going to be or returning from being shoed or farried; or from any Person or Persons going to or returning from his,

519

P GEORGII IV. Cap. xxiii.

her, or their Parochial Church or Chapel, or from any Person or Persons going to or returning from his, her, or their usual Place of religious Worship, tolerated by Law, on Sundays or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or going to or returning from attending the Funeral of any Person who shall die and be buried in any of the Parishes in which the said Roads lie; or for any Clergyman going to visit or returning from visiting any sick Person, or on other his parochial or ministerial Duty; or for any Horses or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the same; or for the Horse or Horsefe of Officers or Soldiers, or Militia or Local Militiamen on their March or on Duty, or for any Horse or Horses or other Beast, or any Cart, Carriage, or Waggon employed in carrying or conveying, or returning empty from carrying or conveying (having been employed only in carrying or conveying) the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or employed only in carrying or conveying, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, any sick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers; or for any Wain, Waggon, Carr, or other Carriage whatsoever, or the Horsd or Horses, or other Cattle drawing the same, employed in conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, Commissariat, or other public Stores, of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, or returning empty from having been so employed; or for any Horse furnished by or for any Person belonging to any CoTps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry or Infantry, and rode by such Person in going to or returning from any Place appointed for or on the Days of Exercise, Inspection, or Review, provided that such Person shall be dressed in the Uniform of his Corps, and shall have his Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulation of such Corps at the Time of claiming the Exemption; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons travelling with Vagrants sent by legal Passes, or returning empty after having been so employed; or {or any1 Horse or Horses, Coaches or other Carriages, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County of York, on the Days or Day of such Election, or on the Iky before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded $ and if any Person or Persons shall, by any fraudulent or collusive Means whatsoever, claim or takethe Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the same; every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, one Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act; and the same shall be levied and recovered in the same Manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures are by the said recited Act empowered or directed to be levied and recovered.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Waggons, Exemptions Carts, and other such Carriages, having the Wheels and Axfletrees by 55 3* formed as directed by art Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of affected.6 His late Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the Trustees of Turnpike Roads to abate the Tolls on Carriages, and to allow of their carrying extra Weights in certain Cafes, and the Horses and other Cattle drawing the same, shall have and enjoy the Privileges and Exemptions granted thereby-

520 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxiii.

t?° h°11

XIII. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend

on CaTmges or construec^to extend to charge the Owners or Drivers of any Wagcarrying Tim- gons> Carts, or other Carriages, carrying Timber to Scarborough afore-bertoScar- said, with any Toll or Duty upon their returning the next Day empty, borough, on the Owners or Drivers thereof producing a Note or Ticket signifying that ingnex^Dav suc^ or was Paid for suc^ Waggon, Cart, or Carriage the Day empty. 3 before j any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Owners or Drivers of Waggons in the Service of His Majesty, not subject to any Penalty for Overweight.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or driving, or causing to be driven any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage provided for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, Commissariat, or other public Stores, of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, shall be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture for Overweight, nor shall any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or the Horse or Horses drawing the same, be stopped or detained by reason of any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen; but it shall be lawful for the Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, to put any Number of Horses or Oxen to any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in the said recited Act and this Act contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Disputes as to Tolls to be settled by a Justice.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall arise concerning the Amount of Tolls due, or the Charges occasioned by any Distress, it shall be lawful for the Collector or Person distraining, to sell such Distress, or to retain the same, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof (as the Case may happen) until the Amount of Toll due, and the Charges of seizing, distraining, keeping, or selling such Distress (as the Case may happen) shall be ascertained by a Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, or District wherein the Cause of Dispute shall arise, who upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine into the said Matter upon Oath of the Parties, or any Witness or Witnesses, and determine the Amount of the Toll due; and it shall be lawful for such Justice to assess and award such Costs, to be paid by either of the Parties to the other of them, as he shall think just and reasonable; and in case of Non-payment thereof on Demand, such Costs shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party liable to pay the same, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering the Overplus of the Money which shall arise by such Sale (if any) to the Owner or Owners thereof, on Demand.

Toll Bar

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Keepers not Litigation shall arise, touching or in any wise relating to the Tolls hereby Witnesses"1 grante(l or made payable, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the same, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall not be deemed incompetent to give Evidence in any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of his or their being so appointed to collect the said Tolls.

Power to get

XVII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act Materials for of Thirty-eighth Year of His bte Majesty, as authorizes the Surveyor

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxiii. 521

or Surveyors of the said Roads, or any other Person, to cut, gather, dig, t^oad and carry away any Materials for repairing the said Roads, shall be and , iea e the same is hereby repealed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, or such other Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint, to search for, cut, dig, get, gather, and take away any Furze, Heath, Stone, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for making and repairing the said Roads, or any Bridges, Culverts, Walls, or Fences necessary thereto, out of and from any Commons and Waste Grounds, common River, Brook or Pit, in any Parishes, Townships, or Places in which any Part of the Roads hereby directed to be repaired shall lie, or in any adjoining Parishes, Townships, or Places, without paying any thing for the same, the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons acting by his or their Appointment, filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or sloping down the Banks where suc h Materials shall be taken, and railing or fencing off such Pits or Quarries, so that the same may not be dan-

serous to Passengers or Cattle; and it shall also be lawful for the said rustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, and such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, by Order of any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County or District in which the Lands shall be situate, to search for, cut, dig, gather, and take away any such Materials as aforesaid, in, off, from and out of the private or inclosed Lands and Grounds of any Person or Persons, in any Parishes, Townships, or Places in which any Part of the said Roads shall lie or be situate, or in any adjoining Parish, Township, or Place where the same may be had or found, (such Lands or Grounds not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, Walk, or Avenue to a House, or any Piece of Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees), making or tendering such Satisfaction for the same, and for any Damages done thereby to the Owners and Occupiers of the Grounds and Premises where and from whence the same shall be cut, dug, gotten, gathered, and carried away, or over which the same or any other Materials for repairing the said Roads shall be carried, according to their respective Rights and Interests in the Premises, as the said Trustees shall deem reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the said Trustees and the said Owners or Occupiers, or any of them, concerning the Value of such Materials and Damages, it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace for the County or District in which the Lands shall be situate, on Seven Days Notice thereof in Writing being given by either Party to the other, or left at their respective Places of Abode, to hear, settle, and determine the Matters of such Satisfaction and Damages.

Surveyors empowered to get Materials for repairing the Roads.

XIX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall not Notice to be be lawful for any Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other Person or Persons, gwentoOc-under the Authority of the said recited Act or this Act, to dig, gather, LanTbefore take, and carry away any Stone or other Materials, for making or repair- Materials ing the said Roads, or any Bridges, Culverts, Walls, and Fences, out of taken, and from any inclosed Lands and Grounds, until Ten Days previous Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupier at his usual Place of Residence, to appear before Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the County or Place wherein such Pre-[Local.] 5 Q mises

522 1* GEORGII IV. Cap. xxiii.

mises shall lie, to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier or his Agent shall not attend pursuant to such Notice, or shall attend, but shall not shew sufficient Cause to the contrary, such Justices shall if they think proper, authorize such Surveyor or other Person or Persons to dig, gather, take, and carry away such Stones and Materials at such Time or Times as to such Justices shall seem proper; and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or his Agent, before such Justices as aforesaid, then and in such Case such Justices shall and may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the Occupier or his Agent had attended.

Application

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Principal Money to arise sation!?611" ^rom Sale of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall •mounting be purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Act to 2001. and this Act, of any Bodies Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Tenant for Life or Tenant in Tail, Feoffees in Trust, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees, or from any Femes or Feme Covert, or other incapacitated Person or Persons, shall in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents or Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments standing settled therewith to the same or the like Uses, Intents, and Purposes j or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so to be purchased, in case such Purchases or Settlements were made.

6

XXL Pro *

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxiii.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in the Manner herein-before directed; ot otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two or more Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved by the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising therefrom, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case shall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next herein-before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit j or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased, taken, or used by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the same, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees j or in case the Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments [describing them] subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the same Court shall seem meet, to order the same

Where less than 2001. and above201.

Where Compensation under 201.

Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank of England in certain Cases.

524 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxiii.

same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the same is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

In case of

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any

ThJe*ted Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be

* ' paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this A &, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to be lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said High Court of Chancery j and the Dividends or Interest of such Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court, that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

Court may

XXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason

°encefto be any ^i^bility or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation,

paidbyTrus- entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased tee*. under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as to the said Court shall seem reasonable^ together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

Gates to

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Gate of any Park, Paddock, open inwards. Field, or Inclosure whatsoever, adjoining the said Roads, shall be made to open into or towards any Part of the said Roads, or suffered to continue so to open, except the hanging Post thereof shall be Twenty Feet at least from the Centre of such Part of the said Roads; and that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at a Meeting, to order all such Gates as are now hung or erected, or may hereafter be hung or erected, and which open and swing outward towards the said Roads,

525

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxiii.

to be altered and made to swing inwards; and if any Occupier or Occupiers of the Land upon which any Gate or Gates is or are or shall be constructed so as to open and swing outwards towards the said Roads* contrary to the Meaning of this A£, shall not within Ten Days after Notice to him, her, or them given, either personally or in Writing from the Clerk or Surveyor of the said Roads, cause such Gate to be hung so that the same shall not open outward or swing towards the said Roads, or so that no Part of the Gate when open shall project over any Part of the said Roads, or any Footpath or Causeway belonging thereto, the Clerk or Surveyor of the said Roads is hereby authorized to cause the Gate to be hung according to the Intention of this Act, and the Person or Persons guilty of such NegleCI or Default shall, upon Complaint made thereof to any Justice of the Peace acting in and for the said Riding, and Proof of such Neglect or Default, by the Oath ot One credible Witness, pay to such Clerk or Surveyor, such Sum as the said Justice shall direct, to defray the Expence of making the Alteration and hanging such Gate, and shall also forfeit and pay a further Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Penalty on shall ride upon any Causeway or Footway, upon or on the Side of or;

adjoining to the said Roads, or shall drive any Horse, Beast, or Swine, or juring^the any Carriage upon, or cause any Damage to be done to, any such Cause- Road, or way or Footway; or if any Person shall cause to be hauled or drawn committing upon any Part of the said Roads, any Timber, Stone, or other Thing,

(otherwise than upon wheeled Carriages), or shall suffer any Tim- 1 n' ber. Stone, or other Thing, which shall be carried upon wheeled Carriages, to drag upon the said Roads to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person driving any Pigs or Swine upon the said Roads, shall suffer the same to root up and damage the said Roads or the Fences on either Side thereof; or if any Person driving any Carriage upon the said Roads, shall ride upon the Shafts or any other Part of the said Carriage, without holding the Reins of the Horse or Horses, or meeting another Carriage shall not keep his or her Carriage on his or her left or near Side of the Road, and also keep on the same Side himself; or if any Person shall in any other Manner wilfully prevent any other Person or Persons from passing him or her, or any Carriage under his or her Care, upon the said Roads; or if any Person or Persons shall turn loose, or permit or suffer any Beast or Swine to run loose, or stray or graze or depasture on the said Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof; or if any Person after having blocked or stopped any Carriage whatsoever, in going up any Hill or rising Ground, shall leave or permit or suffer to be or remain on the said Roads, or any of them, the Stone or other Thing made use of in the blocking or stopping of such Carriage; or if any Person shall make or assist in making any Fire or Fires, or shall set fire to or let off or throw any Squib, Rocket,

Serpent, or Firework whatsoever, on any Part of the said Roads, or within Eighty Feet of the Centre thereof, or play at Football, or any other Game or Games whatsoever, on any Part of the said Roads, to the Annoyance of any Passenger or Passengers; or shall leave any Carriage (except in Cases of Accident) upon or on the Side of the said Roads longer than may be necessary to load or unload the same, either with or without any Horse or Beast of Draught harnessed or yoked thereto; or if any Person or Persons not being the Surveyor or Surveyors thereof, or authorized by [Local.'] 6 R him

1° GEORGII IV. C(tp* xxiii.

him or them, shall lay any Timber, Stone, Lime, Hay, Straw, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, upon the said Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof, between the Road and Fences erected or to be erected on the Side thereof, or shall scrape off any Mud, Soil, or other Matter or Thing which shall be or lie upon any Part of the said Roads, or the Sides thereof, or shall remove or carry away any Mud, Soil, or other Matter or Thing which shall have been scraped and placed thereon, or on the Sides thereof, under the Authority of the said Trustees, or such Surveyor or Surveyors, unless the same be done at such Times and under such Regulations as the Trustees or their Surveyor shall directj or if any Person or Persons shall plough or break up any of the Soil between the Road and such Fences as aforesaid, for the Purpose of making Compost or Manure, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as relates to the Performance of Statute Work on the said Roads, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that from and after the passing of this Act, all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Roads, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace, within their respective Jurisdictions, and they are hereby required and empowered upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or by their Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor, or by their Order, and also upon giving at least Ten Days previous Notice in Writing, to the Surveyors of the Highways of each and every Parish, Township, or Place through which the said Roads pass, of such Application, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads, by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, or Places, in which the said Roads lie; and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, or Place, to bring in Lists before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Seven Days after the serving of such Summons), of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township, or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lists of Names shall' be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force for the Repairs of the public Highways; and out of such Lists the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads, as the said Justices shall think reasonable j and the same shall be done on such Days and

l"' GEORGII IV. Csp.xxiii. 527

1 and on such Times (not being Haytime or Harvest) and on such Parts

of the said Roads, within the said respective Parishes, Townships, or !, Places, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or their Sur-

{ veyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint;

, and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons, who

I by such Lists shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any

Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper to the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township,

, or Place, to be by him or them paid to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as such Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said recited Acts i authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid (after Five Days Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said Trustees) shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams,

Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come or be sent to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, and shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof, in Manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences of Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, this Act. together with legal Interest on the Money advanced for that Purpose, from the Time of advancing or disbursing the same, shall be paid out of any Money which hath arisen by virtue of the said recited Act, or out of the first Monies which shall arise by virtue of this Act.

[Public Act.]

XXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such

by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

528 1° GEORGII IV. Cajo.xxiii.

Term and

XXXI. And be if further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon Copriniaaiice the Day the same shall receive the Royal Assent, and shall continue in o is ct. farce during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1820.

ANNO PRIMO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. xxiv.

An Act to continue and amend Three Acts passed in the Second, Twenty-second, and Thirty-ninth Years of His late Majesty King George the Third, for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road at Weyhill, in the County of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at Lyde Way, in the County of Wilts.

[22d June 1820.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Second Year of the Reign

of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act 2G. 3. C. 60. for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Weyhill, in the County of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at Lyde Way, in the County of Wilts: And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An 22G. 3. C. 109. Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Weyhill, in the County of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at Lyde Way, in the County of Wilts: And whereas another Act was passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Tears, and from thence to 39G.3. c. 20. the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts passed in the Second and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Weyhill, in the County of Southampton,

[Local.'] 6 S to

530

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxiv.

to the Turnpike Road at Lyde Way, in the County of Wilts: And whereas the Trustees appointed under and by virtue of the said several Acts have made considerable Progress in the Repair and Improvement of the said Road, and have borrowed and taken up at Interest considerable Sums on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said several Acts, great Part of which still remains due, and cannot be repaid, unless the Term thereby granted be further extended, the Tolls increased, and additional Powers granted: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Acts conti- That the said recited Acts, and the several Clauses, Powers, Exemptions, mied. Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things therein contained (except such as are varied, altered, or repealed), shall, together with this present Act, be put in Execution, during the Term herein-after mentioned, in like Manner, and as fully and effectually in all respects, and to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said several Clauses, Powers, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things contained in the said recited Acts, were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act; which said additional Term hereby granted shall be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing on the Credit of the said recited Acts, and also of all further Sums which may be borrowed and become due on the Credit of this Act, and of the Interest due or to grow due for the same respectively.

Magistrates

II. And be it further enacted, That the acting Magistrates for the of Hants and Counties of Southampton and Wilts shall be, and they are hereby added Trustees to an£* j°^nec^ with the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, and shall have such and the like Powers and Authorities for carrying the same into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the like Rules and Regulations as the other Trustees.

Power to

III. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any of the elect other Trustees already appointed, or appointed or elected in pursuance of the

rustees. ^cts an(j t^js sjjau or \yrjting uncjer their Hands decline,

or for the Space of Two Years at any one Time, shall neglect to act in the Execution of the said Acts and this Act, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Trustees from Time to Time to elect and appoint

One or more fit and proper Person or Persons to be a Trustee or

Trustees in the Room of every Trustee or Trustees dying, declining, or

neglecting to act as aforesaid, provided that public Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting of the said Trustees for every such Election, be given by the Clerk to the said Trustees, by affixing the same in Writing upon all the Toll Gates then erected upon the said Road, and by inserting such Notice in One or more of the Newspapers published within the County of Wilts or Southampton, Ten Days at least before every such Meeting; and every Person who shall be elected and appointed a Trustee or Trustees, pursuant to the Directions of the said Acts and this Act, shall and may act with the surviving and continuing Trustees in the Execution of the said Acts and this Act, to all Intents and Purposes, as if he or they had been named and appointed a Trustee or Trustees in and by the said Acts or this Act.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap.-xx.iv.

IV. And whereas it is by the said first recited Act enacted, that no Person shall act as a Trustee in the Execution thereof, who shall not be possessed of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of a Person possessed of an Estate in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, or be possessed of Personal Estate alone, or Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount and Value of Eight hundred Pounds: And whereas the said Provision has been found inconvenient; be it therefore enacted, That the same shall be and is hereby repealed.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of the said Acts and this Act, unless he shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession or Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Freehold or Copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be Heir Apparent of a Person so seized of Freehold or Copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the yearly Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds, above Reprizes, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate, or Real and Personal Estate together, of the Amount or Value of Four thousand Pounds; and if any Person, not being so qualified, shall presume to act as a Trustee in the Execution of the said Acts and this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and every Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, upon Proof being given of his having acted as a Trustee in the Execution of the said Acts and this Act: Provided nevertheless, that all Acts and Proceedings by any such Person as a Trustee in the Execution of the said Acts and this Act, previous to his being convicted of the said Offence, shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Trustee appointed, or to be elected and appointed by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, before he shall act as such (except in administering the Oath herein-after mentioned), shall take and subscribe an Oath before Two or more of the said Trustees (who are hereby empowered to administer the same), in the Form or to the Effect following; that is to say,

* j A.B. do swear, That I am, in my own Right, [V, in the Right of 4 -I- my Wife,] truly and bona fide seised or possessed of, and in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Freehold or Copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, above Reprizes; [or, am Heir Apparent of 4 a Person truly and bona fide seised or possessed of, and in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Freehold or Copyhold 1 Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the yearly Value

531

Repeal of Qualification of Trustees.

Qualification of Trustees.

Trustees to take an Oath.

532

Trustees holding Places of Profit not to act.

All Acts may be done by Five Trustees, unless otherwise directed.

Meetings on Emergencies.

Repeal of Provision for verifying Ac-

1 GEORGII IV. Cap. xxiv.

* of One hundred and fifty Pounds, above Reprizes; or, am truly and bona fide possessed of a Personal Estate, or Real and Personal Estate

* together, of the Amount or Value of Four thousand Pounds], and that I will truly and faithfully execute the Powers and Trusts reposed in

* me by Four Acts of Parliament, passed in the Second, Twenty-second, ‘ and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the ‘ Third, and in the First Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled [here set forth the Titles of the said Acts.']

'So help me GOD. ’

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of the said Acts and this Act, during the Time he shall hold any Place of Profit, or be interested or concerned in any Contract or Contracts under the said Acts and this Act; but that no Mortgagee or Assignee of any Mortgage or other Security, nor any Lender of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts and this Act, or receiving Interest thereout for the same, shall be on that Account deemed unqualified to act as a Trustee in the Execution of the said Acts and this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Acts, Matters, and Things relative to the Execution of the said Acts and this Act, may be done and executed by the Majority of the Trustees present at their Meetings, the whole Number present not being less than Five; and all Acts, Matters, and Things done or executed by such Majority of the Trustees at such Meetings shall be as good, valid, and effectual as if the same had been done by all the Trustees named or appointed by the said Act or this Act, except in the Cases by the said Acts and this Act particularly directed to be done and executed by any greater or less Number of them; and at every Meeting of the said Trustees a Chairman shall be appointed; and when and so often as it shall happen that there shall be an Equality of Votes at any such Meeting, upon any Question, including the Vote of the Chairman, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the Chairman to give the decisive or casting Vote.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of the said Trustees, it shall at any Time be thought necessary that an earlier Day of Meeting should be appointed than the Day appointed by such Adjournment, in that Case the Clerk to the said Trustees, or any Two or more of the said Trustees, upon an Order in Writing signed by Three or more of the said Trustees, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice thereof in the Manner before directed, and of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees (such Meeting not being less than Seven Days after such Notice), and such earlier Meeting shall and may be held accordingly } and all the Orders and Determinations of the said Trustees, at all such Meetings, shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in case such Meetings had been held in pursuance of Adjournments.

X. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, as requires any

Officer

533

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxiv.

Officer or other Person to verify his Account on Oath, and as autho- counts on rizes the Trustees for executing the said Act, to administer an Oath to °at any such Officer or Officers appointed or to be appointed by virtue of the said Acts or this Act, as to the Chrrectness or Justness of his or their Accounts, or respecting any Sum or Sums of Money received or expended by virtue of his or their Office, shall be and is hereby repealed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of Orders to b«

the Trustees shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that in a

Purpose, and such Orders and Proceedings so entered shall be signed by 00

the Trustees making the same, or by the Chairman at such Meeting; which Book or Books, and also the Book or Books by the said first recited Act directed to be kept for registering Mortgages and Assignments or Transfers thereof, shall be admitted as Evidence in all Courts whatever.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and Accounts to they are hereby required from Time to Time and at all Times during *>e kePl of the Continuance of this Act, to order and direct a Book or Books to

be provided and kept by their Clerk for the Time being, in which inent9.

Book or Books such Clerk shall enter or cause to be entered true and regular Accounts of all Sums of Money received, paid, laid out and expended for or on account of the said Road, and of the several Articles,

Matters, and Things, for which any Sums of Money shall have been disbursed, laid out, and paid; which Book or Books shall at all seasonable Times be open to the Inspection of the said Trustees, or any Creditor or Creditors on the Tolls granted by the said Acts and this Act without Fee or Reward; and the said Trustees and Creditors shall or may take Copies of or Extracts from the said Book or Books, or any Part or Parts thereof, without paying any Thing for the same; and in case the said Clerk shall refuse to permit the said Trustees or such Creditors, or any of them, to inspect the same, or take such Copies or Extracts as aforesaid, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied and recovered in Manner in the said first recited Act directed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Incapacity, Trustees may Absconding, or Absence of any Collector or Receiver of Tolls, any appoint tem-Three or more of the said Trustees, though not assembled at any Ge- *££ neral Meeting of the Trustees, appointed by virtue of the said Acts and in certain this Act, by Writing under their respective Hands, shall and may nomi- Cases, nate and appoint a proper Person to be a Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls, to continue until the then next Meeting of the said Trustees, in the Stead of such Collector or Receiver as shall so die, become incapable, abscond, or absent himself, which Person so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority and be answerable or accountable in the same Manner in all Respects as the Person who shall die, become incapable, abscond, or absent himself, would have had or been subject to; and if any Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls who shall be discharged from his said Office by the said Trustees, or the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or Representatives of any Collector or Receiver, who shall die, abscond, absent himself, or be [Local.'] 6 T discharged,

53i> 1" GEORGII IV. Cap .xxiv.

discharged, or any other Person having the Possession of any Toll House or Buildings to be erected or set up by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, shall neglect or refuse to deliver up such Possession for the Space of Three Days after Demand thereof made, and Notice in Writing given for that Purpose, by any Three or more of the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Treasurer’, ' then and in any of the said Cases it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Counties of Southampton and Wilts, or either of them, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer for either of the said Counties, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such House or Building in the Daytime and to remove the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his or their Goods, out of the same, and to put the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or any of their Officers, in the possession thereof.

Clerk restrained from

Treasurer, and rice versS.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person who has been or may be appointed to act as their Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk, the Treasurer for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, or any of them, or to continue or appoint the Person who has been or may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, the Clerk to the said Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, or any of them; or if any Person shall act in both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, or any of them; or if any Person, being the Partner of any such Clerk, shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of such Treasurer, shall act as Clerk in the Execution of the said Acts and this Act, or any of them, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager 6f Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

Repealing

XV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing former Tolls, of this Act, the several Tolls and Duties granted in and by the said and granting recited Acts shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable, others in lieu an£j t|lat instead thereof the respective Tolls or Duties following shall t ereo. demanded and taken before any Horse, Beast, or other Cattle, or any

Carriage, shall be permitted to pass through any Turnpike or Gate erected or to be erected by Virtue of the said Acts or this Act, upon and across the said Road, or upon and across any Lane or Way leading into the same; (that is to say),

Tollj For every Horse, Mule, or Ass, drawing any Coach, Chariot, Landau,

Landaulet, Phaeton, Marine, Berlin, Barouche, Chaise, Calash, Curricle, Hearse, Gig, Chair, or Taxed Cart, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

For every Horse or Beast of Draught, drawing any Caravan, Waggon, Wain, Dung Cart, or other such like Carriage, exceeding the Number of One, the Sum of Pour-pence Halfpenny j and for One Horse or Beast of Draught so drawing, the Sum of Three-pence:

For

1" GE.ORGII IV. Cap. xxiv, 535

For every empty Carriage with Four Wheels, fastened to or behind any Waggon, Wain, Dung Cart, or other Carriage, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny; and for every empty Carriage with Two Wheels so fastened, the Sum of Two-pence Halfpenny; and if loaded, Double such respective Sums:

For every Horse, Mule, or Ass, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Three Halfpence:

Fo, r every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of On?

Shilling and Three-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number; and,

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Pigs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Seven-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number.

XVI. And be it enacted, That no Person shall be liable to pay Toll Persons not more than once for passing at any Time or Times with the same Horses, t0Jj"^ie Cattle, or Carriages in the same Day, to be computed from Twelve of Jor reeturning< the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night,

through any one Turnpike erected by virtue of the said Acts or this Act, but all and every such Person and Persons, after having paid such Tolls or Toll respectively as aforesaid, shall, upon producing a Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, denoting such Payments or Payment, afterwards pass with such Horses, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage Toll-free during such Day, to be computed as aforesaid, through the respective Gates or Gate where such Payments or Payment respectively were or was made, which Notes or Tickets the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to give gratis on the Receipt of the Toll.

XVII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no more Half Toll to than One Half of the Tolls by this Act granted shall be taken for the be taken be-Passage of any Cattle or Carriage through any Gate or Gates upon or

on the Side or Sides of the said Roa4 between the Turnpike or Toll Lydeway. Gate erected at or near Uphaven and I^ydeway, but that all Persons having paid the said Half Toll, and, producing a Note or Ticket denoting the Payment thereof, which the Person receiving the said Half Toll is hereby required, to give gratis, shall, upon Payment of the other Half of such Toll, be permitted to pass and repass in the same Day through the Turnpike or Toll Gate erected or to be erected upon the said Road, at or near Uphaven; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person shall Persons to pay the respective Tolls by this Act granted for the passing of any Horse be exempted or Beast, Carriage or Cattle, at any Gate or Turnpike erected in, on returning across, or on the Side of that Part or Division of the said Road lying along the between the present Turnpike Road at Weyhill and Uphaven, such Person, Road be-upon producing a Note or Ticket of the Day, denoting such Payment, ^ey’ and at what Gate the same was made, shall be permitted to pass, return, Uphaven. and repass with the same Horse or Beast, Carriage or Cattle, Toll-free through the same, or any other Gate or Turnpike upon that Division of the said Road, at any Time or Times during the same Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in one Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next Night.

536

Persons to be exempted from Toll on returning along the Road between Up-haven and Lydeway.

Stage

Coaches and Post Chaise.

Tickets to be provided.

Power to reduce Tolls and raise them again.

Power to declare Leases void, on Nonpayment of the Rent.

1* GEORGII IV. Cap. xxiv.

XIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Person shall pay the respective Tolls by this Act granted for the passing of any Horse or Beast, Carriage or Cattle at any Gate or Turnpike erected upon, in, across, or on the Side of that Part or Division of the said Road lying between Uphaven and the present Turnpike Road at Lydeway aforesaid, such Person, upon producing such Note or Ticket as aforesaid, shall be permitted to pass and repass with the same Horse or Beast, Carriage or Cattle Toll-free through the same, and every or any other Gate or Turnpike on that Division of the said Road, at any Time or Times during the same Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in one Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Tolls hereby granted shall be paid for and in respect of all Horses or Mules drawing any Stage Coach, every Time they shall pass upon the said Road, and for and in respect of all Post Horses or Mules drawing any Post Chaise or other Carriage, every Time they shall pass through any such Toll Gate or Turnpike; and the Driver thereof shall deliver a Ticket denoting a fresh Hiring, any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Tolls by this Act granted, the Collector or Receiver thereof shall and he is hereby required to deliver gratis to the Person paying such Tolls a Note or Ticket denoting such Payment, and which Note or Ticket shall be provided by the said Trustees, and there shall be printed and specified thereon the Names of the several and respective Gates freed by such Payment.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time as they shall think proper, to lessen or reduce all or any of the Tolls granted or authorized to be taken by this Act, and to raise them again to any Sum not exceeding the Tolls respectively hereby granted or authorized to be taken; provided that every such Reduction be made with the Consent of the Persons who shall be entitled to Five Sixth Parts at least of the Money then due on the Credit of such Tolls, and that Notice in Writing be given of a Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, by affixing the same upon all the Turnpike Gates then erected upon the said Road, Fourteen Days before the Meeting for making such Reduction; and such Tolls so lessened, varied, or reduced, or raised again, shall be vested in the said Trustees, and shall be collected in such Parts and Proportions at such of the Turnpike Gates on the said Road as they the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall direct, and shall be collected, recovered, paid, and applied in the same Manner as the Tolls hereby granted or authorized to be taken, are directed to be collected, recovered, and applied.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if upon or after any Letting or Agreement for Letting the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, by the said Trustees, any Default shall be made in Payment of the Rent agreed to be paid for the same, or any Part thereof, on the Days appointed for Payment thereof, then and in such Case the said Trustees shall and may

537

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxiv.

and are hereby empowered, at any Meeting after Notice of the holding of such Meeting shall have been given to the Lessee or Lessees of the said Tolls, and shall have been also affixed upon all the Turnpikes or Gates then erected or standing upon or across the said Road, Ten Days at least before such Meeting, to declare any Lease of the said Tolls, or any Contract or Agreement for letting the same void, and such Lease,

Contract, or Agreement, shall thereupon be void to all Intents and Purposes, from the Time of such Declaration; but the said Lessee or Lessees, or his or their Surety or Sureties, shall nevertheless be liable for all Rent and Arrears of Rent then due and owing upon or by virtue of any such Lease, Contract, or Agreement, and for all Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences which the said Trustees, or their Treasurer for the Time being, shall or may pay, sustain, or be put unto by reason of the Non-performance of any Covenant or Agreement, Covenants or Agreements, to be contained in any such Lease, Contract, or Agreement on the Part of such Lessee or Lessees.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if the Lessee or Lessees of Forobtaining any of the Tolls hereby granted, or any Person or Persons claiming

under him or them, shall, at any Time after the Expiration of the Term for which such Tolls shall be leased, or for the Space of Two Days after the Demise, Lease, or Agreement for letting of such Tolls shall be declared void as aforesaid, refuse to deliver up the Possession of the Toll House or Toll Houses, Buildings, and Premises which shall have been let or demised to him or them, with the Tolls so let or leased, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where such Toll House or Toll Houses, Buildings, and Premises shall be situate respectively, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order the Constables or other Peace Officers of the Parish or Place where such Toll House or Toll Houses, Buildings, and Premises shall be situate, or any other Person or Persons to whom such Warrant shall be specially directed, with proper Assistants, to enter such Toll House or Toll Houses,

Buildings, and Premises respectively, in the Day-time, and to remove the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods and Chattels out of such Toll House or Toll Houses, Buildings, and Premises, and to put any Person or Persons whom the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint, in Possession of the said Toll House or Toll Houses, Buildings, and Premises, so that the Tolls payable thereat may from thenceforth be received and taken for the Use of the said Trustees, to be applied as by the said recited Acts or this Act is directed.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of Toll Houses, and in all the Toll Gates and Toll Houses, Weighing Machines, Buildings, &c. vested in Lamps, Bars, Toll Boards, Direction Boards, Posts, Rails, and Fences, ^rustees-. which shall be erected and provided in pursuance of the said Acts and this Act, with the several Conveniences and Appurtenances thereunto respectively belonging, and the Materials of which the same shall consist, and all Materials which shall be provided for repairing the said Road, shall be vested in the said Trustees for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to apply and dispose of the same as they shall think fit, and to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, and to prefer and prosecute, or order and direct the preferring and prosecuting {Local.'] 6 U of

m

Power to remove Toll Gates.

For settling Disputes concerning Tolls.

To prevent Evasion of Tolls.

l- GEORGII IV. C«p.xxiv.

of any Informations or Indictments against any Person or Persons who shall dig up, break, or pull down, steal, take, or carry away, spoil, destroy, injure, or damage any of the Toll Gates or Toll Houses, Weighing Machines, Buildings, Lamps, Bars, Toll Boards, Direction Boards, Posts, Rails, and Fences, or any of the Conveniences and Appurtenances thereto belonging, or any of the Materials aforesaid, stating the Property therein to be in their Clerk or Treasurer.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, as they shall think proper, to cause any of the Toll Gates or Toll Bars which are or shall be erected in, upon, or across, or on the Side or Sides of the said Road, to be removed and placed upon such other Part or Parts of the said Road, or the Side or Sides thereof, as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time order and direct, provided that none of the said Toll Gates or Toll Bars shall be removed as aforesaid, unless Fourteen Days previous Notice of the Intention to remove the same shall have been given in One or more of the Newspapers published within the Counties of Southampton and Wilts aforesaid, and also affixed in Writing upon all the Toll Gates then standing upon the said Road.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall happen about the Amount of the Tolls due, or the Charges of making, keeping, or selling any Distress, taken by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, it shall be lawful for the Collector or Person distraining to retain such Distress, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof (a> the Case may happen), until the Amount of the Tolls due, and of the Charges of the Distress and Sale, of keeping the Distress (as the Case shall happen), shall be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the County where such Dispute shall arise, who, on Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the Matter on the Oath of the Parties or other Witness or Witnesses, and shall determine the Amount of the Tolls due, and shall award such Costs and Charges to either Party as to the said Justice shall appear right and proper, all which Costs and Charges shall and may be levied and recovered in case of Non-payment thereof forthwith, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting the Costs and Charges of making such Distress and Sale, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and sold.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, with any Horse, Cattle, or Beast, drawing or not drawing, in order to avoid Payment of the said Tolls, or any of them, pass through any Land or Ground adjoining to, or lying near any Toll Gate or Toll Bar, to be erected by virtue of this Act (except the Owner or Occupier of any such Land or Ground, or any of his, her, or their Family or Servants) j or if any Owner or Occupier of any such Land or Ground shall knowingly permit or suffer any Person or Persons (except as aforesaid) with any Horse, Cattle, or Beast, to pass through the same, with Intent to evade the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof $ or if any Person or Persons shall give to or receive from any Person other than the Collectors of such Tolls, or forge or counterfeit any Ticket by this Act directed to be given by the Collectors of the said Tolls, or shall forcibly

2 pass

539

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxiv.

pass through any Toll Gate or Toll Bar with any Horse, Cattle, or Beast, without Payment of Toll, or shall take off any Horse, Beast, or other Cattle, from any Carriage, with Intent to evade the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, or shall leave or cause to be left upon or near to any Part of the said Road any Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or Beast, with an Intent to evade the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, every Person so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, at j the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said first recited Act as relates to the Exemptions from Tolls, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse or Carriage attending His Majesty or any of the Royal Family.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse or Cattle which shall not pass more than One hundred Yards on the said Road $ nor for any Horse or Cattle drawing any Carriage, passing through any of the Toll Gates or Toll Bars to be erected upon or on the Sides of the said Road, carrying or conveying Stones, Bricks, Lime, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials to be used on or about the said Road, or for repairing any of the Highways or Bridges in the Parishes, Districts, or Places, which are liable to perform Statute Duty upon any Part of the said Road, in their Way to, or on their Return, after having been so employed; nor for any Horse or Cattle drawing any Carriage employed in carrying or conveying Hay or Corn in the Straw, not sold or disposed of, or going to be sold or disposed of, but going to be laid up in the Houses, Out Houses, Barns, or Yards of the Owners thereof, or drawing, carrying, or conveying any Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Husbandry to be used in the Cultivation of Lands, carried from one Part to another of Lands occupied by the same Person or Persons, or in carrying or conveying Mould, Dung, Ashes, Soil, or Compost for the manuring of Lands, or on their Way to or on their Return after having been so employed; nor from any Rector, Vicar, or Curate, going to or returning from performing his Duty at any Church or Chapel, or to or from visiting any of his sick Parishioners; nor of or from any other Person or Persons for passing through any of the said Toll Gates or Toll Bars, to or from any his, her, or their proper Parochial Church or Chapel, or from any Person or Persons going to or from his, her, or their usual Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, on Sundays, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or who shall attend the Funeral of any Person or Persons who shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes, Districts, or Places; nor for any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Ass, or Cattle, kept within such Parishes, Districts, or Places, going to or returning from Work, in cultivating Lands therein; nor for any Horse or Cattle going to or returning from Water or Pasture, or going to or returning from being shod or farried 5 nor for any Horse or Carriage of whatsoever Description, employed or to be employed, in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses,

under

Former Act repealed.

Royal Family exempt from Toll.

Exemptions from Toll.

540

Carriages employed in His Majesty's Service, not to be subject to Regulations for Overweight.

Particular Exemptions from Tolls.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxiv.

under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding the same, or in returning back from conveying the same; nor for the Horses of Officers and Soldiers on their March or on Duty; nor for Carriages or Horses, or other Beasts employed in carrying the Arms or Baggage of such Officers or Soldiers, or in carrying any wounded or disabled Officers or Soldiers; nor for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, or to any Field Officers, Adjutant, or other mounted Officer of Volunteer Infantry, and rode by him in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided that all such Persons .are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the lime of claiming such Exemption, and not otherwise; nor for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, or the Horse or Horses, or other Cattle drawing the same, which shall be employed in conveying any Ordnance or Barrack, or other Public or Commissariat Stores, of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces; nor for any Carriage, Horse, or other Beast employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants, travelling with legal Passes, or returning after having been so employed; nor for any Horse or Carriage going to or returning from any Election of a Knight of the Shire, to serve in Parliament for the said County of Southampton or Wilts, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person shall claim and take the Benefit of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled thereto, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or driving, or causing to be driven, any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage provided for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat, or other Public Stores, of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, shall be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture for Overweight, nor shall any Waggon, Wain, Carr, or other Carriage, while so employed, be stopped or detained by reason of any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Number of Horses or Cattle j but it shall be lawful for any Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, to put any Number of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage; any thing in any Act of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Inhabitant of the Village of Apples haw, in the County of Southampton, or of Biddesden and Chute Forest, in the County of Wilts, shall be liable to any of the Tolls by the said recited Act granted, to arise or to be taken at the present Turnpike or Toll Gate, erected in Appleshaw or Rednam Lane, in this Act mentioned; or at any Gate or Gates to be erected in Appleshaw or Rednam Lane, aforesaid, for any Horses, Cattle, or Beasts, his, her, or their Property, passing to or from their Dwelling Houses, Lands, or Hereditaments, in Appleshaw, Biddesden, or Chute Forest aforesaid; nor shall any Inhabitant of Rednam be liable to any such Tolls at the present or any future Turnpike

541

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxiv.

pike or Toll Gate to be erected in Rednam Lane aforesaid, for any of their Worses, Cattle, or Beasts, passing to or from their Dwelling Houses,

Lands, or Hereditaments, in Rednam aforesaid.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That during such Time as the said Lessees of

Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be leased, demised, or in Farm, Tolls may to any Person or Persons whomsoever, it shall be lawful for the Lessee or ^r"

Lessees, Farmer or Farmers thereof, or such other Person or Persons as ceive the he, she, or they shall, by Writing or Writings under his, her, or their same.

Hand or Hands, authorize or appoint, to demand and take the said Tolls

so leased, demised, or farmed, and to use all such Means and Methods for the Recovery thereof, incase of Non-payment or Evasion, as any Collector of the said Tolls, appointed under or by virtue of this Act, is by this Act authorized or empowered to use; and such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, so demanding and taking the said Foils, shall be subject to the like Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and shall be liable to the like Actions and Prosecutions, as any Collector of the said Tolls appointed by the said Trustees, is subject or liable to.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Lessee or Lessees, or penalty on Farmer or Farmers of the Tolls, at any Toll Gate or Toll Bar to be erected Renters of upon the said Road, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, Agent or Agents, To, ls Som" shall make any Composition, by the Year or otherwise, with the Inhabitants o^erweifht of any Town or Place, or with any Person or Persons whomsoever, for

and in lieu of the Tolls of any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, liable to be weighed at any Engine or Engines to be erected upon the said Road, for or in respect of the Over-weight thereof; and in case any Lessee or Lessees, Farmer, or Deputy, or Agent, shall offend herein, every such Lessee or Farmer, or Deputy or Agent, shall on Conviction thereof, by Confession, or upon the Oath of One Witness, before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Southampton or Wilts, forfeit and pay, besides the Costs and Charges attending the Conviction, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and shall also forfeit his or their Contract or Lease for renting the Tolls, if the Trustees shall think proper to order that the same shall be thereupon vacated and made void, and every such Composition shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be null and void; and One Moiety of every such Penalty as aforesaid shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Road, to be applied towards the Repairs thereof; the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so convicted, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of such Justice or Justices as aforesaid.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Toll Collector, whether punjsiling appointed by the said Trustees or by any Lessee or Lessees under them, Collectors shall, and he is hereby required to place his Christian and Surname, misbehaving, painted on a Board in legible Characters, in the Front, or on some other conspicuous Part of the Toll House or Toll Gate, immediately upon his

coming on Duty, each of the Letters of such Name or Names to beat least Two Inches in Length, and of a Breadth in Proportion, and painted in White Letters on a Black Ground, or Black Letters on a White Ground, and shall continue the same so placed during the whole Time he shall be upon such Duty; and if any Collector of the said Tolls shall not place CLocal.] 6 X such

542

Collectors declared not to be incompetent Witnesses.

Allowing an Action of Ejectment, to be supported by one Mortgagee.

Trustees not to widen or alter Road beyond a certain Extent.

Application of Money awarded above 2001.

1° GEORGII IV. Cajo.xxiv.

such Board as aforesaid, and keep the same there during the Time aforesaid, or shall demand or take a greater or less Toll from any Person or Persons than he shall be authorized to do by virtue of the Powers of this Act, or shall demand and take a Toll from any Person or Persons who shall be exempt from the Payment thereof, and claim such Exemption, or shall refuse to permit or suffer, or shall in anywise hinder any Person or Persons from reading such Christian or Surname, or shall refuse to tell his Christian or Surname, to any Person or Persons who shall demand the same, on having paid the said Tolls, or any of them, or shall give a false Name or Names on such Demand, or shall refuse or neglect to give a Ticket to denote the Payment of the Toll, such Ticket having specified thereon the several Gates freed by such Payment, or shall make use of any scurrilous or blasphemous Language to any Trustee, Treasurer, Clerk, Surveyor, or other Officer, or to any Person or Persons travelling upon the said Road, or shall, without sufficient Cause, detain or delay any Person or Persons travelling thereon, then and in every such Case every such Collector shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, as the Justice or Justices before whom the Information shall be laid shall adjudge and determine.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation shall arise, touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the same, or any other Person or Persons acting under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall not be incompetent on account of his being appointed to collect such Tolls, to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Mortgagee or Mortgagees of the Tolls granted by the said recited Acts or this Act shall seek to obtain the Possession of the Toll Gates, Toll Houses, and Buildings erected on the said Road, in order to pay himself, herself, or themselves the Principal Money and Interest, or any Part thereof, due to him, her, or them, it shall be competent for him, her, or them, as Lessor or Lessors of the Plaintiff, and upon his, her, or their Demise only, and without uniting in such Demise the other Mortgagees of the said Tolls and Premises, to obtain such Possession, but such Person or Persons who shall obtain the Possession thereof shall not apply the Tolls which may consequently be received by him, her, or them, to his, her, or their own exclusive Use and Benefit, but to and for the Use and Benefit of all the Mortgagees of the said Tolls, Toll Gates, Buildings, and Premises pari passu> and in Proportion to the several Sums which may be due to them as such Mortgagees.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to widen, divert, turn, or alter any Part or Parts of the said Road, beyond the Limits of One hundred Yards, without the Consent in Writing of the Owners or Proprietors of the Lands through which the same shall be carried.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said Acts and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, 7 Feme

548

l- GEORGII IV. Cap. xxkv.

Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or other Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said Acts mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, standing settled therewith to the same or the like Uses,

Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under and with the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance or Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said High Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Where less so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- than -001-ments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and be- above longing to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in such Cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like

Option,

644

Where not more than 20*.

In case of not making out a good Title, &c.

l' GEORGII IV. Cap. xxiv.

Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said High Court of Chancery.

XLII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid, as next before mentioned, shall not exceed Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Us§ and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded or assessed for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, shall refuse to accept the same, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in case the Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded or assessed as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (describing them), subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said High Court of Chancery; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem meet, just, and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the same is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

545

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. xxiv.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person or Persons to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of the said Acts and this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to be lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said High Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XLV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporations entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said High Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said High Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, or such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint, to dig, gather, and carry away Gravel, Furze, Heath, Sand, Flints, Stones, or other Materials out of any Common River or Brook, or out of or from any Waste or Common, proper and convenient for repairing and amending the Road aforesaid, without paying any thing for the same, such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons, levelling or causing to be levelled all such Holes and Pits where any Materials as aforesaid shall be digged, gathered, or taken, and from whence the same shall be carried away, or making a safe and sufficient Fence round all such Holes or Pits; and where a sufficient Quantity of Materials cannot be had from such Rivers, Brooks, or Common, for repairing and amending the Road, it shall and may be lawful for such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons as aforesaid, by Order of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County in which such Materials are to be gotten, to be made upon the Application of the said Trustees,

Court may order reasonable Expences to be paid by the Trustees.

Getting Ma-

546 P GEORGII IV. Cap. xxiv.

or any Five or more of them, to dig and gather such Materials, in and carry the same out of and from the Lands and Grounds of any Person or Persons, (not being the Ground whereon any House stands, or a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to any House, or a Piece or Parcel of Ground set apart or used as a Nursery for Trees), where such Materials are or may be found, in any Parish, Township, or Place in which any Part of the said Road shall lie or be situate, or in any adjoining Parish, Township, or Place, and from Time to Time to carry away the same, or so much thereof as the Surveyor or Surveyors shall judge necessary for repairing and amending the said Road, paying such Rates for such Materials, and for the Damage done to the Owners and Occupiers respectively of the Lands or Grounds where and from whence the same shall be digged, gathered, or carried away, or over which the same shall be carried, as also for the Damage done to the Owners and Occupiers of any private Lands or Grounds over which such Materials gotten in any River, Brook, or Waste Ground, shall be carried or conveyed, as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall judge reasonable; and in case of Difference concerning the same between such Owners or Occupiers and the said Trustees, touching such Damages as aforesaid, then Two Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County in which the Lands shall be situated, shall and may adjudge, assess, and determine the same.

Notice to be

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not given of tak- foe lawful for any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons mgMatena a. acting un(jer the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, get, take, or carry away such Materials for repairing such Road, out of or from any inclosed Land or Ground, until Fourteen Days Notice in Writing, signed by such Surveyor, shall have been given to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupier at his usual Place of Abode, to appear before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County in which such inclosed Land or Ground shall be situate, to shew Cause why such Materials ought not to be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier or his Agent shall attend pursuant to such Notice, but shall not shew sufficient Cause to the contrary, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, by their Order, to authorize such Surveyor, or other Person or Persons, to dig, get, gather, or carry away such Materials at such Time or Times as to the said Justice or Justices shall seem proper, and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or his Agent, pursuant to such Notice, the said Justice or Justices may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

Punishing

XLVIII. And be it further enacred, That if any Person or Persons shall Persons take or carry away any Materials which shall have been dug or gathered taking away £Qr purpose of making, completing, or amending the said Road, or aten3 S’ shall get or take away any Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which shall be made for the Purpose of getting Materials for the said Road, before the said Surveyors or their Workmen shall have discontinued working therein, for the Space of Twenty-one Days, (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and any Person or Persons authorized by such Owner or

Occupier

1° GEORGII IV. Csjo.xxiv. 547

Occupier to get Materials therein for his own private Use only, and not for Sale) every Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for such Sur- Surveyors veyor and Surveyors, and such other Person and Persons as shall be ap- ", ay raa^eg pointed by the said Trustees, to make Causeways or Footpaths in or along &c the Sides of the said Road or any Part thereof, and to cut or make Drains or Watercourses upon and through any Lands lying contiguous to the said Road, and to erect and keep in Repair the Bridges and Arches thereupon; and also to make Ditches or Fences in such Places, and in such Manner as such Surveyor and Surveyors, by Order of the said Trustees, shall judge necessary, and make sufficient Fences and Barriers, and other Erections on any Part or Parts of the said Road, in order to prevent any Rivulet or Current of Water from flooding the same, as such Surveyor or Surveyors shall judge necessary, making such Satisfaction to the Owners or Occupiers of such Lands so to be used, cut through, or built upon, for the Damages which they or any of them shall sustain thereby as the said Trustees shall judge reasonable; and in case of any Difference between such Owners or Occupiers and the said Trustees, touching such Damages, the same shall be settled by any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Southampton or Wilts.

L. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall, and they In erecti are hereby required from Time to Time to cause to be erected Guide Guide Posts, Posts upon such Parts of the said Road, where the same may be crossed and prevent-or joined by other Roads, as they shall think proper; and if any Person »ng Nui-or Persons shall wilfully pull up or damage any Direction Post or Mile sance8‘ Stone erected or fixed, or to be erected or fixed in or near the Side or Sides of the said Road, or shall obliterate or deface any of the Letters,

Figures, or Marks, inscribed thereon; or if any Person shall ride upon any Causeway or Footpath formed by the said Surveyor or Surveyors, upon or on the Side of or adjoining the said Road, or shall drive any Horse,

Beast, or Swine, or any Carriage upon, or cause any Damage to be done to any Causeway or Footpath, or shall leave or suffer any Horse, Beast,

Cattle, Sheep, or Swine to graze or be and remain loose on the said Road or any Part thereof; or if any Person shall cause to be drawn upon any Part of the said Road, any Timber, Stone, or other Thing, otherwise than upon wheeled Carriages, or shall suffer any Timber, Stone, or other Thing which shall be carried upon wheeled Carriages to drag upon the said Road to the prejudice thereof $ or if any Person driving any Pigs upon the said Road, shall suffer the same to root up and damage the said Road, or the Banks or Fences on either Side thereof; or if any Person driving any Carriage upon the said Road, shall ride upon the Shafts or other Part of the said Carriage, without holding the Reins of the Horse or Horses, or meeting another Carriage, shall not keep his or her Carriage, on his or her Left or Near Side of the said Road, and also keep on the same Side himself; or if any other Person shall in any other Manner wilfully prevent any other Person or Persons from passing him or her, or any Carriage under his or her Care upon the said Road; or if any Person shall, after having blocked or stopped any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, in going up any Hill or rising Ground, not immediately remove from off the said Road, the Stone or other Thing with which such Waggon, Cart, or other

Carriage

548

Gates to Fields, &c. to open inwards.

Statute Labour and

Composition Money, how

formed and apportioned.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxiv.

Carriage shall have been so blocked or stopped; or if any Person shall make or assist in making any Fire or Fires, or shall set fire to, or let off or throw any Squib, Rocker, Serpent, or Firework whatsoever, upon any Part of the said Road, or within Eighty Feet of the Centre thereof, or play at Foot Ball on any Part of the said Road, or on the Banks, Land, Streets, or Places adjoining, or laying open thereto, to the Annoyance of any Passenger or Passengers; or if any Person shall leave any Carriage (except in Cases of Accident) upon or on the Side of the said Road, longer than may be necessary to load or unload the same, either with or without any Horse or Beast of Draught harnessed or yoked thereto; or in case such Carriage shall not, during such Time, be drawn up to the Side of the said Road as near as conveniently may be; or in case any Person shall lay any Timber, Stone, Chalk, Marl, Lime, Hay, Straw, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever upon the said Road, or on the Side or Sides thereof, between the said Road and the Fences to be erected on the Sides thereof, or shall plough up, dig up, or break up any of the Soil between the said Road and such Fences as aforesaid, for the Purpose of making Compost or Manure, or otherwise shall scrape off any Soil or other Thing from the said Road, or the Sides thereof, or shall take up and carry away any Scrapings thereof, or any Dung, Mould, Soil, Compost, or Manure from the Sides thereof, except such as may be lying in his own Grounds, and be carried away without being brought over any Part of the said Road, or that the same may be done at such Times and under such Regulations as the Trustees or their Surveyor shall direct and order, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be recovered and applied as by the said Acts and this Act is directed.

LI. And be it further enacted, That all Gates to be hereafter made and placed in any Hedge or other Fence of any Field, Ground, Yard, or other Place adjoining to the said Road, shall be so made, hung, and constructed, as to open inward towards such Field or Ground, and not outward towards the said Road; and in case any Person or Persons shall hang or construct any Gate or Gates contrary to the Directions of this Act, or shall, after the same shall have been hung so as to open inward towards such Field or Ground, again alter the same so as to open outward towards the said Road, every such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings; and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to cause all or any such Gates as are now erected and open outward towards the said Road, to be altered and made to open inward towards such Field, Ground, Yard, or other Place, as they the said Trustees shall think proper.

LII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Acts as relate to the Performance of Statute Labour on the said Road, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work on the said Road, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereto, in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the County, Borough, Riding, or Place where the said Road is situate, and they are hereby required and empowered (upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by the Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor, or by their Order), yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or

Proportion

549

1* GEORGII IV. Cap. xm.

Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, or Places, in which the said Road or any Part thereof lies, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of any such Township, Parish, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereto, it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township, or Place, to bring in Lists before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons, of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township, or Place respectively are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and out of such Lists the said Justices shall and may appoint and order such and so many Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and on such Parts of the said Road as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lists shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in default of Payment thereof, the same shall or may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of his or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject and liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been set to work on any Part of the said Road; all which For-\Local.] 6 Z feitures

550

Trustees to compound for Statute Work.

For paying the Expences of this Act.

[Public Act.]

Commence-

[Continuance of Act.]

1* GEORGII IV. Cap. xxix.

feitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lists, or to collect or pay over such Composition or any Part thereof, in Manner as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

LIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to compound and agree with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Statute Work to be by them done on the said Road, or any Part thereof, and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in all or any of the Parishes or Places in which the said Road is situate, for a certain Sum of Money, by the Year or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the Whole or any Part of the Statute or other Work to be done by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers on the said Road j which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officers of the Parish, Township, or Place, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer to the said Trustees in advance, on or before the Tenth Day of October in each and every Year, or otherwise the Inhabitants and the Occupiers of such Parish, or Township, or Place, shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences incurred in and about the obtaining and passing of this Act, together with lawful Interest for the Money which shall be advanced from Time to Time for that Purpose, shall be paid out of any Money already raised by virtue of the said recited Acts, or out of the first Monies which shall be raised or borrowed upon the Credit of the said recited Acts and this Act, or out of any Money to be collected by virtue thereof, _in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

LV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted by the said recited Acts shall, upon the Third Friday next after the passing of this Act, cease and determine; and that the said recited Acts, (subject to the Alterations and Amendments herein contained, ), and this Act, shall from thenceforth continue and be in force and effect, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan* Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1820.

1"

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. xxv.

An Act to continue the Term, and to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of the several Acts for repairing the Roads from HenshaWs Smithy, upon Cranage Green, through Nether Knutsford, to Altrincham, and other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County Palatine of Chester.

[22d June 1820.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Henshall’s z6G.i. c. 62. Smithy, upon Cranage Green, through the Town of Nether Knutsford, and by the South Guide Post in Mere and Bucklow Hill, to the Town of Altrincham, in the County Palatine ^/Chester, and from the said Guide Post to Warrington, in the County of Lancaster, and from Bucklow Hill aforesaid to Penny’s Lane, near Northwich, in the said County of Chester: And whereas an Act was passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for enlarging the 14G. 3. C. 100. Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Henshall’s Smithy, upon Cranage Green, through the Town of Nether Knutsford, and by the South Guide Post in Mere and Bucklow Hill, to the Town of Altrincham, in the County Palatine of Chester, and from the said Guide Post to Warrington, in the County of Lancaster, and [[Local.] 7 A from

554

36G.3-c. 145-

Former Acts repealed, and this Act to take place instead thereof.

Trustees.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap.Kxr.

from Bucklow Hill aforesaid to Penny’s Lane, near Northwick, in the said County of Chester: And whereas an Act was passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Henshall’s Smithy, upon Cranage Green, through the Town of Nether Knutsford, and by the South Guide Post in Mere and B\ick\ov/Hi\\, to the Townof Altrincham, in the County Palatine of Chester, and from the said Guide Post to Warrington, in the County of Lancaster, and from Bucklow Hill aforesaid to Penny’s Lane, near Northwich, in the said County of Chester; several Tolls and Powers were given and granted for repairing and widening the said Roads t And whereas the Tolls collected and Money borrowed by virtue of the said Acts have been duly applied by the Trustees appointed to put the said Act in Execution, for the Purposes thereby granted, and there are several considerable Sums of Money due and owing upon the Credit of the said Tolls, which cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be properly and effectually kept in Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Acts be further continued j and it would be more convenient to the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts, and beneficial to the said Road, if the said recited Acts were repealed, and further, better, and more effectual Powers granted in one Act of Parliament, for repairing, improving, and keeping in Repair the the said Roads; but the Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twenty-eighth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twenty, the said recited Acts shall be and the same are hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and this Act shall commence and take Effect in lieu and instead thereof j and shall be put in Execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for the Purpose of better and more effectually amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Roads herein-before mentioned and described; and the Tolls by this Act granted shall be and the same are hereby declared to be charged with, and made subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies which have been borrowed, and are now due and owing on the Credit or on Account of the Tolls granted and continued by the said recited Acts, or any or either of them, and of the Interest due or to grow due thereon respectively, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Monies had been borrowed or become due and owing on the Credit or on Account of the Tolls granted by this Act. II.

II. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting for the said County Palatine of Chester, together with the Right Honourable George Harry Grey commonly called Lord Grey, the Honourable Henry Grey, Sir John Thomas Stanley, Sir John Grey Egerton, Sir Richard Brooke, Sir John Fleming Leicester, Sir Henry Mainwaring Mainwaring, Sir John Chetwode, Baronets; John Ardcrne, Lawrence Armitstead, Henry Charles Aston, John Smith Barry, Peter Langford 11 Brooke,

555

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxv.

Brooke, Isaac Blackburne, William Charles Booth, Thomas Cholmondeley,

Charles Cholmondeley, Davies Davenport, Edward Davies Davenport,

George Eaton, Wilbraham Egerton, William Fox, Booth Grey, John Glegg,

Baskervyle Glegg, Thomas Bay ley Hall, Ptffcr Heron, Francis Jodrell,

George John Legh, Willoughby Legh, John Legh, Thomas Legh, Peter Legh9 Egerton Leigh, Egerton Leigh the younger, Leycester, Ralph Leycester

the younger, George Leycester, Devereux Jones Nicholls, Thomas Parker,

Edward Stracey, Charles Watkin, John Shaker ley, Hugo Worthington,

Charles Peter Shaker ley, Geoffrey Shaker ley, James Stanton, Thomas,

William Tatton, Robert Taylor, Edward Venables Townshend, Trafford Trcfford, Thomas Tipping, Randle Wilbraham, and James Wilde, Thomas Blackburne, Harry Grey, Shalcross Jackson, George Heron, Peter Leigh,

Oswald Leycester, Edward Mainwaring, John Holdsworth Mallory,

Edward Stanley, Samuel Steel, and Rowland Egerton War burton. Cranage Antrobus, Isaac Harrop, Peter Holland, John Holland, John Hollins, William Hollins, Thomas Orrell, William Whitaker, Thomas Wright, Strethill Wright, and Strethill Wright the younger, Gentlemen, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Roads, and for otherwise putting this Act in Execution.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to Trustees or any Five or more of them, at a Meeting to be held for that appoint Purpose, of which Meeting, and of the Purpose thereof. Ten Days Notice shall be given as is herein-after directed respecting Meetings for rUB ces‘ the Appointment of Trustees on Vacancies, to elect and appoint any Number of Persons, not exceeding Twelve in the Whole, to be Trustees for executing this Act, in addition to the Trustees hereby nominated; and such Trustees so elected and appointed shall be and they are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing this Act as if they had been named in and appointed under or by virtue of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Acts and Proceedings of the All Acts said Trustees, relative to the Execution of this Act, may be done and may be done executed by any Five or more of the Trustees hereby appointed, and to by Five

be elected and appointed as herein-after is mentioned, excepting only in jesTotlier-11" Cases herein mentioned, requiring a greater or less Number of Trustees. wise directed.

V. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as the Trustees For electing nominated or appointed in pursuance of this Act shall see Occasion, it new Trustees, shall be lawful for them, by Writing under their Hands, to elect and

appoint any other Person or Persons living in the said County of Chester, being duly qualified as herein after mentioned, to be a Trustee or Trustees for putting in Execution this Act, in addition to the Trustees there appointed; but Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting for every such Election shall be given by the Clerk to the said Trustees, by affixing the same in Writing upon all the Turnpike Gates then erected in or upon the spd Roads, and also by inserting the same in some one public Newspaper circulating in the Neighbourhood through which the said Road passes, at least Ten Days before every such Meeting shall be held; and all Persons who shall be so elected are hereby vested with the same Powers for putting this Act in Execution as the Persons herein specially named;

556

Qualification of Trustees.

Oath of Qualification.

Penalty on Persons acting not qualified.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxv.

and that no Trustee or Trustees shall have Power to act in the Execution of this Act, but during only such Time as he or they shall live or reside in the said County of Chester.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless at the Time of his acting therein he shall in his own Right, or in Right of his Wife, be in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Freehold or Copyhold Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be Heir Apparent of a Person so in Possession, or in Receipt of Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate to the Amount of Four thousand Pounds; nor before he shall have taken and subscribed, in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, the Oath or Affirmation hereinafter mentioned before any Two or more of the said Trustees, who are hereby authorized and empowered to administer the same; (that is to say,)

I A.B. do swear [or, being one of the People called Quakers, do solemnly ‘ A affirm], That I truly and bona fide am seised of, in my own Right ‘ [or in the Right of my Wife, as the Case may be~\, and in the actual ‘ Possession, Enjoyment, or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of a Free-‘ hold or Copyhold Estate, in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, ‘ situated in the County Palatine of Chester, of the clear yearly Value of

* One hundred Pounds [or am Heir Apparent of A. B., who, to the best

‘ of my Knowledge, is possessed of a Real Estate in Lands, Tenements, or 6 Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds, ‘ or am possessed of a Personal Estate of the Amount of Four thousand ‘ Pounds]; and that I will truly, faithfully, and impartially act in the ‘ Execution of the Trusts and Powers reposed in me by an Act passed ‘ in the First Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled ‘ An Act [here insert the Title of this Act]. So help me GOD.

And if any Person not being so qualified shall act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every Person so offending in all or any of the Premises shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same; to be recovered with full Costs of Suit in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in His Majesty's Court of Great Session held in and for the said County Palatine of Chester, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and every Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecution than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that all Acts and Proceedings of any Person or Persons acting as a Trustee or Trustees in the Execution of this Act (although not duly qualified), previously to his or their being convicted of the said Offence, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as good, valid, and effectual, as if such Person or Persons had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxv. 557

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall Persons act as a Trustee in the Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted, during the Time he shall hold any Place of Profit under this Act, or pro"ts°ot shall be concerned or interested in any Contract or Contracts that shall to act a> be made in or about the Execution of this Act, or shall be Lessee of any Trustee!, of the Tolls granted by this Act, nor in any Matter in which he shall be personally interested; nor shall any Victualler or Retailer of Ale, Beer,

or Spirituous Liquors, or any menial Servant of any Trustee, be capable of holding any Place of Profit under this Act, but any Mortgagee or Assignee of any Mortgage, or any other Security, or any Lender of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by this Act, or receiving Interest thereout for the same, shall not on that Account be deemed unqualified, or be disabled from acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act; and that all such Trustees as are or may be Justices of the Peace for the said County of Chester may, within their respective Jurisdictions, act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Trustees (except only in such Cases where they shall be personally interested).

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and Trusteeimay be sued for or concerning any Thing to be done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, in the Name or Names of such Trustee or Trustees as may JJame

be a Party or Parties to any Deed or Instrument in Writing, upon which or in the

any Action shall or may be brought, or in the Name of their Clerk for Name of their

the Time being; and that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced C|erlt-

by the Direction of or against the said Trustees by virtue of this Act in

his or their Name or Names, or in the Name of their Clerk, shall abate

or be discontinued by the Death, Incapacity, or Removal of any such

Trustee or Trustees, or Clerk, nor by the Act of such Clerk, without the Consent of the said Trustees, but the Clerk for the Time being to

the said Trustees, in case such Action shall be brought against or defended

in the Name of such Clerk, shall be deemed to be Plaintiff or Defendant,

as the Case may be, in every such Action: Provided always, that every such Trustee or Trustees, or Clerk, in whose Name or Names any Action

or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of

this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to arise

by virtue of this Act, all such Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences,

as by the Event or in consequence of any such Action or Proceeding he shall pay, bear, expend, or be put unto, or become chargeable with, by

reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may Fim Mett. and they are hereby required to meet on the last Monday in the Month ing of Trus-of September next after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as con- teea> &c* veniently may be, at the House known by the Name of The George, in

Nether Kmitsford, in the said County of Chester, if then open, and if not, then at some other convenient House or Place within the said Town, between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and Four in the Afternoon, ’ and then and there proceed to the Execution of this Act, and shall and may adjourn themselves, and afterwards meet yearly some Time in the Month of September at the Place aforesaid, or at any other Time, or at any other Place on or near to the said Road, as the Trustees attending the said Meetings shall think proper or convenient for putting this Act in ILkhI-] 7 B Execution,

558

1° GEORGII IV Cap. xxv.

Execution, which Meetings shall be deemed General Meetings; and the said Trustees shall and may at any such Meetings adjourn themselves to some convenient Place or Places at or near the said Road, and may make such further Adjournments from Time to Time as they shall think proper; and if at any such Meetings there shall not appear a sufficient Number of Trustees to act or to adjourn (Two Trustees being deemed sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment only), or in case the Trustees at any Time assembled shall omit or neglect to adjourn themselves, the Clerk to the said Trustees shall from Time to Time, in either of such Cases, by Notice in Writing to be affixed at or on all the Turnpike Gates then erected on the said Road, at least Ten Days before the next Meeting, appoint the Trustees to meet at the Place where the last Meeting of such Trustees was appointed to be held, at such Time as he may judge requisite and necessary; and in case the Clerk to the said Trustees shall refuse or neglect to give Notice, or shall by any Means be prevented from giving Notice as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Five or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting, at any Time or Times after the Space of Seven Days after such Refusal, Neglect, or Prevention of such Clerk, by Notice in Writing under their Hands, to be affixed on all the Turnpikes then erected on the said Road, to appoint the Trustees to meet at some convenient House on or near to the said Road upon the Day next after the Day of the Date of such last-mentioned Notice; but no Business shall be done or proceeded upon by the said Trustees, at any Meeting to be held under this Act, before the Hour of Ten in the Forenoon, nor later than Five of the Clock in the Afternoon of the Day on which such Meeting shall be appointed to be held; and the said Trustees at all their Meetings shall defray their own Charges and Expences; and at every Meeting of the said Trustees a Chairman shall and may be appointed, and when and as often as it shall so happen that there shall be an Equality of Votes at any such Meeting upon any Question (including the Vote of the Chairman), then and in every such Case the Chairman shall have and he is hereby empowered to give the decisive or casting Vote.

Meeting* on X. And be it further enacted, That if, after any Adjournment of the Emergenciee. said Trustees, it shall be found expedient to appoint an earlier Day of Meeting than that appointed by such Adjournment, then and in every such Case the Clerk to the said Trustees, upon an Order in Writing signed by Five or more of the acting Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting held or to be held in pursuance of this Act, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purposes of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice thereof in the Manner before directed in Cases where the Trustees shall have omitted to adjourn themselves, and of the Time and Place and Purposes which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees (such Time not being less than Ten Days after such Notice); and such earlier Meeting shall and may be held accordingly; and all the Proceedings of the Trustees at such earlier Meetings, relating to the Purposes mentioned in such Order and Notice respectively, but to no other Matter, shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been if such Meetings had been held in pursuance of Adjournments.

Ordere to

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Orders or be made at Proceedings of the said Trustees in the Execution of this Act (except as Meetings j8 ^ct exCepted) shall be deemed to be valid unless made at a

oaiy- i Meeting

559

1‘ GEORGII IV. Cap. xxv.

Meeting held in pursuance of this Act, nor unless a Majority of the Trustees present at a Meeting shall concur therein; nor shall any Order or Proceedings made or had at any Meeting of Five or more of the said Trustees be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless Notice in Writing, specifying the Revocation or Alteration proposed to be made, be given by the Trustee or Trustees applying for such Revocation or Alteration to the Clerk for the Time being to the said Trustees, and affixed upon the respective Toll Gates then erected upon the said Road, and also inserted in some one public Newspaper circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Road, at least Ten Days before such subsequent Meeting, nor unless a greater Number of Trustees shall be present than were present when such Order or Proceedings proposed to be revoked was made, and a Majority of them shall concur in such Revocation or Alteration.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of Orders, Pro-the said Trustees shall be regularly entered in a Book or Books to be

kept for that Purpose, and signed by the Chairman at such Meeting or °Q Centered Meetings; and such Entries being signed by such Chairman shall be in a Book, deemed Originals, and the same and all Entries therein, and true Copies thereof, shall and may be read in Evidence in all Cases of Appeal, and in all Suits or Actions touching any thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Books and Book Books made

containing the Accounts and Proceedings of the Trustees for executing Evidence the said recited Acts, and thereby made Evidence, shall and may be given ^ctTmT'be in Evidence in all Cases of Appeal, and in all Suits and Actions whatso- Evidence" 6 ever, in such and the same Manner as if the said Acts had not been under this repealed. Act-

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons and Person Persons who may owe and be subject or liable to the Payment of any Sum or owing Money Sums of Money for Arrears of Rent, or otherwise, to the Trustees for *inder executing the said recited Acts, or to any Person or Persons for the ^remain0*8 Benefit of such Trustees, or of any of the Roads directed to be kept liable to the in Repair by the said Acts, shall be liable to the Payment of, and Trustees, shall pay all such Sum or Sums of Money to the Trustees for executing

this Att.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Conveyances, Bonds, Cove- Conveyances, nants, Agreements, Contracts, and other Securities entered into by any Bonds, and Person or Persons to or with any of the Trustees for executing the said otker Secu-recited Acts according to the Provisions and Directions of the said Act, "htierunder shall remain in full Force and Effect, and shall be and continue available, Acts°To be and shall and may be enforced by the Trustees acting in the Execution enforced

of this Act, in all Courts of Law and Equity, until the same are fully under thi> satisfied and performed on Account of the Trustees under this Act, and Act‘ for the Benefit of the said Roads; and all Contracts or Agreements, duly made or entered into by the Trustees for executing the said Acts to or with any Person or Persons, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and shall be binding on the Trustees for executing this Act, and be observed and kept by them according to the Terms or Stipulations thereof respectively;

and

560

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxv.

and the same shall and may be enforced against the said Trustees in such and the like Manner as any Contract or Agreement entered into by the said Trustees, according to the Directions of this Act, can or may be enforced.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees at their First Officer?"* or any subsequent Meeting to be held under or by virtue of this Act, when and as Occasion shall require, shall and may, by Writing under their Hands, appoint a Clerk, Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors of the Tolls by this Act granted. Surveyor or Surveyors, and other Officers respectively, as they shall think proper, and from Time to Time remove such Clerk, Treasurers, Receivers, Collectors, Surveyors, and other Officers, or any of them, as the said Trustees shall see Occasion, and appoint others in the Room of such of them as shall be so removed, or shall die, resign, or become incapable of performing their Duty; and the said Trustees shall and may, out of the Money to be raised and received by virtue of this Act, give such Salaries or make such Allowances to the Clerk, Treasurers, Receivers, Collectors, Surveyors, and other Officers so appointed, and to such other Persons as shall be assisting in and about the Execution of this Act, as to the said Trustees shall seem proper; and the said Clerk, Treasurers, Receivers, Collectors, Surveyors, and other Officers, and all other Persons who shall be employed in the Receipt or Expenditure of any of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, shall from Time to Time, and as often as they shall be called upon for that Purpose, produce and give up to such Trustees full, true, and perfect Accounts in Writing under their respective Hands, of all Monies which shall have been by them respectively had, received, or collected, and how and to whom, and for what Purposes such Monies, and every Part thereof, shall have been paid, disposed of, or applied, together with proper Receipts and Vouchers for such Payments, and shall and are hereby respectively required to pay all such Monies as shall remain in their respective Hands to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons, or for such Uses and Purposes as they shall direct and appoint; and if such Officer or Person (being required so to do) shall refuse or neglect, for the Space of Ten Days, to render and give up such Account or Accounts as aforesaid, or to produce or deliver up to the said Trustees the Receipts and Vouchers relating to the same, or to pay as aforesaid any Sum or Sums of Money which shall remain in his or their Hands, or shall not deliver to the said Trustees, within Ten Days after being thereunto required by the said Trustees, all the Books, Papers, and Writings in his or their Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, then and in any of the said Cases any one or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Officer or Pei •son shall be and reside, shall (upon Complaint of the said Trustees) make Inquiry concerning such Default, either by Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, upon Oath (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to administer, without Fee or Reward); and if it shall appear to such Justice or Justices that any of the Monies which shall have been so collected or received shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justice or Justices may, and he and they is and are hereby empowered and required, upon Nonpayment thereof, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or

Hands

561

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. xxv.

Hands and Seals, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Said of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Party or Parties, after the Money remaining due, and the Charges of making such Distress and Sale shall be deducted; and if no Goods or Chattels shall be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of levying the same, or if such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, appearing or being brought before such Justice or Justices, shall refuse or neglect to give and deliver to the said Justice or Justices an Account or Accounts of his or their Receipts and Payments as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up to the said Trustees the several Vouchers and Receipts relating to such Accounts respectively, or the Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings in his, her, or their Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, then and in any of the Cases aforesaid such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to commit such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, to the Common Gaol for the said County of Chester, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until such Officer or Person shall give and make a true and perfect Account, and shall have paid the Money which shall appear to be in his or their Hands, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale, as shall in that Respect have been made, or until he or they shall have compounded with the said Trustees for the same, and shall have paid such Composition Money to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same (which Composition the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make), or until such Officer or Person shall have delivered up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or given Satisfaction thereof to the said Trustees: Provided always, that no Person who shall be committed for Want of sufficient Distress as aforesaid shall be detained in Prison for any longer Time than Three Calendar Months.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees are hereby Treasurer, authorized and required to take such Security from the Treasurer or &c- to give Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors of the Security-Tolls, and other Officers to be appointed as aforesaid for the due Execution of their respective Offices, as to the said Trustees shall seem expedient.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Persons who Officers un-have been employed, or who shall have received any Tolls or other Money der the forrner by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited Acts, or shall have in their *° a?" Custody or Possession any Books, Accounts, Papers, Writings, or Trustee's unt Things relating to the Roads comprized in this Act, shall account for der this Act. and pay and deliver over the same, and every Part thereof, to the said Trustees, in like Manner and under the like Penalties as are hereinbefore directed in respect to the several Officers and other Persons receiving any Monies, or having the Custody or Power of any Books,

Writings, or other Things by virtue of this Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they Accounts to are hereby required from Time to Time, and at all Times during the be kePl of Continuance of this Act, to order and direct a Book or Books to be fele!p!8and

7C provided Sr

562

Clerk not to act as Treasurer, and vice versa.

Trustees may appoint

temporary

Collectors.

Power to remove Collectors refusing to deliver up Toll Houses.

1" GEORGII IV. Cfljo.xxv.

provided and kept by the Clerk for the Time being to the said Trustees, in which Book or Books such Clerk shall enter or cause to be entered true and regular Accounts of all Sums of Money received, paid, laid out, and expended for or on account of the said Road, and of the several Matters and Things for which such Sums of Money shall have been disbursed, laid out, and paid, which Book or Books shall at all seasonable Times be open to the Inspection of the said Trustees, or any Creditor or Creditors on the Tolls hereby granted, without Fee or Reward; and the said Trustees and Creditors shall and may take Copies of or Extracts from the said Book or Books, or any Part or Parts thereof, without paying any thing for the same j and in case the said Clerk shall refuse to permit, or shall not permit the said Trustees or such Creditors, or any of them, to inspect such Book or Books, or to take such Copies or Extracts as aforesaid, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied and recovered in Manner herein-after mentioned.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person who has been or may be appointed to act as their Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk, the Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act; or to continue or appoint the Person who has been or may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, the Clerk to the said Trustees j and if any Person shall act in both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer shall act as Clerk in the Execution of this Act, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Collector or Receiver of the Tolls shall die, or become incapable of performing his Duty, or shall abscond or absent himself, or become insolvent or bankrupt, it shall be lawful for any Three or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting of the said Trustees, to be appointed by virtue of this Act, to discharge such Collector or Receiver so becoming incapable of performing his Duty, or absconding or absenting himelf, or becoming insolvent or bankrupt, and to nominate and appoint a proper Person to be a Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls (to continue until the then next Meeting of the said Trustees) instead of such Collector or Receiver as shall so die or be discharged, and such Person so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in such and the same Manner in all Respects, as the Person who shall die or be discharged would have had or been subject to.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls, who shall be discharged from his Office by virtue of this Act, or the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or other

3 Repre-

563

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxv.

Representatives of any Collector or Receiver who shall die, abscond, absent himself, or become insolvent or bankrupt, or be discharged, or any other Person or Persons who shall refuse to deliver up Possession of any Toll House or Building already erected and set up, or hereafter to be erected or set up on the said Road by virtue of this Act, for the Space of Two Days after Demand thereof made, and Notice in Writing given for that Purpose by the said Trustees or any Three or more of them (although not assembled at a Meeting), or by their Clerk, Treasurer or Treasurers, then and in any of the said Cases it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County or Place in which such Toll House or Building shall be situated, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer for the same County or Place, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such House or Building in the Day-time, and to remove the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods out of the same, and to put the said Trustees, or any one or more of them, or such new appointed Collector, Receiver, or other Officers, into the Possession thereof.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case all or any of the Tolls To«nable arising by virtue of this Act, at the Turnpikes or Toll Gates erected or to

to be erected upon, across, or on the Side of the said Roads, shall be sj0nofToU demised or let to farm to any Person or Persons in pursuance of this Act, Houses, and such Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to perform the Terms and Conditions of the Demise or Contract by which the same are let to him, her, or them, either by taking a greater or less Toll in respect of any Kind of Carriage, Waggon, Wain, Cart, Horse, Beast, or Cattle than those demised or let to him, her, or them, or any other Way or Manner; or in case the Rent for which such Tolls shall be demised or let, or any Instalment thereof, shall be in arrear and unpaid for the Space of Fourteen Days next after any of the Days and Times whereon the same shall become due and ought to be paid pursuant to such Demise or Contract, and the Toll House or Toll Houses appertaining to such Turnpike or Toll Gate, Turnpikes or Toll Gates, shall be in Possession of any such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, or any Person or Persons by him, her, or them appointed to collect the Tolls thereat, then or in any of the said Cases it shall be lawful for the said Trustees (if they shall think proper) to vacate and determine such Demise or Contract, giving a Notice in Writing of such their Determination to such Lessee or Lessees,

Farmer or Farmers, by leaving the same at the Toll House or Toll Houses at such respective Turnpike or Toll Gate, Turnpikes or Toll Gates, and such Lease or Contract shall from that Time be utterly void to all Intents and Purposes (save as to the Covenants for Payment of the Rent to the Day of such Notice being delivered) as if the same had not been made; and in case any such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, shall not oil Service of such Notice as aforesaid deliver up the Possession of the Toll House or Toll Houses, and the Turnpike or Toll Gate, Turnpikes or Toll Gates, with the Appurtenances so demised or let to him, her, or them, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace of the said County of Chester, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter into such Toll House or Toll Houses and Premises in the Day-

564

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxv.

time, and to remove the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with their Goods, out of such House or Houses, and to?put such Person or Persons into the Possession thereof as the said Trustees shall appoint.

Toll Houses,

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Right, Interest, and Pro-&c. vested perty of and in all the Turnpikes and loll Houses, and other Buildings tees*16 TrUS" erected by virtue of the said recited Acts, or to be .erected or provided in pursuance of this Act, with the several Conveniences and Appurtenances thereunto respectively belonging, and of the Materials for building the same; and also of all Rails, Posts, and Fences which shall belong to the said Road; and also of all Tools, Implements, Stone, Gravel, Sand, and other Materials now purchased, gotten, or had, or hereafter to be purchased, gotten, or had, for amending, repairing, and improving the said Road, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered to sell, assign, transfer, apply, and dispose of the same as Occasion shall require, and to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions, and to prosecute any Indictment or Indictments, against any Person or Persons who shall dig up, break, or pull down, steal, take, or carry away, spoil, destroy, injure, or damage any of the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes and Toll Houses, or any of the Conveniences and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, or any of the Materials aforesaid, or who shall do any Act to hinder or obstruct the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons employed by them in the Execution of this Act; and in any such Action, Indictment, or other Proceeding for the Purposes aforesaid, it shall be sufficient to state generally that any Toll Gates or Turnpikes and Toll Houses, or any of the Conveniences and Appurtenances thereto belonging, or any of the Materials, Tools, Implements, or other Matters or Things, to be the Property of the Clerk for the Time being to the said Trustees.

Power to

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the respective Tolls herein-after take Tolls. particularly mentioned shall and may be demanded and taken at each and every of the Toll Gates, Turnpikes, and Side Gates, erected or to be erected by virtue of the said recited Acts, and to be erected by virtue of this Act, by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or their Lessee or Lessees for the Time being shall from Time to Time appoint (subject to the Restrictions and Exemptions herein-after mentioned), before any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage upon which any Toll is by this Act imposed, shall be permitted to pass through the same; (that is to say),

TolU. For every Horse or other Beast, drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau,

Chariot, Phaeton, Chaise, Chair, Calash, or Hearse with Four Wheels, and drawn by Six Horses or other Beasts, the Sum of Five-pence:

For every Horse or other Beast, drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Phaeton, Chaise, Chair, Calash, or Hearse with Four Wheels, and drawn by Four Horses or other Beasts, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

For every Horse or other Beast, drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Phaeton, Chaise, Chair, Calash, or Hearse with Four Wheels, and drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts, the Sum of Sixpence:

For

565

m

Xtf

W

ip

led

nr.

Id.

nil

HI

or

aid

id

ip.

and

cute

dull

B0j,

Toll

' <2

Sllf.

loll , 015. IS ot [Slid

after uid a bt ime ben oint .t:,

His

' that

p.to

he&

iso,

A

ace

to

eels

H

1* GEORGII IV. Ci?/>.xxv.

For every Horse or other Beast, drawing any Chaise, Chair, Calash,

•r Hearse with Two Wheels, and drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts, the Sum of Sixpence: .

For every Horse or other Beast, drawing any Chaise, Chair, Calash, or Hearse with Two or more Wheels, and drawn by One Horse or other Beast, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Waggon, Wain, or other Carriage with Four Wheels, loaden with Coals or Kennel only, betwixt the First Day of June and the First Day of September, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

For every Waggon, Wain, or other Carriage with Four Wheels (except as aforesaid), the Sum of Two Shillings:

For every Cart or other Carriage with Iwo Wheels, drawn by Three Horses or other Beasts, and loaden with Coals or Kennel only, betwixt the First Day of June and the First Day of September, the Sum of Eight-pence:

For every Cart or other Carriage with Two Wheels, drawn by Three Horses or other Beasts (except as aforesaid), the Sum of Ten-pence:

For every Horse or other Beast, drawing any Cart or other Carriage with Two Wheels, drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts, and loaden with Coals or Kennel only, betwixt the First Day of June and the First Day of September, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Horse or other Beast, drawing any Cart or other Carriage with Two Wheels, drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts (except as aforesaid), the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Horse or other Beast, drawing any Cart or other Carriage with Two Wheels, drawn by One Horse or other Beast, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Timber Carriage with Four Wheels, loaden or not loaden, and the Horses or Cattle drawing the same, the Sum of Three Shillings:

For every Timber Carriage with Two Wheels, loaden or unloaden, and the Horses and Cattle drawing the same, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

For every Horse or other Beast, laden or not laden, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Score of Homed or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence; and so in proportion for any greater or less Number: And,

For every Score of Calves, Swine, Sheep or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence; and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

Which said respective Tolls, and all other Tolls by this Act imposed, and all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall arise and be produced tees/ fU8* therefrom, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and the same and every Part thereof shall be paid, applied, disposed of, and assigned in such Manner as herein-after is mentioned; all which said respective Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken in the Name of or as a Toll; and if any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall, after Demand made thereof by any Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons authorized to receive the same, neglect or refuse to pay the said Tolls, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Collector or Collectors, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, or any of them respectively, or any [Local] 7 D other

566

Trustees to provide Tickets denoting Pay-

Tolls, ire.

For settling Disputes concerning Tolls.

Collectors not incompetent Witnesses.

1° GEORGII IV., Cap. xxv.

other Person or Persons whom they shall respectively take to their Assistance therein, to distrain any Horse or Cattle, Beast or Carriage, for or upon which any of the said Tolls are by this Act imposed, or any of the Lading, Bridles, Saddles, Geers, or Accoutrements thereof respectively (but not the Bridles or Reins separate from such Horse or other Beast), or any of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the same; and the Person or Persons so distraining shall and may at his or their Election, either detain and keep the Horse, Cattle, Beast, Carriage, Goods, and Chattels, or other Articles so distrained, until such Tolls, with the reasonable Charges of such Distress, and of detaining and keeping the same, shall be paid; or if such Tolls and Charges shall not be paid within the Space of Five Days after the Day of making such Distress, the Person or Persons so distraining shall and may at any Time or Times thereafter sell the Horse, Cattle, Beast, Carriage, Goods, and Chattels, or other Articles so distrained, and out of the Money which shall arise by such Sale pay such Tolls, and all reasonable Charges incurred by such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) of the Money which shall arise by such Sales, and what shall remain unsold, upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners thereof.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the said Tolls, the Collector or Receiver thereof shall and he is hereby required to deliver gratis to the Person paying such Tolls, a Note or Ticket denoting such Payment, and which Note or Ticket shall be provided by the said Trustees, and there shall be printed and specified thereon the Names of the several and respective Gates freed by such Payment.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall happen concerning any Tolls due, or the Charges occasioned by any such Distress as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Collector or Person so distraining to retain such Distress, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof, until the Amount of the Tolls or the Charges of the Distress (as the Case may happen) be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the County wherein the Cause of Dispute shall arise, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the Matter on the Oath of the Parties, or of a Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is hereby authorized to administer), and shall determine the Amount of the Tolls due, and shall assess and award such Costs to be paid by either Party to the other of them, as to the said Justice shall appear just and reasonable; all which Costs and Charges shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party liable to pay the same, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting the Costs and Charges of making such Distress and Sale to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and sold.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation shall arise, touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls, the Person or Persons appointed by the said Trustees to collect the 10 same,

567

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xt.

same, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall not be incompetent to give Evidence itx any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of his, her, or their being appointed to collect such Tolls, or acting under the Authority of the said Trustees.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Toll Collector, being a Regulations Lessee of the said Tolls, or being appointed either by the said Trustees, or as to Toll by any Lessee or Lessees for the Time being, to collect the Tolls payable at Co eclor3‘ any Turnpike Gate or Toll Gate already erected by virtue of the said recited Acts, or hereafter to be erected by virtue of this Act, shall and he is required to place his Christian and Surname, painted on a Board in legible Characters in the Front or some conspicuous Part of the Toll House or Toll Gate, immediately upon his beginning to collect such Tolls or coming on Duty, each of the Letters of such Name or Names to be at least One Inch in Length, and of a Breadth in proportion, and painted either in White Letters on a Black Ground, or Black Letters on a White Ground, and shall continue the same so placed during the whole Time he shall, collect such Tolls or be upon such Duty; and if any Collector of the Tolls shall not place such Board as aforesaid, and keep the same there during the Time aforesaid, or shall demand and take a greater or less Toll from any Person than he shall be authorized to do by virtue of the Powers of this Act, or of the Orders and Resolutions of the Trustees made in pursuance thereof, or shall demand and take a Toll from any Person or Persons who shall be exempt from the Payment thereof, and shall claim such Exemption, or shall refuse to permit or suffer, or shall in any Way hinder any Person or Persons from reading such Christian and Surname, or refuse to tell his Christian and Surname to any Person or Persons who shall demand the same on having paid the said Tolls or any of them, or shall in answer to such Demand give a false Name or Names, or shall refuse or neglect to give a Ticket denoting the Payment of the Tolls, and naming and specifying the Gate or Gates freed by such Payment, or upon the legal Toll paid or tendered shall unnecessarily detain, or wilfully obstruct, hinder, or prevent any Passenger or Passengers from passing through any Turnpike or Toll Gate, or shall make use of any scurrilous or abusive Language to any Traveller or Passenger, then and in every such Case every such Toll Collector shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence, as the Justice or Justices before whom the Information shall be laid shall adjudge; and such Penalty shall be recovered, paid, and applied as other Penalties are by this Act directed to be recovered, paid, and applied.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who Tolls to be shall have paid Toll for passing through any of the said Turnpikes or paid bit once Toll Gates, already erected and set up by virtue of the said recited Acts, for Passing shall be subject to the Payment of any Toll for returning through such ?ndrePa"-Turnpike or Toll Gate before Twelve of the Clock of the Night of the chaii^th same Day with the same Horses or other Cattle, or with the same Coach, fresh Pas-Chaise, Waggon, or other Carriage, but shall return Toll-free (except 3en8er5> such Chaises or other Carriages for Hire as shall repass through any of the said Turnpikes, and for which a Ticket shall be delivered, denoting a fresh Hiring, and also except such Carriages as shall pass and return the

568

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. xxv.

same Day, laden in both Cases with any Loading of the Weight of Five hundred Pounds or upwards, of Six Score to the Hundred; and also except any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash with Four Wheels, or Caravan, or by what Name soever such Carriage or Carriages now is or are or hereafter may be called or known, that shall be kept or used by or for any Person or Persons as a public Stage Coach or Stage Coaches, or Stage Carriages employed in carrying Passengers for Hire to and from different Places), in all which excepted Cases the Tolls aforesaid shall be again paid.

55G. 3. C. 119.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the several extended to Powers, Clauses, and Provisions contained and expressed in an Act

this Act. passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to enable Trustees of Turnpike Roads to abate the Tolls on Carriages, and to allow of their carrying extra Weights in certain Cases, shall be extended to this Act, and shall and may be exercised and executed by the Trustees for executing this Act or any

Five or more of them, and be applicable to Waggons, Carts, or other Carriages passing along or over the said Road, any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Only Two full Tolls to

be taken the same Day.

No Toll for crossing the Road.

Penalty on Persons offering Tickets to evade the Payment of Tolls.

Penalty on permitting private Passage, &c. to evade

Tolls.

XXXII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to empower the said Trustees to cause more than Two full Tolls to be demanded or taken for the Passage of the same Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage, through all the Toll Gates erected or to be erected on the said Road on the same Day, such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for the passing of any Cattle or Carriage which shall only cross the said Road, or shall travel thereon for the Space of One hundred Yards only.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall offer or dispose of any Note or Ticket to any Person in order to evade the Payment of the said Tolls, every such Person so offering or disposing of such Note or Ticket, and the Person receiving and making use of the same, shall respectively forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, whereof one Moiety shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied as the Penalties and Forfeitures are herein-after directed to be applied.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall with any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage, pass through any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments (save and except the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, or Person or Persons in his, her, or their Employ, or any of his, her, or their Family) lying near any Turnpike or Toll Gate at any Time erected upon the said Road (the same not being a public Highway); or if any Owner or Occupier of any such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, shall knowingly permit or suffer any Person or Persons (save and except his, her, or their Servant or Servants, or Person or Persons in

569

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxv.

his, her, or their Employ, or any of his, her, or their Family), with any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage whatsoever, to pass through the same with Intent to evade Payment of the said Tolls, or any of them; or if any Person or Persons shall give to or receive from any Person or Persons other than a Toll Collector, or forge or counterfeit any Note or Ticket,

Notes or Tickets, by this Act directed to be given, with Intent to evade the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall forcibly pass through any such Turnpike or Toll Gate with any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, without having previously paid the said Toll, or shall take off or cause to be taken off any Horse or other Cattle or Beast from any Carriage, or having passed through any Turnpike or Toll Gate erected upon the said Road shall afterwards add or put any additional Horse or Beast to such Carriage, with Intent to evade the Payment of the said Tolls, or shall leave or cause to be left upon or near any Part of the said Road any Carriage,

Horse, Cattle, or other Beast, with Intent to evade the Payment of any of the Tolls hereby authorized to be taken, or shall with such Intent unload any Goods from any Horse, Cattle, or Beast, or from and out of any Carriage, or in any Manner whatsoever evade or attempt to evade the Payment of any of the Tolls hereby authorized to be taken, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, one Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety shall be applied in such Manner as other Penalties are herein-after directed to be applied.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power of Trustees from Time to Time, assembled at any Meeting or Meetings to !?d"cin2 be held for that Purpose, to lessen or reduce all or any of the Tolls by 0 this Act granted, and to continue to receive the Tolls so reduced or lessened for such Time or Times as they the said Trustees shall think proper, and may afterwards from Time to Time advance and raise all or

any of the Tolls so lessened or reduced to any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the respective Rates herein-before mentioned; and to order and direct such Tolls so to be lessened or reduced, or advanced and raised, to be collected, received, taken, laid out, and applied for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Tolls are herein-before directed to be collected, levied, and applied; but no such Reduction shall be made unless the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to Two-third Parts of the Money which shall have been lent, and be then due upon the Credit of the Tolls intended to be reduced, shall be consenting thereto; and that no such Reduction shall be made unless at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, Notice in Writing of which Meeting shall be given upon all the Turnpike Gates which shall be then erected upon the said Roads, and also inserted in some Newspaper circulated in the Neighbourhood through which the said Roads pass, Ten Days at least previously to such Meeting.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Toll General shall be demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, Exemptions or Horses, passing laden with or passing empty or unladen for or return- *rom

ing the same Day empty or unladen, after having been loaden with Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Lime, Gravel, or other Materials for {Local.7 E making

570

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxv.

making and repairing the said Roads, or for repairing the Highways, Roads, or Bridges in any Townships through which the said Roads directed by this Act to be repaired doth lead; nor for any Carriage loaden with or passing empty or unloaden for or returning the same Day empty or unladen, after having been loaden with Marl, Muck, Dung, Mould, Compost, or Manure of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, for the Improvement or Manuring of Land, passing to be laid up in the Outhouses, or on the Lands and Premises of the Owner thereof, or any Stones, Bricks, or other Materials for draining Land, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Land; nor for any Carriage laden with or passing empty or unloaden for or returning the same Day empty or unladen, after having been laden with Grass, Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not bought, sold, or disposed of, or carried for the Purpose of being sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses or on the Lands of the Owner thereof who shall not have bought the same; nor for any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry; nor for any Horse or any Cattle or Sheep going to or from Water, Pasture, or Plough, or Tillage or Work in Husbandry, or going to or returning from any Smiths or Blacksmiths Shop to be shoed or farried; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken from any Person or Persons going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County Palatine of Chester, on the Day before the Day or Days of such Election, or the Day after the same shall be concluded; nor for any Horse, or Carriage of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning therefrom; or for any Horse or Carriage attending His Majesty, or any of the Royal Family j or for the Horse or Horses of any Officers or Soldiers on their March or on Duty, or for any Horse or Horses or other Beasts drawing any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to fetch, carry, and convey, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or any sick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers; or for any Horse or Horses, or other Cattle drawing any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, which shall be employed in conveying any Ordnance, or Barrack or Commissariat, or other Public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, or returning after having been so employed; or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry or Infantry, and rode by him in going to or returning from any Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, Inspection, or Review; nor for any Horses or Carriages travelling with Vagrants sent by legal Passes, or Prisoners sent to Gaol or the House of Correction, or returning after being so employed j nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken from any Rector, Vicar, or Curate, going to or returning from his own Parish Church, or other Place of Divine Worship, or visiting his sick Parishioners; nor from any Person or Persons going to or returning from his, her, or their proper Parochial Church or Chapel, or from any Person going to or returning from his, her, or their usual Place of Religious 6 Worship

571

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxv.

Worship tolerated by Law, on Sundays, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or who shall attend the Funeral of any Person who shall die, and be buried in any of the Townships or Parishes through which the said Road or any Part thereof doth lead; and if any Person or Persons shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the same, such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and in all Cases the Proof of Exemption shall lie upon the Person claiming the same.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or driving Carriages

or causing to be driven any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, provided °"

for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or conveying any Ordnance, Bar- ..vlc rack, or Commissariat, or other Public Stores of or belonging to His Ma- to be subject jesty, or for the Use of His Majesty’sForces, shall be subject or liable to any to Toll for Penalty or Forfeiture for Overweight; nor shall any such Waggon, Wain, Overweight. Cart, or other Carriage, or the Horse or Horses drawing the same, be

stopped or detained by reason of any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain,

Cart, or other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen; but it shall be lawful for the Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Wain, Carr, or other Carriage, to put any Number of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and Trustees may and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time as they shall empowered see convenient, to compound and agree for any Term, not exceeding One impound Year at any one Time, with any Person or Persons for any Horses, or ° s' Cattle, Beasts, or Carriages passing through any of the said Turnpikes or

Toll Gates, so that no Composition be made for any Cattle or Carriages travelling for Hire; and all such Composition Money shall be paid One Year in advance, otherwise such Composition shall be void.

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees may Trustees or any Five or more of them from Time to Time, by Writing lease Tolls, under their Hands and Seals, to let or lease the Tolls arising by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, in such Manner as they shall think proper, unto any Person or Persons, for any Term not exceeding Three Years at any one Time, for the best Rent that can or may be gotten for the same, payable at such Times, in such Manner, under such Covenants, and unto such Person or Persons as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall direct or appoint, of which letting Ten Days Notice at the least shall be given in Writing, and affixed on all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates then erected upon the said Roads, and inserted in some public Newspaper circulating in the Neighbourhood through which the said Road doth pass; and the Monies arising thereby shall be applied in such Manner as herein-after is mentioned and directed.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Mortgagee or Mortgagees An Actio of the said Tolls, Turnpikes or Toll Gates, Weighing Machines, Toll of Ejectment

Houses may ke 8Up«

572

ported by one Mortgagee, who may ob-

sion of the Toll Houses.

Trustees may borrow Money upon Mortgage of Tolls.

Form of Mortgage.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxv.

Houses and Buildings, shall seek to obtain Possession of the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates, Weighing Machines, Toll Houses, and Buildings, in order to pay himself, herself, or themselves the Principal Money and Interest, or any Part thereof, due to him, her, or them, it shall be competent for him, her, or them, as Lessor or Lessors of the Plaintiff, and upon his, her, or their Demise only, and without uniting in such Demise the other Mortgagees of the said l olls and Premises to obtain such Possession; but such Person or Persons who shall obtain the Possession thereof shall not apply the Tolls which may consequently be received by him, her, or them to his, her, or their own exclusive Use and Benefit, but to and for the Use and Benefit of all the Mortgagees of the said Tolls, Turnpikes or Toll Gates, Buildings and Premises, pari passu, and in proportion to the several Sums which may be due to them as such Mortgagees.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, at any Meeting or Meetings to be holden for that Purpose, whereof Ten Days Notice in Writing shall be given by the Clerk, Treasurer or Treasurers, to be affixed on all the Turnpike Gates then erected upon the said Roads, and inserted in some public Newspaper circulated in the Neighbourhood through which the said Roads do pass, may and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time, by any Writing or Instrument under their Hands and Seals, to assign over or mortgage all or any of the Tolls to be collected and arising by virtue of this Act, and also the Toll Houses and Appurtenances thereunto belonging (the Charges of assigning the same to be paid out of such Tolls), for any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, upon the Credit of such Tolls, to such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, or his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, who shall advance and lend the same to secure the Repayment thereof, with such legal Interest as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think proper, which said Money so to be borrowed shall be applied and disposed of in such Manner as the said Tolls to arise or be collected at the said Turnpike Gates are hereby directed and intended to be applied and disposed of, and to no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever j and such Mortgage or Mortgages, Assignment or Assignments, may be in the Form following, or in any Form of Words to the like Effect j (that is to say),

‘ virtue of an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His

* -*- Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act [here set forth the c Title of this Act]* *n consideration of the Sum of

* to A.B. the Treasurer appointed by the Trustees for putting the said Act into Execution, having been this Day paid by C.D. of

* we, whose Names are hereunto subscribed and Seals affixed, being

of the said Trustees, do grant and assign unto the said C. D.

e Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion

of the Tolls arising upon the Roads in the said Act mentioned, and of the Turnpikes and Toll Houses for collecting the said Tolls, as the said Sum of doth or shall bear to the whole Sum

due and owing on the Credit of the said Tolls, or charged thereupon, t for the Term of the said Act; to have, hold, receive, and take such t Proportion of the said Tolls, Toll Houses and Premises, with the

‘ Appur-

573

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxv.

* Appurtenances, unto the said C.D. Executors, Admi-

* nistrators, and Assigns, for the Residue and Remainder now to come or the Term of Years, for which the said Tolls are granted by the said Act, subject to the Proviso following, (that is to say): Provided always,

‘ that if the said Sum of shall be repaid to the said C. D.

6 Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, together with Interest for the same, after the Rate of per Centum per Annum, without any

« Deduction whatsoever, on or before the Day of

now next ensuing, then this Assignment shall be void, or else remain in full force. In witness whereof we have hereunto set our Hands and t Seals, this Day of One thousand eight

6 hundred and.

Copies of all which Mortgages or Assignments shall be entered in a Book Power to or Books, to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Treasurer or transfer>&c* Treasurers to the said Trustees; and all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Mortgage or Assignment shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the same, or the Money thereby secured, is and are hereby empowered from Time to Time, by Assignment under, his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to be indorsed on his, her, or their Security, or by any other Writing or Writings under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, before one credible Witness, to assign over or transfer his, her, or their Right to the Principal and Interest Money thereby secured to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by signing an Instrument to be annexed to such Security before one credible Witness in the following Words, or Words to the like Effect j (that is to say),

I A.B. do transfer this Assignment, with all my Right and Title to Form of the Principal and Interest thereby secured, and to all the Interest now Transfer.

6 due thereon, unto C.D. Executors, Administrators, and

4 Assigns. Dated this Day of One thousand eight hundred and

4 Witness E. F. A. B *

AH which Assignments or Transfers shall be produced and notified to the Clerk, Treasurer or Treasurers, to the said Trustees, within Twenty-eight Days after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry to be made of such Assignment, containing the Dates, Names, and Additions of the Parties, and Sums of Money therein mentioned, to be assigned and transferred in the said Book or Books, to be kept for entering the said original Mortgages and Assignments, for which the Clerk, Treasurer or Treasurers, to the said Trustees shall be paid the Sum of Ten Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, and which said Book or Books shall and may at all seasonable Times be perused and inspected without Fee or Reward; and after such Entry made and not otherwise, such Assignment or Transfer shall entitle such Assignee or Assignees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to such Mortgage or Assignment, and the Monies thereby secured, and so assigned or transferred, and to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and such Assignee or Assignees, his/her, or their Executors or Administrators, shall and may in like Manner assign-and transfer the same again, and so Mies quoties; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons, who shall have made

574

Power to cancel old

Mortgages

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxv.

any such Assignment or Transfer, to make void, release, or discharge the same, or any Monies due thereon: Provided always, that no Preference shall be given to any Person or Persons advancing any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by this Act, or who shall have already advanced any Sum or Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken by the said recited Acts, in respect to the Priority of advancing or having advanced any Sum or Sums of Money, but that all Persons to whom such Mortgages or Assignments shall have been or shall be made as aforesaid shall be in proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money, and on the Terms therein mentioned. Creditors on the Tolls granted by this Act in equal Degree one with another.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall and may, if thereunto required, receive in and cancel all or any of the Mortgages now standing out that were made by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any or either of them, and give and execute another Mortgage or other Mortgages instead and lieu thereof respectively, in manner and transferable as herein-before is mentioned; and that until such Mortgages now standing out as were made by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any or either of them, shall be received in and cancelled, and others given and executed in lieu thereof respectively, such Mortgages shall be as good, valid, and effectual, as if the same had been so received in and cancelled, and others given and executed in lieu thereof, or as if the same had been given as Securities for Money borrowed under the Authority of this Act.

Application

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all Monies and other Effects of Tojj! ai.ld which they the said Trustees, or any of them, or any Treasurer or Trea-ot er omes. gurers^ or otiier person or Persons on their Behalf, are or is entitled to by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any or either of them, shall be by the said Trustees applied for the Purposes of this Act; and that out of the Monies which shall arise by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them, or this Act, and not herein otherwise appropriated or directed to be applied, the Expences attending the preparing, obtaining, and passing this Act, shall be first paid and discharged, and the Remainder thereof shall from Time to Time be applied in paying the Interest due and to grow due upon all such Sums of Money as are due and owing upon the Credit of the said Tolls by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any or either of them, or shall be borrow ed upon the Credit and Security of the Tolls by this Act granted, and afterwards in amending, widening, altering, diverting, turning, repairing, improving, and keeping in Repair all the said Roads; and lastly, in reducing, paying off, and discharging the several principal Sums now due and owing on the Credit of the said Tolls, or which may hereafter become due and owing, and in defraying the Expences attending the Execution of this Act, and to or for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may cause the said Roads to be measured, and Stones or Posts to be set up in or near the Sides of the said Roads, at the Distance of One Mile from each other, denoting the Distance of every such Stone or Post from any 11 Town

Mile Stones to be set up, and Penalty on Persons damaging them, &c.

575

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxv.

Town or Place; and also so much and so many Direction or Guide Posts as to the said Trustees shall seem expedient; and if any Person shall wilfully pull up, damage, or destroy any of the said Stones or Posts, or shall obliterate or deface any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks which shall be inscribed thereon; or if any Person or Persons shall drive any Cattle, or any Swine, or any Cart or other Carriage, upon any Footway adjoining to the said Roads, or shall permit or suffer any such Cattle or Swine to be and continue upon the said Roads, or any Part thereof, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof; or shall fly any Dragons or Kites upon or near to the said Roads, or within Twenty Yards of the Centre thereof, to the Danger, Inconvenience, or Annoyance of Persons riding or travelling upon the said Roads, or any Part thereof; or shall do or cause any Injury or Damage to be done to any Footway adjoining the said Roads; or if any Person or Persons shall haul or draw, or cause to be hauled or drawn upon any Part of the said Roads, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwise than upon Wheel Carriages, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber or Stone, which shall be carried upon Wheel Carriages, to drag upon any Part of the said Roads; or if any Person shall, after having blocked or stopped any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever in going up any Hill or rising Ground, leave or suffer or permit to be and remain on any Part of the said Roads, the Stone or other Thing used in such Blocking or Stopping; or if any Person driving any Pigs or Swine upon the said Roads shall suffer the same, or any of them, to root up and damage the said Roads, or any Part thereof, or the Fences, Hedges, Backings, or Copse on either Side thereof; or if any Person driving any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage upon the said Roads, and meeting another Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, shall not keep his Carriage on the Left or Near Side of the said Roads; or if any Person or Persons shall in any Manner wilfully prevent any other Person or Persons from passing him, her, or them upon the said Roads, or the Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage under his, her, or their Care; or if any Person or Persons shall make or assist in making any Fire or Fires commonly called Bonfires, or shall set fire to or let off, or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent, or other Firework whatsoever, upon or within Eighty Feet of the Centre of the said Roads, or any of them; or play at Football, or any other Game or Games on any Part or Parts of the said Roads, to the Annoyance of any Passenger or Passengers; or if any Person or Persons shall leave any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Wain, Carr, or other Carriage (except in Cases of Accident), longer than may be necessary for the loading or unloading of the same in, upon, or on the Side of any Part or Parts of the said Roads, either with or without any Horse or Beast of Draught harnessed or yoked thereto, or shall not place the same during the loading or unloading thereof as near to the Side of the said Roads as conveniently may be; or shall lay any Piece of Timber, or any Stone or Stones, Hay, Straw, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever on any Part of the said Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof, or on any Waste Ground adjoining the Side or Sides thereof, and being within the Distance of Twenty Feet from the Centre of the said Roads, or any Part thereof, to the Prejudice or Injury thereof, or to the Annoyance or Prejudice of any Person or Persons travelling thereon; or shall turn or make any Drain or Watercourse into, under, or upon the said

576

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxv.

Roads, or any Part thereof, or suffer the Water from any Pump or Spout, or from any Trough, Cistern, or other Vessel, to run into, over, or upon the said Roads, or any Part thereof, to the Prejudice or Damage thereof; or shall do any other wilful Act, Damage, or Injury to the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Forimpound.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Cow, iag Cattle or Horse, Ass, Pig, or other Live Stock, shall at any Time be found inTupon^the wan£lering, straying, or lying about the said Roads, or any Part thereof. Roads. h shall be lawful for the Surveyor of the said Roads for the Time being, or some other Person or Persons employed by him or by the said Trustees, or any one of them, to seize and impound every such Cow, Horse, Ass, Pig, or other Live Stock or Cattle, in the common Pound (if any) of the Hamlets, Township, Parish, or Place in which the same shall be found wandering, straying, or lying about the said Roads, or any Part thereof, or in such other Place or Places as the said Trustees or any one of them, or their said Surveyor shall appoint, and the same there to detain until the Owner or Owners thereof shall for every such Cow, Horse, Ass, Pig, or other Live Stock or Cattle so impounded, pay the Sum of Five Shillings to the Person impounding the same, together with the reasonable Charges and Expences of impounding and keeping the same j and in case the said Penalty, Charges, and Expences shall not be paid within Three Days after such impounding, it shall be lawful for any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said County, by an Order or Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, to sell or cause any such Cow, Horse, Ass, Pig, or other Live Stock or Cattle, to be sold, and the Money arising from such Sale, after deducting the said Penalty, and the Charges and Expences of impounding, keeping, and selling every such Cow, Horse, Ass, Pig, or other Live Stock or Cattle, shall be paid to the Person whose Property the same so sold shall appear to have been.

Surveyor*

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the may make Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, or such other Person or Per-Causeways, sons as or they sjiajj app0jnt (such Surveyor or Surveyors having an Order for that Purpose from any Five or more of the said Trustees), to make Causeways, and also Ditches and Drains, in and upon the said Roads, and in, upon, and through any Grounds lying contiguous thereto, (not being a Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, Planted Walk or Avenue to any House, or any inclosed Ground planted or set apart as a Nursery for Trees), in order to conduct the Water from off the said Roads j and also by Order of the said Trustees to build, erect, repair, and keep in Repair any Bridge or Bridges, Arch or Arches, upon any Part or Parts of the said Roads, and also across any Canal, Stream, River, Brook, Water, Ditch, or Drain in or contiguous to the said Roads, making such Recompence to [he Owners and Occupiers of the private Grounds respectively, for the Damages they shall or may thereby sustain, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the said Trustees; and in case of any Difference concerning such Damages, the Justices of the Peace for the said County, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the same County next after such Difference shall arise, and

on

577

r GEORGII IV. Cap. xxv.

on Six Days Notice thereof to be given by the said Surveyor or Surveyors to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or by such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, to the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or to be left at his, her, or their respective Places of Abode, shall hear, settle, and determine the Matters of the said Damages, and the Costs attending the hearing and determining the same, whose Judgment and Order therein shall be final and conclusive to all Parties; but no Satisfaction or Recompence shall be made for doing and performing any of the Works aforesaid upon or through any Common, Waste, or uncultivated Ground.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyor or Surveyors to be appointed by virtue of this Act, and such other Person or Persons as shall be employed by such Surveyor or Surveyors, or by the said Trustees, is and are hereby empowered to cut, dig, gather, take, and carry away any Ashler Stone, Coping Stone, Wall Stone, or other Stone, and also any Furze, Heath, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials proper for the amending and repairing the said Roads, and the Bridges, Culverts, Walls, and Fences in or upon the same, in, upon, out of, or from any Commons or Waste Grounds, or common Rivers or Brooks, in any Parish, Township, or Place in which the said Roads, or any Part thereof, doth lie, or in any adjoining Parish, Township, or Place, to be used in the repairing and amending the said Roads, without paying any thing for the same, and to cart and carry away the same over the Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons, making Satisfaction a3 hereinafter mentioned, such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, filling up the Pit or Pits, and levelling the Ground from which such Materials shall have been taken, or railing or fencing off such Pit or Pits, so that the same may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and if such Quantities of Ashler Stone, Coping Stone, Wall Stone, or other Stone, or Furze, Heath, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials proper and sufficient for that Purpose, cannot be had, gotten, or found in or upon such Commons or Waste Grounds, common Rivers or Brooks, contiguous to that Part of the said Roads therewith to be made and repaired, then and in such Case the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, may, by Order of any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County, cut, dig, and make any Pit or Pits, and get, gather, take, and carry away such Stone and Materials as aforesaid, in, upon, or out of, from, and over the Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons where the same may be had or found in any Parish, Township, or Place in which any Part of the said Roads shall lie or be situate, or in any adjoining Parish, Township, or Place (not being a Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, Planted Walk, or Avenue to any House, or any inclosed Ground planted or set apart as a Nursery for Trees), paying or tendering Payment to the respective Owners or Occupiers of such Lands or Grounds fdr such Damages for the cutting, digging, gathering, taking, and carrying away the said Ashler Stone, Coping Stone, Wall Stone, or other Stone, Furze, Heath, Gravel, Sand, and other Materials, and for carrying the same, or the Materials gotten in any Commons or Waste Grounds, common Rivers or Brooks as aforesaid, over their Lands or Grounds, as the said Trustees shall think just and reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the said Trustees or any of them, or their Surveyor [Local.'] 7 G or

Surveyors to get Gravel.

Justices to determine Differences.

578

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxv.

or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons by them appointed or employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners and Occupiers, or any or either of them, concerning the said Damages or the Value of such Materials, then and in every such Case any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the said County, within Ten Days next after such Difference shall arise, and on Six Days Notice thereof to be given by the said Surveyor or Surveyors to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or by such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, to the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or to be left at his or their respective Places of Abode, shall hear, settle, and determine the Matter of the said Damages, and the Value of such Materials, and the Costs attending the hearing and determining the same.

Surveyors not to take Materials out of private Grounds, without giving Notice to the Oc-

Penalty on taking away Materials got by the Surveyors.

Surveyors may remove Annoyances.

XLIX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any such Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other Person or Persons, under the Authority of this Act, or any Statute now in being, to dig, gather, take, and carry away Stone or other Materials for repairing the said Roads, or for building, erecting, making, or repairing any Bridges, Culverts, Walls, and Fences belonging thereto, out of or from any inclosed Lands or Grounds, until Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupier at his last or usual Place of Residence, to appear before any Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the said County, to show cause why such Materials shall not be had and taken out of or from such Lands and Grounds; and in case such Occupier shall attend pursuant to such Notice, the said Justices shall, if they think proper, authorize such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, to dig, gather, take, and carry away such Stone and Materials, at such Time or Times as to such Justices shall seem proper; and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or his Agent before such Justices as aforesaid, the said Justices shall and may make such Order therein as they shall think fit and proper, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whomsoever shall take and carry away any Stone or other Materials which shall have been dug, gotten, or gathered for the Purpose of repairing and amending the said Roads, or shall get or take away any Materials from or out of any Pit or Quarry which shall have been made or opened for the Purpose of getting Materials for the said Roads, before the said Surveyor or Surveyors or other Workmen shall have discontinued working therein (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground wherein such Pit or Quarry shall have been so made and opened, and the Person or Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials for his own private Use only, and not for Sale), every Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as they or he shall appoint from Time to Time (such Surveyor or Surveyors having an Order for that Purpose from any Five or more of the said Trustees),

13 to

579

i° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxv.

to remove and prevent all Annoyances on any Part of the said Roads, by Filth, Dung, Ashes, Compost, Rubbish, Straw, or otherwise, and to fence off and guard against any Water Pits, Precipices, or other Places that may be dangerous to Persons travelling upon the said Roads, and to turn any Watercourses, Sinks, or Drains running along, into, or out of the said Roads, or any Part thereof, to the Prejudice or Injury thereof, and to open, scour, cleanse, widen, or make deeper any Watercourses,

Drains, or Ditches adjoining thereto, and to make the same as deep and as large as he or they shall think proper and necessary, and at proper Seasons of the Year to cut down or lop any Branches of Trees, Shrubs, or Bushes (not being an Ornament or Shelter to any House) growing or to grow on the said Roads, or in the Hedges or Banks adjacent thereto respectively (not being a Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, Plantation,

Walk, or Avenue to a House), and to take and carry away the same, in case the Owners or Occupiers of the Premises shall, for the Space of Five Days next after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose by such Surveyor or Surveyors, neglect to lop, cut down, or remove such Branches of Trees, Shrubs, or Bushes, or to open, scour, cleanse, widen, or deepen such Watercourses, Drains, or Ditches, or remove such other Annoyances, in such Manner as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall require; the Charges whereof (to be settled by the said Trustees) shall be reimbursed to such Surveyor or Surveyors by such Owners or Occupiers, and be recovered and applied in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act are herein-after directed to be recovered and applied; and if, after Removal of any of the said Annoyances, any Person or Persons shall again offend in like Manner, every such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LII. And be it further enacted, That all Gates to be hereafter made Gate» not to and placed in any Field or Ground adjoining the said Roads, shall be swing into made and hang so as to open and swing inwards towards such Field or t*ie R°a(h Ground, and not towards the said Roads, and that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to order all such Gates as are now erected and set up, and open and swing outwards towards the said Roads, to be altered and made to open and swing inwards, as they the said Trustees shall think proper; and if any Occupier or Occupiers of the Lands, upon which any Gate or Gates is or are or shall be constructed so as to open and swing outwards towards the said Roads, shall (after Ten Days Notice from the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, requiring him, her, or them to alter any such Gate or Gates, and to make the same to open and swing inwards) refuse or neglect to make such Alterations, every such Occupier or Occupiers shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Penalty on assault, interrupt, or hinder, or cause or procure to be assaulted, inter- obstructing rupted, or hindered, any Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, or Survey°r or any Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, or any Person or Persons ColIector* employed in the Execution of this Act, every such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

580

Trustees may widen any Part of the Roads to Sixty Feet.

Restraining Trustees from deviating from the Line of the Roads without Consent, See.

Trustees may purchase and incapacitated Persons sell Lands and Hereditaments wanted for the Purposes of this Act.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxv.

LIV. And be it farther enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Majority of the Trustees present at any Meeting of the said Trustees, at any Time or Times during the Continuance of this Act, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to widen any Part or Parts of the said Roads to be repaired and kept in Repair by this Act so as to make such Part or Parts of the said Roads, not exceeding Sixty Feet in Width, for the Accommodation of Passengers and Travellers, through any private Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, first making or tendering Satisfaction to the Owners thereof, and Persons interested therein, for the Damage they may thereby sustain; and also through any Commons or Waste Grounds, without making any Satisfaction for such Commons or Waste Grounds; and also that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or such Majority as aforesaid, and for their Surveyor or Surveyors and Workmen, with or without Carriages and Cattle, from Time to Time to enter upon any private Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments through which or whereupon the said Roads hereby authorized to be widened are intended to pass; and to stake out and make the same in such Manner as they the said Trustees, or such Majority as aforesaid, shall think necessary or proper, without being liable or subject to be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Punishment for entering or continuing upon any Part or Parts of such last-mentioned Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments respectively, for any of the Purposes of this Act, first making or tendering Satisfaction to the Owners thereof, and Persons interested therein, for the Damage they may thereby sustain.

LV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees, in diverting, turning, varying, or altering the Course or Path of any Part of the said Roads, to deviate more than One hundred Yards from the present Line or Course thereof, without the Consent in Writing of the Owners or reputed Owners and Occupiers for the Time being of the Lands and Grounds which may be affected by any such Diversion or Alteration.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That for the Purposes aforesaid it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to contract with the Owners of and Persons interested in any Lands or Hereditaments for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons may sustain by the making, diverting, turning, widening, or altering the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Roads through such Lands or Hereditaments, and to pay for the same out of the Tolls and other Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic and Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Tail, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, or other Trustees whatsoever, for and on the Behalf of any Infants, Femes Covert or Cestuique Trusts, and all other Persons whomsoever, to contract and agree with the said Trustees for the Purchase of such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, or for their Interest therein for the Purposes aforesaid, and to sell and convey the same as Occasion shall be and require; and all Contracts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made, shall be good and valid to all Intents and Purposes; any Law, Statute, Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary

thereof

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxv.

thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and that all Persons shall be and they are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Tail, or any other Person or Persons as aforesaid, interested in any such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, upon Notice to him, her, or them given or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, or Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Head Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments intended to be taken in and added to any Part of the said Roads, and through which any Part or Parts of the said Roads shall be intended to be turned as aforesaid, shall, for the Space of Ten Days next after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every or in any such Case the said Trustees shall cause it to be enquired into and ascertained by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the County Palatine of Chester, which Oath any Two or more of the said Trustees are hereby empowered and required to administer, what Damages shall be sustained by and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers, or other Persons as aforesaid, for or on account of the turning or widening of such Roads, or any Part thereof, through such Lands or Grounds; and in order thereto, the said Trustees are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time to summon before the said Jury, and examine upon Oath all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who shall be thought necessary or proper to be examined concerning the Premises (which Oath any Two or more of the said Trustees are hereby empowered to administer); and they the said Trustees shall, by ordering a View or otherwise, use all lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the Jury’s better Information in the Premises; and such Trustees shall order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money, which shall be assessed by the said Jury for such Damages as aforesaid, to be paid to the said Owners or Proprietors, or other Person or Persons interested in the said Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments according to such Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury; and Judgment, Order, and Determination shall be final and binding to all Intents and Purposes against all Parties and Persons whomsoever claiming or to claim in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well absent as present, Infants and Femes Covert, and Persons under any other Disability whatsoever, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, as well as all other Person or Persons whomsoever, and against all and every such Owners and Proprietors; and the said Trustees are hereby empowered to issue out a Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the said respective County (as the Case may be), thereby commanding him to impannel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Persons to appear before the said Trustees, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed; and the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to [Low/.] 7 H impartnel,

581

If Parties da not agree, or the Owner cannot make a Title, the Value of the Premises to be settled by a Jury.

582

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxv.

impannel, summon, and return such Number of Persons accordingly, and out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Trustees shall swear or cause to be sworn Twelve, who shall be the Jury for the Purpose aforesaid; and for Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve.

Juries may be

LVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons and Sheriffs concerned shall have their lawful Challenge against any of the said fined for Jurymen; and the said Trustees acting in the Premises shall have Power

Default. from Time to Time to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such

Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or being sworn, for refusing to give or not giving their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglecting their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and on any of the Persons who being required to give Evidence before the said Jury, touching the Premises, shall refuse or neglect to appear or refuse to be examined and give Evidence; and from Time to Time to levy and apply such Forfeitures in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures are herein-after directed to be levied and disposed of, so that no such Fine exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds upon any one Person for one Offence.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money or Recompence to be agreed for or ascertained as aforesaid, shall be and is and are hereby charged upon the respective Tolls by this Act appropriated for the repairing and amending the said Roads to be turned, altered, or widened, or on the Monies to be borrowed on the Credit of such respective Tolls, and shall be paid thereout accordingly; and upon Payment or Tender thereof to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, his, her, or their Agent or Agents, or on depositing the same in the Bank of England in the Manner herein-after directed (as the Case may be), it shall be lawful for the said 1'rustees, their Surveyors, Workmen, or Agents, to enter into Possession of and lay such Land or Ground into the said Road, and to do all and every such Matter or Thing with relation to such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments as the said Trustees shall think fit; and the Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, so taken into or made Part of the said Road, shall be deemed and taken to be, and shall be to all Intents and Purposes, a public and common Highway, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair by such Ways and Means as the said Roads hereby directed to be repaired and widened are by this or any other Law to be repaired; and after such new Road shall be completed, the Lands and Grounds constituting the former Road, unless leading over some Common or Waste, or to some Town or Place to which such new Road shall not lead, shall be vested in, and shall and may be sold and conveyed by the said Trustees, for the best Price that can be gotten for the same, and the Money arising from such Sale shall be applied in such Manner as the Tolls hereby appropriated to the Repair of the Road II so

Money allowed for Lands how to be charged and tendered.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxv. 583

so to be sold as aforesaid are directed to be applied; but this Act shall Houses not not extend to give Power to the said Trustees to take down any House *o be taken or other Building, or to take in any Land that is a Garden adjoining to ^Consent any Dwelling House, or any Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, Plantation, planted Walk, or Avenue to any House, or Nursery for Trees, or any Part thereof, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner and Occupiers thereof respectively first had and obtained.

LX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury shall give in and By whom deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money as a Recompence for JSxPeij"^ the Right, Interest, or Property of any Person or Persons in any Lands pjjj* a e or Hereditaments, or for any Loss or Damage to be by him, her, or them sustained, than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees before the summoning and returning of the said Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, that then and in such Case the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining of such Difference, shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees out of the Money to arise by virtue of this Act; but if such Jury shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more or less Money than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees before the summoning and returning of the said Jury, as a Recompence and Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, then the full Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining of such Difference, shall be paid and borne by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute; which said Costs and Expences, having been ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace for the said respective County, not interested in the Matter in question, who is hereby authorized and required to examine and settle the same, shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons; and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums of Money so assessed and adjudged, or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the same be not paid upon Demand after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk to the said Trustees, in and by such Ways and Means as are herein-after provided for Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures: Provided always, that in case any Person or Persons shall by reason of Absence have been prevented from treating, such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees out of any Money to be raised or received under or by virtue of this Act.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Application awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments pur- of Compen-chased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the sation Purposes aforesaid, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as herein mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall

amount

584

1° GEORGII IV. Cap .XXV.

amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convex nient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, ex parte the said Trustees, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who* would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments standing settled therewith to the same or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyances and Settlements shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the meantime, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Application

LXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money where the $o agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-UorTdoe^not ments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belong-exceed aool. ^ng to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability nor less than or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred 20I. Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all

such Cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in Cases of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved by Five or more of the Trustees for executing this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to

585

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxv.

be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

LXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next herein-before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, as the said Trustees shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or shall refuse to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments [describing them], subject to the Order, Controul, or Disposition of the said Court; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceding or otherwise, as to the Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, or to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate and Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making claim thereunto, and to make such Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum and Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the same is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased in [Local.'] 7 / pursuance

Application where the Money i> less than 20I.

In case of not making out Titles, or if Persons cannot be found, Purchase Money to be paid

Bank.

Where any

Question shall arise, touching the Title to Money to be paid, the Person who shall be in Posses-

586

sion of the Lands, &c. at the Time of such Purchase, shall be deemed entitled thereto.

Court may-order reasonable Expences to be paid by the Trustees.

Trustees empowered to sell Grounds not wanted for the Purposes of this Act.

Persons whose Lands adjoin to have the Preference.

1 GEORGII IV. Cap. xxv.

pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Monies, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

LXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of any Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees absolutely to sell and dispose of any Toll House or Toll Houses now or hereafter to be erected upon the said Roads, and the Ground whereon the same shall stand, together with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, and any other Piece or Pieces of Ground, when the same shall be considered by the said Trustees useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by public Auction or private Sale, at or for such Price or Prices as they the said Trustees can obtain for the same; and in case of Sale to convey the said Toll House or Toll Houses, and the Scite or Scites of the same, Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances, to the Person or Persons purchasing the same, as an Estate or Estates of Inheritance in Fee Simple j and the Person or Persons who shall purchase the same, his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns, shall, upon Payment of his, her, cr their Purchase Money to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, hold and enjoy the Premises by him or them so purchased, discharged from all Trusts, and free from all Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall not be obliged to see to the Application of his, her, or their Purchase Money, nor be answerable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof.

LXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Offer of the Purchase of any Toll House or Toll Houses, and the Ground whereon the same may stand, with the Outhouses, Gardens, and Appurtenances thereunto

587

1° GEORGII IV. Cap.m-

thereunto belonging, or any other Piece or Pieces of Ground not wanted for the Purposes of this Act, shall be first made to the Owners of the Land adjoining thereto, and in case such Owner shall be desirous of becoming the Purchaser thereof, qr any Part or Parts thereof, and cannot agree with the said Trustees for the Price to be paid for the Purchase of the same, and such Owner shall be desirous of becoming the Purchaser thereof, then and in such Case the Value thereof shall be settled and ascertained by a Jury, in such and the like Manner as the Price for any Land to be taken in pursuance of this Act is directed to be settled and ascertained in and by this Act; and such Owner shall be deemed the Purchaser thereof at the Sum to be ascertained by the Jury to be the Value thereof; and the Expences of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in like Manner as by this Act is directed with respect to Purchases made by the said Trustees mutatis mutandis; and in case such Owner shall refuse to pay such Money on Demand made thereof by the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees, and Tender of the Conveyances of such Toll House or Toll Houses, with the Appurtenances, or any Piece or Pieces of Ground as aforesaid, the same shall and may be recovered by the said Trustees, by Action of Debt, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and in case any such Owner shall not agree, or shall refuse to purchase any such Toll House or Toll Houses, with the Appurtenances, or any such Piece or Pieces of Ground as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, not interested in the Premises, to make an Affidavit, to be sworn before a Master or Master Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Town, Division, or Place where such Toll House or Toll Houses and Appurtenances, or any such Piece or Pieces of Ground shall lie, stating that such Offer had been made by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Owner has not agreed, or has refused to purchase such Toll House or Toll Houses and Appurtenances, or Piece or Pieces of Ground (as the Case may be), and such Affidavits shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and not agreed to or refused by such Owner.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Bodies Politic and Corpor Persons liable rate, whether Sole or Aggregate, and all Persons who are or shall be to repair liable to the Repair, or to contribute to the Repair of any Part of the Roa^s 10 said Roads, or any Bridge, Causeway, Drain, Arch, or Sewer therein, cont, nue 80* shall notwithstanding this Act still remain liable and chargeable to such Repair and Contribution, in such Manner as they were before the passing of this Act.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Statute Trustees or any Five or more of them, by their Surveyor or Surveyors, or Labour, any Two Justices of the Peace for the said County, and they are hereby empowered and required (upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees or any Five more of them, or by their Clerk or Surveyor by their Order) yearly to adjudge and determine what Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, or Places liable to repair the said Roads, or any Part thereof; and also what Pro *

portion

588 l’ GEORGII IV. Cap. xxv.

portion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, or Place, either as a Highway Rate or Assessment, or as a Composition for such Statute Work, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees; and in order thereto, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, by any Summons under the Hand and Seal of any One or more of them, or for such Justices, from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, or Place, to bring in Lists before them the said Trustees or such Justices (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons, either personally or by leaving the same at his or their Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parishes, Townships, or Places are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Highway Rate or Assessment, or any Money as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature and Quantity of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; and out of such Lists the said Trustees or such Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons therein stated as liable to do Statute Work, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads, as they the said Trustees or Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done by such Persons on such Days, at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest) and on such Parts of the said Roads, as the said Trustees or their Surveyor shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Trustees or Justices shall and may also order and direct the several Persons, who by such Lists shall appear to be subject or liable to the Payment of any Highway Rate or Assessment, or any Money as a Composition for Statute Work, to pay such Proportion thereof as they the said Trustees or Justices shall think proper to the Surveyor or Surveyors of such Townships or Places respectively, who shall collect and receive the same for the Use of the said Trustees, and afterwards pay over the same to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Surveyor, at such Times as they the said Trustees or such Justices shall direct; and in default of Payment thereof the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels-of the respective Persons charged therewith, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized to be recovered; and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Residence, for that Purpose, signed by the Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer, Team, Draught, Horse, or Beast to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Penalties and Forfeitures as such Person may for such Offence be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person or Persons who shall be so found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Case the Person or Persons sending such Labourer shall be subject and liable to the respective Penalties and Forfeitures above-

mentioned,

589

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxv.

mentioned, as if he had refused or neglected to send such Team or Draught to work on the said Roads; and in case the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places, shall refuse or neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect and pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof, in Manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to compound and agree, by the Year or otherwise, with the Possessors, Occupiers, Grantees, Feoffees, and Committees of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which are or shall be liable to or charged with the Repair of any Part of the said Roads, or of any Bridge, Arch, or Sewer therein, or with any Person or Persons for the Performance of his, her, or their Statute Work thereon; and also that it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places, by and with the Consent of a Majority of the Inhabitants of such Parishes, Townships, or Places first had, at any Vestry or other public Meeting of such Inhabitants, to compound and agree by the Year or otherwise with the said Trustees for and in lieu of the Statute Work to be performed by such Inhabitants upon any Part or Parts of the said Roads; all which Composition Monies shall be from Time to Time paid in advance, and shall be applied in the Repair of the said Roads; and all such Surveyors shall be reimbursed the Money so by them expended and paid, in such Manner as the Surveyors of the Highways are by Law to be reimbursed the Monies expended in buying Materials for the Repairs of the Highways.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose delegate or appoint, are hereby empowered to contract with any Person or Persons for the widening, improving, or repairing the said Roads, or any Part thereof, and for erecting and setting Mile and Direction Stones or Posts thereon, or for doing any other Work to be performed in the Execution of this Act, in such Manner, and for such Sum and Sums of Money, as the said Trustees shall think proper; and that all Contracts and Agreements in Writing entered into pursuant to any Order of the said Trustees, by their Clerk, Treasurer or Treasurers, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer, with any Workmen or other Person or Persons relating to any Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of this Act, shall be binding upon all such Persons who shall sign the same, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, and that Actions and Suits shall and may be maintained thereon by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk, Treasurer or Treasurers, and in his or their Name or Names respectively, and Damages and Costs recovered against the Party or Parties, or Person or Persons failing in the Performance of such Contracts or Agreements respectively; and such Sum or Sums of Money as shall or may be requisite for making or repairing the said Roads, or any Part thereof, or any other Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of this Act, and which by such Contracts or Agreements respectively the Parties ought to have done, shall be the Measure of [Local.] 7 K the

Power to compound for Statute Labour.

T rusteea may-contract for Repairs,

590

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. XXV.

the Damages to be recovered in any Action or Suit against such Party or Persons so as aforesaid making Default in fulfilling his, her, or their Contract or Agreement; any Law or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

Trustees may compound for Penalties.

Distress not to be deemed unlawful for Want of Form.

Plaintiff not

if Tender of Amends.

For securing

transient

Offenders.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be brought, commenced, or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Penalty or Penalties contained in this Act, or for Breach or Nonperformance of any Contract or Contracts entered into, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees from Time to Time to compound and agree for the same, for such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, instead of receiving the whole of such Penalty or Penalties j but the Sums compounded or agreed for shall not be less than the Damage or Injury sustained by the Breach or Nonperformance of any such Contract, and all the Costs, Charges, and Expences which shall be occasioned thereby.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Penalty or Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initiot or on account of any Irregularity which shall hereafter be done by the Party or Parties so distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action on the Case: Provided always, that no Plaintiff shall recover in any Action for such Irregularity, Trespass, or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed, or caused to be committed, any such Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceeding, before such Action brought j and the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, may at any Time before Issue joined pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Orders, or Judgments shall be had, made, and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXXV. And whereas Offences may be committed against this Act by Persons unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers appointed to put this Act into Execution; be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of the said Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, and such other Person or Persons as he or they shall call to his or their Assistance, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any unknown Person or Persons who shall commit any such Offence or Offences, and take him, her, or them before any Justice of the Peace of the said County, and near to the Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed, to be dealt with according to Law.

Penalty on

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Witnesses shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before any whe^sum^2 Jus"ce Peace after having been paid or tendered a reasonable Sum of moned!Un' Money for his, her, or their Costs, Charges, and Expences, touching any Matter

591

1* GEORGII IV. Cap. xxv.

Matter of Fact contained in any Information or Complaint for any Offence against this Act, either on the Part of the Prosecutor, or the Person or Persons accused; and if any such Person or Persons shall respectively refuse or neglect to appear at the Time and Place for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for his, her, or their Refusal or Neglect, or appearing shall refuse to be examined upon Oath, and give Evidence before such Justice of the Peace, then and in either of the said Cases every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, penalties and Fines hereby inflicted or authorized to be imposed (the Manner of how to be levying and recovering of which is not herein otherwise directed), shall, levi^nd upon Proof of the Offences respectively before One or more of His api> Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, or any other County or Place where the Offender shall be or reside, either by the Confession of the Party or Parties offending, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward), be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices (which Warrant or Warrants such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant for those Purposes), and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are recovered and deducted, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, when paid or recovered, shall be (if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act) from Time to Time paid, Half to the Informer and the other Half to and for the said Trustees, to be applied by them to and for the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties, Forfeitures, or Fines shall not be forthwith paid upon Conviction, then it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to order the Offender or Offenders so convicted to be detained and kept in safe Custody until Return can conveniently be made to such Warrant of Distress, unless the Offender or Offenders shall give sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices for his, her, or their Appearance before such Justice or Justices on such Day or Days as shall be appointed for the Return of such Warrant of Distress, such Day or Days not being more than Ten Days from the Time of taking any such Security, and which Security the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to take by way of Recognizance, or otherwise} but if upon the Return of such Warrant it shall appear that no sufficient Distress can be had thereupon, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for any such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, or Fines, and all reasonable Costs and Charges attending the Prosecution of such Offender or Offenders, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LXXVIJL And

592

Form of Conviction.

Proceedings

vacated for Want of

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessions.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxv.

LXXVIII. And for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That all and every Justice and Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect; as the Case shall happen, (that is to say),

\ DE it remembered. That on [Time of Conviction] at [Place t to wit., j Qj Conviction] A.B. [Name of Offender] of [Addition of

* Offender] was duly convicted before me [or usj [Name and Style of

* convicting Justice or Justices] for that the said A.B. [Name of Offender] ‘ on [Time cfcommitting of Offence] at [Place of committing Offence] did [here

* state the Offence against this Act according to the Fad'] contrary to the Form f of the Statute made in the First Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act, idc. [here set forth the Title of this

* Ad] and I [or we] do therefore declare and adjudge, that the said A. B.

‘ [Name of Offender] hath forfeited for his said Offence, the Sum of [the c Fine] or shall be committed to [the Place of Imprisonment] for the Space f of [Time of Imprisonment]. Given under my Hand and Seal [or our

* Hands and Seals] the Day and Year first above written.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings of the said Trustees, or of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or of any of them respectively, touching or concerning, or in Execution of any Power or Authority vested in such Trustees, or Justice or Justices respectively by this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or Court of Great Session at Chester, or any other Court of Record in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been herein-before appointed, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the County or Place in which such Cause of Appeal shall arise; or in case the said Cause of Complaint shall have arisen within Twenty-one Days next before such General Quarter Sessions to be holden as aforesaid, then such Appeal may be made before such Justices at the Second General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden as aforesaid, which said Justices respectively may hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal, and give such Relief to the respective Parties thereto, and also such Costs as they shall think justj but the Person or Persons so appealing shall give Notice in Writing to the Clerk to the said Trustees of such his, her, or their Intention so to appeal, at least Fourteen Days before the Day in which such Quarter Sessions shall be held at which the said Appeal is to or shall be made, and shall also within Six Days after such Notice enter into a Recognizance before some one Justice of the Peace for the said County Palatine of Chester, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to prosecute such Appeal with Effect,

and

593

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxv.

and abide the Order of and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions; and the said Justices at such Session, upon due Proof of such Notice having been given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Cause and Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Quarter Sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes; and the said Justices at such Sessions may also by their Order or Warrant cause as well such Penalties and Forfeitures, as the other Matters and Things and Costs so awarded, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons who shall refuse to abide by and obey the Order of such Justices; and for want of sufficient Distress commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of or for the said County of Chester, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, or until Payment of such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Costs.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Action or Prose- Persons who cution shall be commenced or prosecuted in pursuance of this Act, under may be pro-the Authority or by the Direction of the said Trustees or any Five or JSnnified" more of them, in every such Case the said Trustees or any Five or more e of them shall, out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act, allow and pay to the Prosecutor, or such Person or Persons in whose Name or Names such Action or Prosecution shall be commenced and prosecuted, all such reasonable Costs and Charges as such Person or Persons shall really and bona fide have incurred for or by reason of such Action or Prosecution, or any Judgment or Determination therein, and likewise indemnifying all such Persons as shall be prosecuted, or have any Action or Actions brought against them, for or by reason of any thing done in pursuance of this Act, under the Authority and by the Direction of the said Trustees.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be Limitation commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursu- of Addons, ance of this Act, until Twenty-one Days Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to the Clerk or Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, or after a sufficient Satisfaction or a Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Three Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and every such Action shall be laid and tried in the County or Place where the Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere j and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead at his, her, or their Election specially, or the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at General any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance Issue, and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice thereof shall have been given as aforesaid, or after sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs

594

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxv.

shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then Treble Costs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law.

[Public Act.]

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

Commence-

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commencement and upon the said Twenty-eighth Day of September One thousand eight hundred

thfeAct!° anc* twenty> and front thence shall have Continuance, and be in full

Force and Effect, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1820.

ANNO PRIMO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. xxvi.

An Act for more effectually improving the Road from Greenhead through Haltwhistle, Hexham, and Corbridge, to the Military Road near Shildon Bar, and for making a Branch Road from Corbridge to Heddon-on-the-Wall, all in the County of Northumberland; and for altering the Line of a certain Part of the said first-mentioned Road.

[22d June 1820.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Glen- 40G. 3. C. 14. whelt, through Haltwhistle, Hexham and Corbridge, to the Military Road near Shildon Bar, and for making and repairing a Branch Road from Corbridge aforesaid, to Heddon-on-the-Wall, all in the County of Northumberland: And whereas considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Road, which still remain due, and the same cannot be paid off; and the said Road kept in repair, unless the Term granted by the said recited Act be further continued; and it would be more [Local'} 7 M convenient

598 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvi.

convenient for the Trustees, and the said Road would be more effectually repaired, if the Powers and Provisions of the said Act were repealed, and other and further Powers granted instead thereof: And whereas it would facilitate the Passage of Carts and heavy Carriages, and be of great public Utility, if Powers were given to alter and turn that Part of the said Road which lies between Hexham and Haydon Bridge, and to make a new Road beginning at the West End of the Town of Hexham, passing from the present Road through certain Fields called Cockshaw Fields, and from thence to the Highwood, passing the Villages or Places of Coastley, Whamley, and the Bush, to Wood Hall Mill, where it will again join the old Road: And whereas the present Road from Hexham to Wood Hall Mill aforesaid, is in most Parts thereof in a ruinous Condition, very narrow and incommodious to Passengers; and it is expedient that certain Parts of the said last-mentioned Road should be incorporated with the said Branch Road, and that other Parts thereof should be discontinued and disposed of under the Provisions of this Act; but the several Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Former Act the Authority of the same, That on the Seventh Day of August next repealed. after the passing of this Act, the said Act of the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and that instead thereof and on the same Day, this Act shall commence and take Effect, and shall be put in Execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for the Purpose of repairing, amending, and improving the said Road, Roads from the Military Road near Greenhead, through Haltxohistle, Haydon

described. Bridge, Hexham and Corbridge, to the Military Road aforesaid near

Shildon Bar, and the Branch Road from Corbridge aforesaid to Hed-don-on the Wall, all in the County of Northumberland, and for altering and diverting the Line of such Part of the said Road as lies between Hexham and Haydon Bridge, and for making and afterwards repairing and improving a new Road, beginning at the West End of the Town of Hexham, passing from the present Road through certain Fields called Cockshaw Fields, and from thence to the Highwood, passing the Villages or Places of Coastley, Whamley, and the Bush, to Wood Hall Mill, where it will again join the old Road, or within a short Distance thereof; which said new Branch of Road shall, when made, be and for ever afterwards continue a public Highway; and Debt# con- this Act and the Tolls hereby granted .shall be subject and liable to tracted under the Payment of all Sums of Money due and owing upon the Credit of Ac^fsecured sa*d former Acts, and also to the Payment of all Sums of Money c s secure . sjiap be raised, borrowed, and advanced for and towards

making the said new Branch Road, and defraying the Expences already or hereafter to be incurred in and about or in anywise concerning the same, and also to the Payment of all Sums of Money which shall or may hereafter be borrowed on the Credit of this Act, together with all Interest due, and which shall or may from Time to Time hereafter become due and payable, for the same respectively.

1* GEORGII IV. CV-xxvi. 599

II. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of Tnutees. the Peace acting for the said County of Northumberland, together with Robert Launcelot Allgood, James Allgood Clerk, Adam Askew,

George Adam Askew, Ralph Atkinson, Thomas Allason Clerk, Mat-then) Atkinson, John Armstrong, Richard Craster Askew Barrister,

Sir Edward Blackett Baronet, Sir Francis Blake Baronet, Thomat Richard Beaumont, Thomas Wentworth Beaumont, WiRiam Beaumont,

Charles John Brandling, George Baker, Matthew Bell, Charles William Bigge, Thomas Hanway Bigge, Christopher Blackett, Christopher Blackett the younger, John Moore Bates, Thomas Bates,

William Bates, William Bainbridge, George Bainbridge, Michael Bell, Charles Bacon, John Bacon, Joseph Bainbridge, Joseph Bain-bridge the younger, Thomas Bonner, Sir Thomas Burdon Knight,

Calverly B Bewick, Henry Bell, George Burdon, Robert

Bell, Dixon Brown, Ralph Bates of Milburn, Sir Thomas John Clavering Baronet, Charles John Clavering, Thomas Clennell, John Clavering, Edward Charlton of Reedsmouth, Nathaniel Clayton,

Nathaniel Clayton the younger, John Clayton, John Blenkinsopp Coulson, Edward Coulson, Robert Clarke Clerk, U'iUiam Cuthbert,

Edward Charlton of Lee Hail, John Collmson Clerk, William John Charlton, William Charlton, John Charlton, Mark William Carr,

William Carr, John Clutterbuck, Nicholas William Ridley Colbome,

Thomas Davidson, John Davidson, William Donkin, John Dobson, John Errington, William Errington, William Ellison, James Ellis, Cuthbert Ellison, Christopher Fenwick, Percival Fenwick, Nicholas Fenwick, Robert Forster, Jonathan Featherstone, Joseph Forster, Henry Forster, Joseph Francis Forster, Grey, Ralph William

Grey, Charles Grey, George Gibson, Jasper Gibson of Hexham,

John Gibson Clerk, Sir Carnaby Haggerstone, Thomas Haggerstone,

John Hunter, John Hodgson, Matthew Harrison Clerk, Oswald Head Clerk, Thomas Harvey, Nathaniel John Hollingsworth Clerk,

Anthony Hedley Clerk, Samuel Richard Hartley Clerk, Robert Job-ling, John Cresswell Jobling, Henry Johnson Clerk, Thomas Kerr,

James Kirsopp, John Kirsopp of Hencoats, Sir Thomas Henry Liddell Baronet, Henry George Liddell, Henry Thomas Liddell, Sir Charles Loraine Baronet, Loraine, John Lumbton

Loraine, Charles Lee Clerk, James Losh, John George Lambton,

Ralph John Lambton, Sir Henry Maire Lawson Baronet, Richard Lambert, William Laws, Nicholas Leadbitter, Nicholas Leadbitter the younger, Thomas Leadbitter, Sir Charles Miles Lambert M. Mooch Baronet, Charles Atticus Monck, Bertram Milford, Thomas Meggison,

Simon Mewbum, Simon Mew bum the younger, Nicholas Maughan,

Samuel Pears Maughan, Matthew Montague of Denton, Sir Ralph Noel Baronet, Lewis Nanney, William Ord, Ord, Charles

Ogle, William Ord Nunnykirk, Robert Pearson, Robert Pearson the younger, William Peareth, William Peters, John Plummer, Sir Matthew White Ridley Baronet, John Reed of Chipchase Castle, Christopher Reed, Henry Reed, Francis Reed Clerk, Archibald Reed, John Reed of Acklingtoa Park, Ralph Riddell of Felton, Ralph Riddell of Cheese-burn Grange, Henry Richmond, Henry Richmond the younger, Jonathan Raine, John Ridley of Park End, George Lowes Ridlei/, John Ruddock, Nicholas Ruddock, Nicholas Ridley Reed, Sir John Edward Swinburne Baronet, Edward Swinburne, George Sibertup, Henry

Collingwood

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvi.

Collingtvood Selby, Walter Selby, William Surtees, Anthony Surtees, Aubone Surtees, John Surtees, Ralph Spearman, William Smith of Houghton Castle, William Smith the younger, William Smith of the Leases, Ralph Smith, Joseph Storey, Thomas Smith of Thirston, George Dalston Shaj'to, David William Smith, Sir John Trevelyan Baronet, John Trevelyan, Raleigh Trevelyan, John Thompson Clerk, Francis Thompson Clerk, Francis Tweddell, Robert Tweddell Clerk, Henry Tulip, Robert Hopper Williamson, George Wilson Clerk, Jonathan Walton Clerk, Henry Walton, Henry Waslell Clerk, Robert Walters, Henry Winship, John Wailes, Thomas Walks, George Walks, John Walker, Henry Witham, Jonathan' Forster Wailes, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for carry, ing the Powers and Provisions of this Act into full and complete Execution and Effect.

rower to

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the appoint addi- sauq Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby rUs’ authorized and empowered, at any of their Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act, to elect and appoint any Number of Persons, not exceeding Ten in the whole, to be Trustees for executing this Act, in addition to the Trustees by this Act appointed j and such Trustees so elected and appointed shall be and they are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing this Act as if they had been herein named and appointed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any of the Trustees hereby appointed, or to be elected and appointed in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall become by Bankruptcy or Insolvency disqualified to act, or shall die or refuse to act in the Execution of this Act, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time to elect and appoint one other fit Person to be a Trustee, in the Room of every Trustee so disqualified to act, dying, or refusing to act as aforesaid; provided that Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting of the Trustees for every such Election, be given by any Two or more of the said Trustees, or by the Clerk to the said Trustees, by affixing the same in Writing upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpike* erected upon the said Roads, and by inserting such Notice in one or more of the Newspapers published at Newcastk upon Tyne, Fourteen Days at least before every such Meeting; and all Persons who shall be so elected, are hereby vested with the same Powers for putting this Act into Execution, as the Persons in whose Places they shall be respectively chosen were vested with.

live Trustees V. And be it further enacted, That all Acts, Proceedings, to be a Quo- Matters, and Things relative to the Execution of this Act, may be done and executed by any Five or more of the Trustees hereby nominated and appointed, or who shall hereafter be elected and appointed as aforesaid; except only in the Cases herein particularly directed to be done and executed by the greater Number of them.

In case of Death, &c. new Trustees to be appointed.

T GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvi. 6U1

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person Qualification shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act ° rus ees* (other than and except the several Persons above appointed to act

by virtue of their Offices respectively) unless he shall be in his own Right, or in Right of his Wife, seised or possessed of and in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Freehold or Copy-hold Lands and Tenements, Tythes or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be Heir Apparent of a Person so seised or possessed of Freehold or Copyhold Lands, Tenements, Tythes or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be possessed of a clear Personal Estate of the Amount or Value of Four thousand Pounds.

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That every Trustee Trustees to appointed or to be elected and appointed by virtue of this Act, take an Oath, before he shall act as such (except in administering the Oath or Affirmation next herein-after mentioned) shall take and subscribe an

Oath, or being one of the People called Quakers, shall make and subscribe an Affirmation, in the Presence of any Two or more of the said Trustees (who are hereby authorized and empowered to administer and receive the same) in the Form following; (that is to say),

* t A.B. do swear, [or, being one of the People called Quakers, do Oatl

* solemnly affirm,] That I am in my own Right [or, in Right of

* my Wife,] truly and bondfide seised or possessed of and in the actual

* Possession or Receipt of the Rents or Profits of Freehold or Copyhold Lands, Tenements, Tythes or Hereditaments, situate in

* the County of Northumberland, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, [or in Case of an Heir Apparent] that I am

* Heir Apparent of C.D. who to the best of my Knowledge and|

* Belief, is truly and bonafide seised or possessed of and in the actual

* Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Freehold or Copy-‘ hold Lands, Tenements, Tythes or Hereditaments, situate in the ‘ County of Northumbertandy of the clear yearly Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds above Reprizes; [or in the Case of Personal

* Estate,] that I am truly and bona fide possessed of a clear Personal ‘ Estate of the Amount or Value of Four thousand Pounds, [or in

* the Case of his being a Trustee in respect of his Office] that I am 4 [here name his Office] and that I will truly and faithfully act in

* the Execution of the Powers and Trusts reposed in me by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George

* the Fourth, intituled An Acts §c. [here set forth the Title of the

* Act.] So help me GOD.

And if any Person not being so qualified shall presume to act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, whereon no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and every Person so qualified shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid,

[Local] 7 N or

602

Trustees

holding

Trustees who are Justices may act in both Characters.

Meetings

appointed.

Clerk to call Meetings, if Trustees do not attend or the Trustees omit to ad-

If the Clerk neglect or omit to call such Meetings, Trustees may do

Hours of Meeting for Business.

The Trustees to defray their own Eipences.

1* GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvi.

or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, upon Proof given of his having acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that all Acts and Proceedings by any such Person as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, previous to his being convicted of the said Offence, shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act during the Time he or they shall hold any Place of Profit under this Act, or who shall be interested or concerned in any Contract or Contracts, or a Lessee, Farmer or Renter of the Tolls by this Act granted, or who shall keep any Victualling House, or other House of Public Entertainment, or who shall sell any Wine, Cider, Ale, Beer or Spirituous Liquors by Retail; and that all such Trustees as are Justices of the Peace may act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Trustees, except only in Cases where they shall be personally interested.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at some convenient House in the Town of Hexham aforesaid, on the said Seventh Day of August next after the passing of this Act, at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, and proceed to the Execution of this Act, and shall then adjourn themselves, and from Time to Time afterwards meet at and again adjourn themselves to such Place near to the said Roads as they shall think proper; and if at any Meeting to be held by virtue of this Act, there shall not appear a sufficient Number of Trustees, adjourn to another Day (Two Trustees being hereby declared to be sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment only); or in case the Trustees at any Time assembled shall omit or neglect to adjourn themselves, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees shall from Time to Time in either of such Cases, by Notice in Writing to be affixed and inserted in Manner aforesaid, at least Ten Days before the next Meeting, appoint the Trustees to meet at the Place where the last Meeting was held or was to have been held, on such a Day as shall be specified in such Notice, not exceeding Three Calendar Months, nor less than Three Weeks after the Day on which such last-mentioned Meeting was held, or was to have been held as aforesaid; and in case the Clerk to the said Trustees shall refuse or neglect to give Notice, or shall by any Means be prevented from giving Notice as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting, at any Time or Times after the Space of Ten Days after such Refusal, Neglect or Prevention of such Clerk, by Notice in Writing under their Hands, to be affixed and inserted in Manner aforesaid, to appoint the Trustees to meet at some House near the said Roads, upon the Day Fortnight after the Date of such last-mentioned Notice; but no Business shall be proceeded upon by the said Trustees at any Meeting to be held under this Act before the Hour of Ten in the Forenoon, and no Adjournment shall be made to or any Meeting appointed to be held at any Hour later than Four in the Afternoon of the Day on which such Meeting shall be appointed to be held; and the said Trustees at all their Meetings shall defray their own Expences; and all Orders and Determinations of the said

4- Trustees

603

l’ GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvi.

Trustees in the Execution of this Act, shall be made at Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, and not otherwise (except as herein particularly mentioned); and no Order or Determination shall be m^tt0 e made unless a Majority of the Trustees present at a Meeting shall Meetings concur therein; nor shall any such Order or Determination be revoked only, and a or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless Nine Trustees shall be Majority of present, and unless the Person or Persons applying to have any such J*, ftshere. Order or Determination revoked or altered, shall give Notice thereof -n in Writing to the Clerk to the said Trustees, and for want of such Clerk, to the Person or Persons acting as Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, to be by him or them affixed and inserted in Man* ner herein-before mentioned, at least Ten Days previous to the Meeting; and at every Meeting of the said Trustees a Chairman shall and may be appointed, and when and as often as it shall so happen that there shall be an Equality of Votes at any such Meeting, upon any Question (including the Vote of the Chairman) then and in every such case the Chairman shall have, and he is hereby empowered to give the decisive or casting Vote.

X. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of Meetings on the said Trustees, it shall at any Time be thought necessary that an Emergencies, earlier Day of Meeting should be appointed than the Day appointed

by such Adjournment, in that case it shall or may be lawful to and for any Two or more of the said Trustees, or to and for the Clerk to the said Trustees, upon an Order in Writing signed by Three or more of the acting Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting, to appoint the Time, Place and Purpose of such intended Meeting, and to give Notice thereof in Manner before directed,

(such Time not being less than Ten Days after such Notice) and such earlier Meeting shall and maybe held accordingly; and all the Proceedings of the Trustees at every such Meeting shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in case the same had been held in pursuance of Adjournment.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, at their Trustees to First or any subsequent Meeting, as Occasion shall require, shall and appoint may, by Writing under their Hands, elect and appoint a Treasurer or Officers* Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, of such Money as shall become due and payable by virtue of this Act, and shall take such Security from such Treasurer or Treasurers,

Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, for the due and faithful Execution of his or their Office or Offices, as the said Trustees shall think fit; and also a Clerk, Surveyor or Surveyors, and such other Officers as they the said Trustees shall think proper; and also may from Time to Time remove such Clerk, Treasurers,

Collectors, Receivers, Surveyors, and other Officers, or any of them, as they the said Trustees shall see Occasion; and the said Trustees shall and may, oat of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act, make such Allowance unto the Clerk, Treasurers, Receivers,

Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers so appointed, and for and in consideration of the Care and Pains respectively taken in the Execution of their respective Offices* and to such other Person as sludl be assisting in and about the Execution of this Act, as to them

the

604

Officers to account,

or to be punished.

P GEORGII IV. Cajo.xxvi.

the said Trustees shall seem proper; and all such Officers and Persons shall from Time to Time, when thereunto required by the said Trustees, deliver to such Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose appoint, a true and perfect Account, in Writing under their respective Hands, of all Monies which shall have been by them respectively had, collected, or received, and how, and to whom, and for what Purpose the same and every Part thereof hath been disposed of, together with the Vouchers and Receipts for such Payment; and all such Officers and Persons shall and are hereby respectively required to pay all such Monies, as upon the Balance of such Account or Accounts shall appear to be in their Hands, to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall appoint to receive the same; and if the said Officers or Persons, or any of them, shall refuse or neglect to render and give such Account as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers and Receipts relating to the same, or to pay the Balance remaining in their Hands when thereunto required in Manner aforesaid, or if any such Officers or Persons shall refuse or neglect to deliver up to the said Trustees, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Ten Days after being' thereunto required by the said Trustees, or by such other Person or Person's, all Books, Papers, and Writings in their Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act; then and in every such Case, Complaint being made by the said Trustees, or by any Person or Persons on their Behalf, of any such Neglect or Refusal, to any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so neglecting or refusing shall live or reside, such Justice may and is authorized and required by Warrant or Warrants, to cause such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, to be brought before him, and upon his or their appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way, and to settle the said Account or Accounts, if produced, in such Manner as the said Trustees might have done; and if upon the Confession of the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons-, against whom such Complaint shall be made, or by the Oath or Oaths of any Witness or Witnesses, it shall appear to such Justice that any Of the Monies which shall have been collected or received shall be iii the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justice may and is hereby authorized and empowered, upon Non-payment thereof, by a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; and if no Goods and Chattels can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of taking and making such Distress, and of selling the same, or if such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, shall not appear before the said Justice at the Time and Place appointed for that Purpose, unless prevented by some reasonable Cause or Excuse to be allowed as sufficient by such Justice, or, if appearing, shall refuse or neglect to give and deliver to the said Justice an Account or Accounts of Receipts and Payments as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up to the said Justice the several Vouchers and Receipts relating to such Accounts respectively, or to deliver up all such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid; then and in any of the Cases aforesaid, the said Justice may and is hereby

authorized

605

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvi.

authorized and required, by a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County or Place where he or they shall live or reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he or they shall have delivered in and settled his or their Accounts, and shall have delivered up the Vouchers and Receipts relating thereto, and shall have paid all the Money which shall appear to be in his and their respective Hands, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale as shall in that respect have been made, or until he or they shall have compounded with the said Trustees for the same, and paid the Composition Money to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same; and which Composition the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make, or until he or they shall have delivered up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees: Provided always, that no Person who shall be committed for Want of sufficient Distress only, shall be detained in Prison for any longer Time than Six Calendar Months.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons Persons who who shall have been employed, or who shall have received any Tolls or received other Money, by virtue or on account of the said Act, or shall have Ti° *’e

in their Custody or Possession any Books, Accounts, Papers, Writings, mer Acts, to or other Things relating to the said Roads, shall account for the same, account with and every Part thereof, to the said Trustees, in like Manner and under Sus^es in the like Penalties as the several other Officers and Persons are herein- 1 e Manner* before directed to account.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Trustees may Collector or Receiver of the Tolls shall grossly neglect or be incapable discharge of performing his Duty, or shall abscond or absent himself, any Collectors Three or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting of the said Trustees appointed by virtue of this Act, shall others till and may lawfully discharge such Collector or Receiver so neglecting nextMeeting. or being incapable of performing his Duty, or absconding or absenting himself; and in such Case, and also in case any such Collector Trustees

or Receiver shall die, such Trustees shall and may nominate and may appoint appoint a proper Person to be a Collector or Receiver of the said trei?, porary Tolls, to continue until the then next Meeting of the said Trustees, G°l ectors‘ in the Stead of such Collector or Receiver as shall die or be discharged; and such Person so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner, in all respects, as the Person who shall so die or be discharged would have had or would have been subject to; and that if any Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls, who shall be discharged from his Office by virtue of this Act, or the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or other Representative or Representatives of any Collector or Receiver who shall die or be discharged, or any other Person, shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of any Toll House or Building erected on the said Roads, for the Space of Two Days after Demand thereof made, and Notice in Writing given for that Purpose by any Two or more of the said Trustees, although ‘ [Local.] 7 0 not

606 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvi.

not assembled at a Meeting, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being; then and in any of the said Cases, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such House or Building in the Day-time, and to remove the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods, out of the same, and to put the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, or such new appointed Collector or Receiver, into the Possession thereof.

Clerk re-

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not strained from be lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person who (ict'ng as jjas been or may be appointed to act as their Clerk in the Execution amTvicer* this or the said recited Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk, versa. the Treasurer for the Purposes of this or the said Act, or to continue or appoint the Person who has been or may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, the Clerk to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall act in both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this or the said recited Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer shall act as Clerk in the Execution of this or the said recited Act; every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

Accounts to

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five be kept of or more of them, shall and they are hereby required from Time to Receipts and Time, and at all Times during the Continuance of this Act, to order Disburse- and jirect a Book or Books to be provided and kept by the Clerk fihadlbeopea for ^ie Time being; in which Book or Books such Clerks shall to thelnspec- enter or cause to be entered true and regular Accounts of all Sums tion of the of Money received, paid, laid out, and expended, for or on account editorsand sa^ ^oa^’ and of the several Articles, Mattel's, and Things

re i ors. por which such Sums of Money shall have been disbursed, laid out, and paid; which Book or Books shall at all the Meetings of the said Trustees, be open to the Inspection of the said Trustees, and any Creditor or Creditors on the Tolls hereby granted, without Fee or Reward; and the said Trustees and Creditors, or any of them, shall and may take Copies of or Extracts from the said Book or Books, or any Part or Parts thereof, without paying any thing for the same; and in case the said Clerk shall refuse to permit, or shall not permit the said Trustees or such Creditors, or any of them, to inspect the same, or take such Copies or Extracts as aforesaid, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied and recovered in Manner herein-after mentioned.

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. xxii. 607

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings Proceedings of the said Trustees, in Execution of the Powers hereby to them aB^for

f iven, shall from Time to Time be entered in a Book or Books to be that Purpose.

ept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Trustees, and such Orders and Proceedings so entered, shall be signed by the same Number of the said Trustees as are in and by this Act empowered to make or direct such Orders and Proceedings respectively, and shall be deemed and taken to be original Orders; which said Book or Books, and also the Book directed to be kept for registering the Mortgages and Assignments or Transfers herein-after mentioned, shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue Trustees may and be sued for or concerning any thing to be done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, in the Name or Names of any Two or more Name of their of the said Trustees, or in the Name of their Clerk for the Time being; Clerk, and that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by the Direction of or against the said Trustees, by virtue of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk, or by the Act of any such Clerk, without the Consent of the said Trustees, but that the Clerk for the Time being to the said Trustees shall be deemed to be Plaintiff’or Defendant, as the Case may be, in every such Action:Provided always, clerk to be That such Trustees, and every such Clerk, in whose Names or Name reimbursed any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended in his Expences. pursuance of this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid, out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, all such Costs, Charges,

Damages, and Expences, as by the Event or in consequence of any such Action or Proceeding, they or he shall pay, bear, expend, or be put unto or become chargeable with, by reason of their or his being made Plaintiffs or Plaintiff, or Defendants or Defendant as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or such Power tocon-other Person or Persons as they shall direct or appoint, shall and tinue and may continue or build and erect, or cause to be continued, built, and erect To11 erected, such and so many Toll Gates or Turnpikes in, upon, or Gates‘ across, or on the Side of any Part or Parts of the said Roads, and across any Lane, Road, or Way leading into or out of the same, and also a Toll House to each Gate or Turnpike, with Out Buildings suitable thereto, and also shall and may enclose such convenient Gardens to the said Toll Houses as the said Trustees shall think fit, not exceeding One-eighth of an Acre, and may cause any of such Toll Gates or Turnpikes, Toll Houses and Out Buildings from Time to Time to be taken down, altered, or removed, as they shall judge proper.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing No Toll Gate herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorize to be erected or empower the said Trustees to erect or set up any Side Bar or Side wi.thin °ne Bars, Toll Bar, or Toll Gate within the Town of Hexham, or at any Mde of Hex-Place within the Distance of One Mile from the same Town.

608 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvi.

Turnpike,

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Right, Interest, an d

Trustees6 Pr0Perty of all the said Toll Houses, Turnpikes, and Gates, and of

all Posts and Rails, and all other Things whatsoever, erected or provided by the said former Act, or which shall be erected or provided by virtue of this Act, and of the Materials for building and making the same respectively, and also all the Materials which shall be got or collected for repairing the said Roads, shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and they shall and may use and sell, or otherwise dispose thereof, in such Manner for the Purposes of this Act, as they shall think fit; and the said Trustees shall and may in their own Names, or in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, bring Actions and prefer Bills of Indictment against, or otherwise prosecute any other Person or Persons who shall steal, take away, break down, or damage any of the Toll Houses, Turnpikes, Gates, Mile Stones, Posts, or Rails which have been or shall be built, erected, or provided by virtue of the said former Act or this present Act, or any of the Materials herein-before mentioned, in which Bills of Indictment it shall be sufficient to state generally such Toll Houses, Articles, Matters, and Things to be the Property of the Clerk for the Time being to the said Trustees.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the following Tolls shall be demanded and taken at each and every of the Toll Gates, Turnpikes, and Side Gates, to be continued or erected by virtue of this Act (except as herein-after is excepted) by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, before any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage whatsoever, shall be permitted to pass through the same; that is to say,

For every Horse drawing any Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Curricle, Phaeton, Calash, Chair, Hearse, or other such Carriage, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mule, Ass, or Beast of Burden, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Sixpence per Score; and so in Proportion for a greater or less Number: For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Goats, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Three-pence per Score; and so in Proportion for a greater or less Number:

For every Horse, Ox, or other Beast drawing any Four-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Nine Inches, and rolling a Surface of that Breadth, so flat or level as not to deviate more than Half an Inch from a flat or level Surface, the Sum of Five-pence:

For every Horse, Ox, or other Beast drawing any Two-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Nine Inches, and rolling such flat or level Surface as aforesaid, the Sum of Five-pence:

For every Horse, Ox, or other Beast drawing any Four-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge

of

take Tolls.

609

l' GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvi.

of Six. Inches, and rolling a Surface of that Breadth, so flat or level as nof io deviate more than Half an Inch from a flat or level Surface, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Ox, or other Beast drawing any Two-wheeled Waggon, Wain, or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches, and rolling such flat or level Surface as last aforesaid, the Sum of Five-pence:

For every Horse, Ox, or other Beast drawing any Four-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof rolling a flat or level Surface of less Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches, the Sum of Eight-pence:

For every Horse, Ox, or other Beast drawing any Two-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof rolling a flat or level Surface of a less Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Two-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, the Soles or Bottoms of the Fellies of the Wheels whereof are of a greater Breadth or Gauge than Three Inches, and of less Breadth or Gauge than Five Inches, and the Lading whereof shall exceed the Weight of One hundred and eighty Stones, of Fourteen Pounds Weight to the Stone; and for every the like Carriage, the Soles or Bottoms of the Fellies of the Wheels whereof do not exceed the Breadth or Gauge of Three Inches, and the Lading whereof shall exceed the Weight of One hundred and twenty Stones, of Fourteen Pounds Weight to the Stone, Double the Tolls or Sums of Money herein-before respectively mentioned and made payable, for every such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, not being so laden as aforesaid:

And for every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of a less Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches, passing through any Toll Gate or Toll Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, erected or to be erected upon the said Roads, or on the Sides thereof, at any Time between the First Day of November and the First Day of May in every Year,

Double the Tolls or Sums of Money herein-before respectively made payable, for every such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, at any other Time of the Year:

Which said respective Tolls, and all other Tolls by this Act imposed, Tolls vested and all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall arise and be in Trustees, produced therefrom, shall be vested in the said Trustees for the Time being; and the same and every Part thereof shall be paid, applied, disposed of, and assigned in such Manner as herein-after is mentioned; and if any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of any of the said j?or compel-Tolls shall, after Demand thereof made by any Collector or Collectors ling Payment appointed to receive the same, neglect or refuse to pay the said Tolls, of To, Is-or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the said Collectors, or any of them respectively, or any other Person or Persons whom they respectively shall take to their Assistance therein, to distrain any Horse or Cattle, Beast or Carriage, upon which any of \_Local.~] 7 p the

610

1* GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvi.

the said Tolls are by this Act imposed, or any of the Lading, Harness, or Accoutrements thereof respectively, except the Bridles or Reins of any such Horse or other Beast separate from such Horse or other Beast; and the Collector or Collectors so distraining, shall and may, at his or their Election, either detain and keep the Horse, Cattle, Beast, Carriage, or other Articles so distrained, until such Tolls, with the reasonable Charges of such Distress, Detention, and Keeping shall be paid; or if such Tolls and Charges shall not be paid within the Space of Five Days after the Day of making such Distress, the Person or Persons so distraining shall and may at any Time or Times thereafter, sell the Horse, Cattle, Beast, Carriage, Goods, or other Articles so distrained, and out of the Money which shall arise by such Sale, pay such Tolls and all reasonable Charges incurred by such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus of the Money which shall arise by such Sale, and what shall remain unsold (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners thereof.

Abatement

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all Waggons, Carts, and of Tolls in other Carriages, having the Wheels of the Widths and Descriptions cert am Case, an(jAxletrees fixed as mentioned in an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to enable die Trustees of Turnpike Roads to abate the Tolls on Carriages, and to allow of their carrying extra Weights in certain Cases, and the several Horses and other Beasts drawing such Carriages shall have and be entitled to the Privileges and Exemptions granted by the said Act.

Por settling

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall hap-Disputes pen about any Tolls due, or the Charges occasioned by any Distress, og it shall be lawful for the Collector or Person distraining, to retain 0 such Distress, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof, as the

Case shall happen, until the Amount of the Tolls, and the Charges of the Distress and Sale, and of keeping the Distress, as the Case may happen, be ascertained by some One Justice of the Peace for the County of Northumberland, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the Matter by Oath or Affirmation of the Parties, or of a Witness or Witnesses, which Oath or Affirmation the said Justice is hereby authorized to administer, and shall determine the Amount of the Toll due, and also assess and award such Costs and Charges to either Party, as to the said Justice shall seem right and proper; all which Costs and Charges shall and may be levied and recovered, in case of Nonpayment thereof forthwith, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons directed to pay the same, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, after deducting the Costs and Charges of making such Distress and Sale, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and sold.

Collectors

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, declared Action, Prosecution, or Litigation shall arise, touching or m anywise competent relating to the said Tolls, the Person or Persons appointed to collect Witnesses, same, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall not be incompetent to give Evi-

7 dence

611

P GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvi.

deuce in any such Dispute, Suit, Action, Prosecution, or Litigation, by Reason of his, her, or their being the Collector or Collectors,

Receiver or Receivers of the said Tolls, or by Reason of his, her, or their acting under the Authority of the said Trustees, or under this Act.

XXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That for the Half Toll to Passage through any of the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates, of any Car- be paid for riage whatsoever, or of any Horse, Mule, or Ass not drawing, em-

ployed in carrying Hay of Corn in the Straw, Limestones or Lime to be used for the manuring of Land only, Coal to be used in the burning of Lime only, no more than One Half of the Tolls imposed by this Act upon any such Carriage, Horse, Mule, or Ass when otherwise employed, shall be demanded and taken; and that if any Person or Persons shall take the Benefit of this Exception, not being entitled thereto, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds,

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Trustees said Toils, the Collector or Receiver thereof shall, and he is hereby Provlde required to deliver gratis, to the Person paying such Toll, a Note or Ticket denoting such Payment, and which Note or Ticket shall be Payment provided by the said Trustees, and there shall be printed andspe- of Toll, cified thereon, the Names of the several and respective Gates freed

by such Payment.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons Tolls to be having paid the Tolls authorized to be taken by virtue of this Act, Pa^ut0oce for passing with any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage whatsoever, d ay‘ through any Toll Gate or Turnpike continued or erected by virtue of

this Act, shall be subject to pay any further or other Toll, for returning or repassing with the same Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage, as often as he, she, or they shall have Occasion on the same Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night, to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night, through the same Gate where such Toll shall have been so paid, such Person or Persons producing a Ticket of the Day denoting such Payment: Provided always, that Number of no more than Three Tolls shall be demanded or taken from any Per- Toll* limited, son or Persons, for passing and repassing the same Day, with the same Horses, Cattle, Beasts, and Carriages, through all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes to be continued or erected by virtue of this Act, in the whole Length of the said Road, from the Termination thereof at or near Gre.enhead aforesaid to the Termination thereof upon Shilden Common aforesaid; and that no more than One Toll shall be demanded or taken from any Person or Persons for passing and repassing the same Day (to be computed as aforesaid) with the same Horses, Cattle,

Beasts, and Carriages through all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes to be erected by virtue of this Act, in the whole Length of the said Branch Road, from Corbridge to Heddon-on-the- Wall; but that all and evecy Person and Persons having paid the said Tolls or Toll according to the Circumstances, and producing a Ticket or Tickets denoting the Payment thereof, (which Tickets the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to deliver gratis, on the Receipt of such Tolls) shall

pass

612 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvi.

pass and repass, with the same Horses, Cattle, Beasts, and Carriages Toll-free during such Day (to be computed as aforesaid), through all other the Toll Gates or Turnpikes to be continued or erected in such several Parts or Divisions of the said Roads as last aforesaid.

Exemptions

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons rom o s. shall be chargeable with or liable to pay any of the Tolls aforesaid, for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage which shall be laden with, or going empty for, or returning empty after having been laden with Stones, Bricks, Lime, Timber or Wood, or with Gravel or other Materials for repairing the said Roads, or any of the Highways or public Bridges in the Parishes, Townships, or Places in which the same Roads lie; or with Hay, Corn in the Straw, or Fodder, to be laid up in the Houses, Out-houses, Barns, or Yards of or belonging to the respective Inhabitants of the several Parishes, Townships, or Places through which the said Roads lead, such Hay, Corn in the Straw, or Fodder being the Produce of Lands and Grounds lying within such Parishes, Townships, or Places, or some of them; nor shall any Person or Persons be chargeable with or liable to pay any of the Tolls aforesaid, for any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Compost or Manure, (Lime excepted,) or for any other Things whatsoever, belonging to or employed by such Inhabitants respectively only in Husbandry, or stocking of Lands lying within the several Parishes, Townships, or Places adjoining to the said Roads; nor for any Horses employed upon any Railway that does or shall cross the said Roads, or lie on the Sides thereof, when going to or returning from their Work on such Railways; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken from any Person or Persons residing in any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places in which the said Roads hereby directed to be repaired lie, who shall pass through any of the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes to or from his, her, or their proper parochial Church or Chapel; or from any Person going to or returning from his, her, or their usual Place of religious Worship, tolerated by Law, on Sundays, or on any other Day on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or who shall attend the Funeral of any Person or Persons who shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places; nor shall any Toll be demauded or taken of or from any Rector, Vicar, or Curate going to or returning from his own Parish Church or public Place of Divine Worship, or visiting his sick Parishioners; nor for the Horses or other Cattle belonging to any of the Inhabitants of any of the Parishes, Townships, or Places through which the said Roads lead, going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being shoed or farried; or for any Horses or Carriages of whatsoever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Post Masters General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or returning back therefrom; or for any Horse or Carriage attending His Majesty or any of the Royal Family j or for the Horses attending any Officers or Soldiers upon the March or on Duty j or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying the Anns or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers; or which shall be employed

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvi. 613

employed in conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat or other Public Stores, of or belonging to His Majesty or His Majesty's Forces, or returning from attending them on such Occasions; or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning from the Place of Exercise or Review, provided such Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemptions as aforesaid; or for Horses, Carts, or Carriages travelling with Vagrants sent by legal Passes, or returning from carrying such Vagrants; or for any Horses or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying any Elector or Electors to or from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire for the said County of Northumberland, during the Time of such Election, or on the Day before or on the Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the same, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no more Exempting than One Half of the several and respective Tolls from Time to Time the payable by virtue of this Act, shall be demanded from any of the Jfr", jte0 from" Inhabitants of the Township of Corbridge, for passing with any Payment of Horses, Cattle, or Carriages whatsoever through the Turnpikes or full Toll in Toll Gates erected on the said Road at Corbridge and Saint Helens, certain Cases, and commonly called the Corbridge and Saint Helen Bars, except when such Inhabitants shall in travelling to Newcastle go by way of Shildon, so as to avoid Payment of Toll at the Gate called Styjbrd Bar, in which case they shall pay the full Toll at the said Toll Gate at Saint Helens; and no Person who shall take the Benefit of the said Exemption from Payment of full Toll at the said Bar called Corbridge Bar, shall be entitled to pass free through the Toll Gate erected on the said Road called Dilston Bar; and if any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of the said Exemption from the Payment of the full Toll, not being entitled to the same, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons Carriages owning or driving, or causing to be driven, any Waggon, Wain, Cart conveying or other Carriage, provided for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, Military or conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat or other Public bSwtto Stores, of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Ma- Penalties for jesty, s Forces, shall be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture for Overweight, Overweight, nor shall any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Car- &c> riage be stopped or detained by reason of any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, or being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen \ but it shall be lawful for the Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, to put any Number of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cart or tLocal] 7 Q other

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvi.

other Carriage; any thing in any Acts or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Rqads, or in this Act contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

evading the

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Tolls. shall with any Horse, Cattle, Beast or Carriage whatsoever, pass through any Land or Ground adjoining to or lying near any Toll Gate or Turnpike continued or erected by virtue of this Act, the same not being a common Road, (save and except the Owner or Owners or Occupier or Occupiers thereof, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, or Person or Persons in his, her, or their Employ, or any of his, her, or their Family), or if any Owner or Occupier of any such Land or Ground shall knowingly permit or suffer any Person or Persons (save and except as last aforesaid), with any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, to pass through the same, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be evaded j or if any Person or Persons shall give to, or receive from any Person other than the Collectors of the said Tolls, or forge or counterfeit any Ticket by this Act directed to be given by the Collectors of the said Tolls; or shall forcibly pass through any Toll Gate or Turnpike, with any Horse, Cattle, Beast or Carriage, without Payment of Toll; or shall take off or cause to be taken off any Horse or other Cattle or Beast, from any Waggon, Wain, Cart or Carriage $ or shall leave or cause to be left upon or near to any Part of the said Roads, or at or in ajiy House situate near the same, any Wag-

son, Wain, Cart or Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or Beast, whereby the ayment of any of the said Tolls, or of any Part thereof, shall be evaded j or if any Person or Persons shall unload or cause to be unloaden any Goods, Wares or Merchandizes from any Waggon Wain, Cart, or Carriage, whereby larger Quantities of such Goods Wares or Merchandizes shall be carried through any of the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes in one and the same Day, than would have been done if such Goods, Wares or Merchandizes had not been so unloaden; or if any Person or Persons, after travelling along any Part of the said Roads, with any Waggon, Wain, Cart or Carriage, Horse, Cattle or Beast, shall turn out of the same into any other Road, and afterwards proceed with such Waggon, Wain, Cart or Carriage, Horse, Cattle or Beast, into and upon the said Roads, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls qr of any Part thereof shall be evaded, every Person offending in all or any of the Cases aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Penalty on

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Lead, Goods or unloading other Thing, shall be unloaded from any Cart or Carriage, and laid Ssen or*l° down near to any Toll Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected on avoid the the said Roads, or upon or near to the Sides thereof, and afterwards Payment of be re-loaded and led along the said Roads, or any Part thereof, with Tolls. Intent to lessen the Tolls by this Act imposed, or to qvoid the Payment thereof, the Owner or Owners of such Carriages, or the Driver or Drivers thereof, shall forfeit and pay for the first Offence, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, and for every subsequent Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvi.

615

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Trustees may the said Trustees, from Time to Time as they shall see convenient, "{JjJ

to compound and agree, for any Term not exceeding Ope Year at any One Time, with all or any of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, Townships or Places to or through which the said Roads lead, for the Passage of their Horses, Cattle or Carriages, through all or any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes which shall be continued or erected upon the said Roads; which Composition Money shall be paid in advance, and in Default thereof, the Composition or Agreement with the Person or Persons making such Default, shall from thenceforth be void, and such Composition Money shall be paid and applied in such Manner as the Tolls are hereby directed to be paid and applied.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Power to the said Trustees, after giving Twenty-one Days Notice in Writing, lease the to be affixed to all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes then erected upon Tolls* the said Roads, and advertising the same in any One or more of the Newspapers published at Newcastle-upon-Tyne, from Time to Time

to lease and demise the Tolls granted by this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, for any Term of Years not exceeding Three Years at a Time, for the best Price that can be gotten for the same, payable at such Times and under such Covenants as the said Trustees shall think fit, they the said Trustees having a Counterpart of such Lease or Leases, and taking such sufficient Security from the Person or Persons to whom any such Tolls shall be leased or demised, for Payments of the Rents and Performance of the Covenants to be reserved and comprised in such Lease or Leases, as the said Trustees shall think fit.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That when the Tolls pay- Trustees to

able at any Turnpike or Toll Gate or Gates on the said Road shall J?veaJ"l' be put to let to farm, the said Trustees may, if they think fit, TouJare put appoint some Person to bid for the same, to the Intent that such Tolls up to Auc-may not be let for less than an adequate Value. tion.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may Tolls may and are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time, when be varied, and as often as they shall think proper, to lessen the Tolls hereby granted, and to raise the same again, so as they do not exceed any

Tolls by this Act granted, and so as every Reduction thereof be made with the Consent of the several Persons who shall then be entitled to Five-sixth Parts of the Money then due on the Security of the said Tolls; but no such Reduction shall be made, unless Twenty-one Days Notice in Writing be given for that Purpose, by affixing the same upon all the Turnpikes then erected upon the said Roads, and by inserting such Notice in One or more of the Newspapers published at Newcastle-upon-Tyne.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Toll Forprevent-Collector, being Lessee of the said Tolls, or appointed either by the in& T°U Col-said Trustees, or by any such Lessee or Lessees, to collect the Tolls tSioeundue by this Act granted, shall and he is hereby required to place his Tolls. UC

Christian

616 1" GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvi.

Christian and Surname painted on a Board in legible Characters, in the Front or some other conspicuous 'Part of the Toll House or Toll Gate, immediately on his coming on Duty, each of the Letters of such Name or Names to be at least One Inch in Length and of a Breadth in proportion, and painted either in White Letters on a Black Ground, or Black Letters on a White Ground, and shall continue the same so placed during the whole Time he shall be upon such Duty; and if any Collector of the said Tolls shall not place such Board as aforesaid, and keep the same there during the Time aforesaid, or shall demand or take a greater or less Toll from any Person than he shall be authorized to do by virtue of this Act, or of the Orders and Resolutions of the Trustees made in pursuance thereof, or shall demand and take a Toll from any Person or Persons who shall be exempt from the Payment thereof and claim such Exemption, or shall refuse to permit or suffer, or shall in any wise hinder any Person or Persons from reading such Christian or Surname, or shall refuse to tell his Christian or Surname to any Person or Persons who shall demand the same, on having paid the said Tolls, or any of them, or shall in answer to such Demand, give a false Name or Names, or shall refuse or neglect to give a Ticket denoting the Payment of the said Toll, and naming and specifying the several Gates freed by such Payment, or upon the legal Toll being paid or tendered, shall unnecessarily detain, or wilfully obstruct, hinder or prevent any Passenger or Passengers from passing through any Turnpike or Toll Gate, or shall make use of any scurrilous or abusive Language to any Trustee, or Treasurer, Clerk, Surveyor, or other Officer, or any Passenger or Passengers, then and in every such Case, every such Toll Collector shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence, as the Justice or Justices before whom the Information shall be laid, shall adjudge; and such Penalty shall be recovered and applied as other Penalties are by this Act directed to be recovered and applied.

l' — r

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for

Money. the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time to borrow and take up at Interest, upon the Credit of the Tolls to arise by virtue of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money they shall think necessary for the Purposes of this Act, and by any Writing or Writings under their Hands and Seals, to assign over the Tolls arising by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, to the Person or Persons who shall lend and advance the same, his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees (the Costs and Charges of assigning the same to be borne and paid out of the said Tolls), during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security for the Sum or Sums of Money which shall be so lent and advanced, with such legal Interest as shall be agreed upon for the same; which Assignment and Security may be made in the Form following, or in any other WTords to the like Effect; (that is to say),

Form of an t yjy virtue of an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of His

onuToUt ‘ 13 Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act, $c. [here

by way of ‘ set, forth the Title q) this Act], we

Mortgage. of

1* GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvi.

617

4 of the Trustees for putting the said Act into Execution, in consi-

* deration of the Sum of in Hand advanced and paid by A.B. of to the Treasurer of the said Roads,

* do hereby grant, bargain, sell, and assign, unto the said A.B. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the Tolls to arise upon the said Roads, and of the Turnpikes and Toll Houses already or hereafter to be erected for collecting the same, as the said Sum of doth or shall bear to the whole Sum now or hereafter to become due and owing on the Credit

* thereof, to be had and holden from the Day of the Date hereof, for

* and during the Continuance of the said Act, unless the said Sum of

c with Interest after the Rate of

« per Centum per Annum, shall be sooner repaid and satisfied. Given ‘ under our respective Hands and Seals, this Day of

* in the Year of our Lord.

But no Money shall be borrowed by the said Trustees on the Credit No Money to of the Tolls hereby granted, after their First Meeting, unless Notice be borrowed be for that Purpose fixed in Writing, under the Hand of the Clerk to after the Firit the said Trustees, upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes which shall un1es*Notice then be erected upon the said Road; and also advertised in One or be given for. more of the Newcastle Newspapers, at least Fourteen Days before the that Purpose, borrowing such Money.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Assign- Assignments ment and Assignments to be made by the said Trustees as aforesaid, oS Mortgages shall be entered at length in a Book or Books to be kept for that Pur- tobeentered-pose by the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees; which said Book or Books shall and may be seen and perused at all seasonable Times, without Fee or Reward.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Mortgages Persons to whom any Assignment or Assignments shall have been n, aybe made, by virtue of the said former Acts of the Twenty-fifth Year of the transferred-Reign of King George the Second, the Act of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, and the Act of the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, or to whom any Assignment shall be made by virtue of this Act, or who shall be entitled to the Money secured by the said Acts, or any of them, shall and may from Time to Time by any Writing or Writings under his, her, or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to be duly executed in the Presence of Two or more credible Witnesses, assign or transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, Interest, or Benefit to the Principal and Interest Money thereby secured, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever; which Assignment or Transfer may be made in the Form following, or in any other Words to the like Effect; (that is to say),

I A.B. of [or, I, C.D. of ] Form of

4 x Executor or Administrator of A.B. late of Transfer.

4 [or, otherwise, as the Case may happen to be] in consideration of the ‘ Sum of to me paid by E. F. of

4 do hereby assign and transfer unto the said E. F. his Executors,

4 Administrators, and Assigns, a certain Mortgage or Security bearing

7 R

4 Date

618 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxi.

‘ Date the Day of in the Year of our Lord

‘ under the Hands and Seals of of

‘ the Trustees for putting into Execution an Act of Parliament passed ‘ in the First Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the ‘ Fourth, intituled An Act [here set forth the Title of the ActJ with all ‘ my Right and Title to the Principal Sum of ‘ thereby secured, and all Interest now due and hereafter to grow due ‘ thereon. Dated this Day of in the Year of

* our Lord

Which Transfer shall be produced and notified to the said Clerk within Three Calendar Months next after the Day of the Date thereof, who shall enter the same into the said Book or Books to be kept for entering the original Mortgages, for which Entry the said Clerk or Treasurer shall be paid the Sum of Five Shillings and no more; and such Transfer shall then entitle such Assignee, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the full Benefit of such Mortgage Security, and every such Assignee may in like Manner assign and transfer the same, and so toties quoties; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons (except the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be last transferred, his, her, or their respective Executors or Administrators), to release, discharge, or make void the original Mortgage Security, or the Monies due thereon, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom any Mortgage or Transfer has been or shall be made as aforesaid, shall, in Proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money thereby secured, be Creditors on the Tolls by this Act granted, and on the said Turnpikes and Toll Houses, in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing their Monies, or of the Dates of their respective Securities, except as herein-after is otherwise provided; and that whenever the said Trustees shall be enabled to pay off any of the Money which has been or shall hereafter be borrowed as aforesaid, they shall ascertain the Securities to be first paid off by Ballot, in such Manner as they shall think proper.

Application

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies which shall

ofthc Money. arise and be produced by and from the Tolls by this Act granted and made payable, together with the Monies which shall be borrowed upon the Credit thereof; and all other Monies which shall arise and be produced by virtue of this Act (the Application whereof is not hereby otherwise directed), shall be vested in the said Trustees for the Time being, and be applied to and for the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes, and in the Order and Manner following, (that is to say) in the First Place, in Payment of all the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to or attending the preparing, obtaining, and passing this Act; in the Second Place, in defraying the Expences of erecting and providing Turnpikes, Toll Houses, and other Buildings, and repairing the same, and of altering, raising, widening, repairing, and preserving the said Roads, and of erecting and making necessary and convenient Bridges and Arches upon the same, and of executing the other Purposes of this Act; in the Third Place, in paying the Interest accruing upon the several 3 Principal

619

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvi.

Principal Sums of Money which now remain clue and secured by virtue of and under the said former Acts or any of them, or which shall hereafter from Time to Time be secured in pursuance of this Act; and lastly, in reducing, paying oft’ and discharging the several Principal Sums of Money which have been secured by the said former Acts or any of them; and also such Principal Sums of Money as shall be secured in pursuance of the present Act: Provided always, that the several Principal Sums of Money secured by and due and owing upon the Credit of the said former Acts or any of them, and the Interest thereof, shall always be paid in preference to the several Principal Sums of Money borrowed and secured under this Act, and the Interest of such last mentioned Principal Sums respectively.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Mortgagee or An Action or Mortgagees of the said Tolls, Toll Gates, Bars, Chains, Toll Houses, Ejectment and Buildings, shall seek to obtain the Possession of the said Toll Gates, Bars, Chains, Toll Houses, and Buildings, in order to pay Mortgagee."6 himself, herself, or themselves the Principal Money and Interest or any Part thereof, due to him, her, or them, it shall be competent for him, her, or them, as Lessor or Lessees of the Plaintiff, and upon his, her, or their Demise only, and without uniting in such Demise the other Mortgagees of the said Tolls and Premises, to obtain such Possession; but such Person or Persons who shall obtain the Possession thereof, shall not apply the Tolls which may consequently be received by him, her, or them, to his, her, or their own exclusive Use and Benefit, but to and for the Use and Benefit of all the Mortgagees of the said Tolls, Toll Gates, Buildings, and Premises, pari passu, and in Proportion to the several Sums which may be due to them as such Mortgagees.

XLIII. And whereas a Map or Plan describing the Lines of the For restrain-said Alterations in the Road, and the Lands through which the same ing the Trus-are intended to be carried, together with a Book of Reference, tees from containing Lists of the Names of the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, have been deposited at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace tain Dis- for the said County of Northumberland, be it therefore enacted, tances of the That the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference shall remain in Li"e Pre' the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, to the p/an^lc"lhe End that all Persons may at all seasonable Times have Liberty to an’ C inspect and peruse the same, and to take Copies or Extracts thereof at their Will and Pleasure, paying the Clerk of the Peace for the Time being of the said County, the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection, and at the Rate of Sixpence for every Seventy-two Words of such Copies or Extracts of the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference; and that the said Trustees, in making the said Alterations in the said Road, shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards from the Line described in the said Map or Plan, without the Consent and Approbation in Writing of the Person or Persons, Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, through whose Lands or Grounds such Deviation shall be made.

1* GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvi.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to make the said Alterations into, through, across, or over the several Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons who is or are or may be Owner or Owners of Land over which the same is set out and described in the said Map or Plan as aforesaid; although the Name or Names of such Person or Persons may happen to be omitted in the said Book of Reference, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Northumberland, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error or Omission proceeded from Mistake.

For getting

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Materials. Surveyor and Surveyors, and such Person and Persons as he or they shall appoint, to dig, take, and carry away any Furze, Heath, Stone, Sand, Gravel, and other Materials proper or convenient for repairing the said Roads, and for building or repairing Toll Houses, Bridges, Conduits, and Walls, upon the same, or on the Sides thereof, out of any Waste Grounds, common River or Brook (not being within the Distance of Thirty Yards from any Bridge, Dam, Weir, or Jetty) in any Parish, Township, or Place within which the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, respectively do lie, and for want of sufficient Quantities of such Furze, Heath, Stone, Sand, Gravel, or other Materials in the Places last described, then to dig, take, and carry away the like Materials out of any Waste Grounds, or common River or Brook (not being within the like Distance from any Bridge, Dam, Weir, or Jetty), in any adjoining Parish, Town, Village, or Hamlet, without making any Recompence for the same, the said Surveyor and Surveyors filling up, fencing, or levelling all such Pits and Holes as shall be made or occasioned by the digging for or taking away such Materials, and making such Allowance or Satisfaction to the Person or Persons through whose Lands or private Ways such Materials shall be led and carried, for the Damages done and occasioned thereby, as the said Trustees shall think fit and reasonable; and in case the said Trustees shall be of Opinion that such Materials cannot conveniently be gotten from such Waste Grounds, common Rivers and Brooks as aforesaid, on account of the Distance thereof from the said Roads, or for any other reasonable Cause, that then it shall be lawful for such Surveyor or Surveyors, by Order of any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County or Place in which that Part of the said Road shall lie, to search, dig for, and take away the like Materials out of the private Grounds of any Person or Persons (not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Paddock, Park, planted Walk or Avenue to any House or inclosed Ground, planted, set apart, or used as a Plantation or Nursery for Trees) where such Materials are and may be found, in any Township, Parish, or Place in which any Part of the said Roads shall lie or be situate, or in any adjoining Township, Parish, or Place, and from Time to Time to carry away such and so many of the said Materials respectively, as the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall judge necessary for repairing and amending the said Roads, or erecting, making, or repairing any such Buildings, Bridges, Conduits, or Walls respectively as aforesaid, paying such Recompence

620

Trustees may make Roads through Grounds, although the Owners Names are not in the Book of Reference.

621

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. xKVi.

pence for the Damage done the Owners and Occupiers of the respective Grounds, where, through, and from whence the same shall be digged and carried away, as the said Trustees shall judge reasonable; and in case of any Difference between such Owners and Occupiers, or any of them, and the said Trustees, touching any of the Damages aforesaid, any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Northumberland, on Ten Days Notice being given by either Party to the other in Writing, shall and may assess, adjudge, and finally determine the same, in such Manner as they shall think fit and expedient.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall Notice to be not be lawful for such Surveyor or Surveyors, or such other Person or occupiers Persons as aforesaid, under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, of private take, or carry away any such Materials as aforesaid, for any of the Grounds Purposes of this Act, in or from any inclosed Lands or Grounds, before any until after Twenty-one Days Notice in Writing, signed by the jj*1^* said Surveyor or Surveyors, or some other Officer or Officers of the therefrom, said Trustees, shall have been given to the respective Owners or Occupiers of the Lands and Grounds from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left at their usual Place of Residence, to appear before any Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the County in which such inclosed Lands lie, at a certain Time and Place specified in such Notice, to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be taken away; and in case such respective Owners or Occupiers shall, by themselves or their respective Agents, attend pursuant to such Notice, and shall not shew sufficient Cause to the contrary, the said Justices shall, if they shall think proper, authorize Such Surveyor or other Officer to dig, take, gather, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to such Justices shall seem proper; or if such respective Owners or Occupiers shall neglect or refuse to appear, by themselves or their respective Agents, the said Justices shall and may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Pur-noses, as if such respective Owners or Occupiers had attended in Manner aforesaid.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whojnso- Penalty on ever shall take or carry away any Materials which shall have been taking away dug, gathered, or wrought, for the Purpose of making, completing, Materials or amending the said Roads, or for any other the Purposes of this got by Sur" Act, or shall get or take away any Materials out of any Pit or veyor"‘ Quarry which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting Materials for the said Roads, before the said Surveyors or their Workmen shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Three Calendar Months (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and the Person or Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein for his own private Use, and not for Sale), every Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence, a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyors said Surveyor and Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or maT remove [Local] 7 s they Ann°y*nces-

622 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvi

they shall appoint, from Time to Time (such Surveyor or Surveyors having an Order for that Purpose from the said Trustees), to remove and prevent ail Nuisances and Annoyances on any Part or Parts of the said Roads, by Timber, Stone, Carriages, Saw Pits, or other Pits, Ashes, Dung, Filth, Rubbish, or otherwise; and to turn any Watercourses, Gutters, Conduits, or Drains running into the same Roads to the Prejudice thereof; and to open, scour and cleanse, deepen and enlarge, any Gutter, Ditch, Conduit, or Watercourse, adjoining or near to the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively; and also, at proper Seasons of the Year, to cut down or lop any Branches of Trees, Shrubs, or Bushes (not being an Ornament or Shelter to any House) growing in the Hedges, Fences, or Grounds adjoining thereto (not being a Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, Plantation, Walk, or Avenue to a House), so as to reduce such Hedges to any Height not less than Four Feet, and to take and carry away the same, in case the respective Owners or Occupiers of the Lands where such Annoyances shall happen to be, shall neglect so to do for the Space of Ten Days next after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose, under the Hand or Hands of such Surveyor or Surveyors, the Charges whereof to be settled by the said Trustees, shall be reimbursed to the said Surveyor or Surveyors by such respective Owners or Occupiers neglecting to cut down such Branches of Trees, Shrubs, or Bushes, or by the Person or Persons occasioning, neglecting, or refusing to remove such Annoyances as aforesaid, which Charges shall be levied and recovered in the same Manner as Forfeitures and Penalties are herein-after directed to be levied and recovered; and if after the Removal of any such Annoyances, any Person or Persons shall offend again in the like Manner, every such Person shall, for every such further and second Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Surveyors

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for such

may make Surveyor and Surveyors, and such other Person and Persons as shall

Causeways, be appointed by Order of the said Trustees, to make Causeways in or rams, c. ajong the Sides of the said Roads, not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House; and to cut and make Drains or Watercourses upon and through any Grounds lying contiguous to the said Roads; and to erect and keep in Repair Bridges and Arches thereupon; and also to make Ditches or Trenches in such Places and in such Manner as such Surveyor or Surveyors or other Person or Persons shall judge necessary; and also to make sufficient Fenders, Barriers, and other Erections on any Part or Parts of the said Roads, in order to prevent any River or Current of Water from flooding the same, as such Surveyor or Surveyors or other Person or Persons shall judge necessary; and also to make or cause to be made any temporary Road or Roads through, over, and along the Grounds adjoining to any narrow or ruinous Part or Parts of the said Roads (not having a House or other Building thereon, and not being a Garden, Orchard, planted Walk, or Avenue to any House, or a Plantation or Nursery of Trees), to be made use of as a Road, while the old Road shall be repairing, and until the same shall be made safe and convenient for Travellers, making such Satisfaction to the Owners or Occupiers of such Grounds so to be used, cut through.

623

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvi.

through, or built upon, for the Damages which they or any of them shall sustain thereby, as the said Trustees shall judge reasonable; and in case any Difference shall happen between such Owners or Occupiers and the said Trustees touching such Damages, the same shall be settled by the Justices of the Peace for the County wherein the Matter of Difference shall arise, at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for such County next after such Difference shall arise, on Ten Days Notice being given by either Party to the Other in Writing for that Purpose.

L. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall have full Trustees may Power and Authority from Time to Time to widen the said Roads, et^’e lvertj and to divert, turn, or alter within the Limits herein-before men- Kosu]g. tioned, the Course or Direction of any Part or Parts thereof respectively, through or over any Moor or Waste Ground, without making any Satisfaction for the same, and also through or over any private Grounds or Hereditaments, first making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof and Persons interested therein, for the Damage they may thereby sustain; and for that Purpose it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any Messuages, private Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners and Persons interested, or any of them, shall or may sustain, by such widening, turning, or altering any Part or Parts of the said Roads; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporations Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all and ‘ncapaci-Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, or other tated Pers°ns Trustees whatsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their to seHW&c. Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of any Infant, Feme Covert, Cestuique Trust, Tenants for Life or in Tail, and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised or possessed of or interested in any such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to contract and agree with the said Trustees for the Satisfaction to be made for such Damages as aforesaid, or to sell to them all or any of such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as Occasion shall be or require; and all Contracts and Sales so made shall, without any Fine or Fines, Common Recovery or Common Recoveries, or any other Conveyance or Assurance, be valid and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes, any Law,

Statute, or Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding j and all such Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Tail, Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, and Trustees, and all other Persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act:

Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees, in diverting, turning, or altering the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of tire said present Road, to deviate more than One hundred Yards from the present Line or Course of the said Road, without the Consent in Writing of the Owners or reputed Owners and Occupiers for the Time being, of the Lands or Grounds which may be aftected by any such Diversion or Alteration; and if any such °J!; Re{u>al to Owner, Proprietor, Occupier, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, J?SetdeXe

Corporations Recompeace.

624

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvi.

Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Tail, Trustees, or any other Person or Persons interested in any such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, upon Notice to him, her, or them given or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Houses, or Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, of of the Head Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Lands or Hereditaments so to be taken in and added to any Part of the said Roads, or into which any Part or Parts of such Roads are or is to be turned or altered, shall, by the Space of Ten Days after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every or any such Case the said Trustees shall cause it to be inquired into and ascertained by and upon the Oath of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the said County of Northumberland (which Oaths any One or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby empowered and required to administer), what Damages will be sustained by and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owners, Occupiers, Proprietors, or other Person or Persons interested, for or on account of the taking such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments into the said Roads, or turning any Part or Parts of such Roads into the same Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; and in order thereto, the said Trustees are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall be t>r require, to summon and call before the said Jury, and examine upon Oath all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who shall be thought necessary and proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses touching or concerning the Premises, (which Oath any One or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby empowered to administer); and they shall also order and cause the said Jury to view the Places in question, if there be Occasion, and use all lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the Jury’s better Information in the Premises, as the said Trustees shall think fit; and after the said Jury shall have enquired of, ascertained, and settled such Damage and Recompence, the said Trustees shall thereupon order and adjudge the said Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury, to be paid to the said Owners, Occupiers, or Proprietors of, or other Persons interested in the said Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, according to such Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury; Their Verdict which said Verdict or Inquisition, and Judgment, [Order, or Deter-to be final, mination so had and made, shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes, against all Parties and Persons whomsoever claiming in Possession, in Fee or in Tail General or Special, Reversion or Remainder, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well absent as present, Infants, Femes Coverts, and Persons under any other Disability whatsoever. Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as well as all other Persons whomsoever; and all and every such Owners, Occupiers, and Proprietors, and all and every other Person and Persons anyways interested in such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, shall, upon Payment or Tender of the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed as aforesaid, thereby be from thenceforth, to all Intents and Purposes, divested of all Right,

Title,

625

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvi.

Title, Claim, Interest, and Property of, in, to, or out of the same \ and for the summoning or returning of such Jury or Juries, the said Sherifis to Trustees are hereby empowered to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the County wherein the Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments in question as aforesaid do lie, thereby commanding and requiring him to impannel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Persons, to appear before the said Trustees, at such Time and Place, and within such County, as in such Warrant shall be appointed; and the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to impannel, summon, and return such Number accordingly j and out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Trustees, or any One or more of them, shall swear or cause to be sworn Twelve, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be speedily procured to attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve; and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against Sheriffs, he. any of the said Jurymen, when they come to be swoni, but shall not be fined on challenge the Array; and the said Trustees, acting in the Premises, Duty? ° shall have Power, from Time to Time, to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents, making Default in the Premises, and on the Persons that shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and shall not appear, or who shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or being so sworn, refusing to give or not giving his Verdict, or in any other Matter wilfully neglecting their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and on any of the Persons who being required to give Evidence before the said Jury touching the Premises, shall neglect or refuse to appear, after having been paid or tendered a reasonable Sum for his, her, or their Cost, Charges, and Expences, or appearing, shall refuse to be sworn and give Evidence; and from Time to Time to levy and apply such Fine or Fines in the same Manner as other Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines are herein-after directed to be levied and applied, so that such Fine shall not exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds, upon any such Sheriff or his Deputy, nor the Sum of Forty Shillings upon any other Person, for any one Offence.

LI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury or Juries to How the be summoned and sworn pursuant to the Authority of this Act, shall Expences of give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Monies, as a the Jury are Recompence or Satisfaction for the Right, Interest, or Property of 10 be paid' any Person or Persons in any such Lands or Hereditaments, or for any such Loss or Damage, than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, before the summoning and returning of the said Jury or Juries, as a Recompence and Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or any Loss or Damage as aforesaid, then and in such Case, the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses, for ascertaining and determining the Value of any such Right, Property, or Interest, or the Losses or Damages sustained as aforesaid, shah be paid by the said {.Local.] 7 T Trustees j

In Cases where Persons are absent Trustees to pay Expences.

Money allowed for Lands, 8cc. how to be charged and tendered.

1* GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvi.

Trustees; but if any Jury or Juries, so summoned and sworn as aforesaid shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more, or less Monies than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, before the summoning and returning of the said Jury or Juries, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property in any such Lands or Hereditaments, or Losses or Damages as aforesaid, then the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, shall be paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have had such Controversy or Dispute; which said Costs and Expences, having been ascertained and settled by some Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Northumberland, not being interested in the Matter in question (who is and are hereby empowered and required to examine, ascertain, and settle the same), shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person and Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged; or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the same be not paid upon Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by such Ways and Means as are herein-after provided for the Recovery of Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines.

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That inCases where any Person or Persons shall, by reason of Absence out of the Kingdom, have been prevented from treating, such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies to arise under or by virtue of this Act.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That every Sum of Money or Recompence to be agreed for or assessed as aforesaid, shall be paid out of the said Tolls, or out of the Monies borrowed on the Credit thereof, either into the Bank of England, or to the Parties or Persons respectively entitled thereto, or to their Agents, as the Case may require, as herein-after mentioned; and upon Payment or Tender thereof to the Party or Parties entitled to receive the same, or their Agent, or on depositing the same in the Bank of England, in Manner by this Act directed, and after Ten Days Notice thereof given to such Parties or Persons, or their Agents, such Lands or Hereditaments shall be laid into and made Part of the said Roads, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall direct; and shall be by them, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, sufficiently drained, ditched, feuced, and set out for that Purpose, and shall from thenceforth, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, become and be, and be deemed and taken to be a common Highway and Part of the said Roads, and shall and may be repaired and kept in Repair, in such Manner as the same Roads hereby appointed to be made and repaired are respectively by this Act to be made and repaired; and after such new Road shall be completed, the Lands constituting such former Road, or any Part thereof, unless leading over some. Moor or Waste Ground, or to some Village, Town, or Place to which such new Road 7 doth

627

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvi.

doth not lead, shall and may be sold and conveyed by the said Trustees, for the best Price that can be gotten for the same, and the Money arising from such Sale shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act; and the Sale or Sales, Conveyance or Conveyances, to be made of such Lands or Grounds, being executed by the said Trustees, and inrolled in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Northumberland, shall be good and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said First Offer Trustees before they shall so sell or dispose of the Ground or Soil of Overplus which formed the Road to be diverted, turned, or altered by virtue J^?to°tho of this Act, or such Piece or Pieces of Ground over and above what former Own-shall be necessary for effecting the Purposes of this Act, shall first ers thereof, offer to sell or re-sell the same (as the Case may happen to be) to the or the 9vYn" Person or Persons who shall be the Owner or Owners of the Lands, , r* Lands" Tenements, and Hereditaments lying on both Sides of such diverted ins ‘n Road, or the Person or Persons from whom the same Piece or Pieces of Ground shall have been purchased; and in case the Owner or Owners of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments on both Sides of the said diverted Road, or the Person or Persons from whom such Piece or Pieces of Ground have been so purchased, shall refuse to purchase or re-purchase the same (as the Case may happen to be), on an Affidavit being made and sworn before a Master or Master Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County or Place in which such diverted Road or Piece or Pieces of Ground shall lie, (who is hereby required to take such Affidavit by some Person or Persons no way interested in the Premises), such Affidavit stating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Offer was then and thereupon refused, or was not agreed to by the Person or Persons to whom the same was made, shall in all Courts whatever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and refused, or not agreed to by the Person or Persons to whom it was made (as the Case may be); and in case such Person or Persons shall be desirous of re-purchasing the Ground or Soil of such diverted Road, or of re-purchasing such Piece or Pieces of Ground so directed to be sold by virtue of this Act, and he, she, or they and the said Trustees shall differ, and not agree with respect to the Price thereof, then and in such Case, the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury in Maimer herein-before directed with respect to disputed Value of Premises to be purchased by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, in pursuance of this Act, and the Expences of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in like Manner as herein-before directed with respect to such Purchase made by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, mutates mutandis; and the Money to arise by the Sale or Sales which may be made by the said Trustees of such diverted Road, Piece or Pieces of Ground as aforesaid, shall be applied to and for the Purposes of this Act; but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for any Mis-application or Non-application of such Money.

1" GEORGII IV. Cup.xxvi.

628

Not to take

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act without Con- not exten^ to or authorize the taking down of or making use of #ent of the any Dwelling House or other Building, or to the taking in or making Owners, &c. use of any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, planted Walk, or Avenue except, &c. to a House or Plantation, or Nursery of Trees, without the Consent in Writing of the Owners or Proprietors thereof respectively, other than and except Part of a Plantation belonging to William Ritson of Hexham aforesaid, Hatter, and now in his own Occupation; and also except Part of a Garden belonging to Thomas Richard Beaumont Esquire and Diana his Wife, of Bretton Hall in the County of York, and now in the Occupation of James Gprland, situated in the Township of Hexham, in the said County of Northumberland; and also except Part of a Garden belonging to Thomas Mason of Hexham aforesaid, Weaver, and now in the Occupation of Richard Urwin the younger, situated in the said Township of Hexham; and also except Part of a Plantation belonging to Cuthbert Snowball of East Whamley, in the said County of Northumberland, Gentleman, and now in his own Occupation, situated at East Whamley aforesaid, in the Parish of Warden, in the said County of Northumberland; and also except Part of a Plantation belonging to John Snowball of West Whamley, in the said County of Northumberland, Gentleman, and now in his own Occupation, situated at West Whamley aforesaid, in the said Parish of Warden, in the said County of Northumberland; and also except Part of a Plantation belonging to John Armstrong of Land Ends, in the said County of Northumberland, Gentleman, and now in his own Occupation, situated at the Bush, in the said Parish of Warden, in the said County of Northumberland; and also except Part of a Plantation belonging to the Commissioners and Governors of Greenwich Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent, and now in their own Occupation, situated at Highwood and Coastley, in the said Parish of Hexham, and Woodhall and Woodhall Mill, in the said Parish of Warden, in the said County of Northumberland.

Application

LVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be of Com- agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredi-Money°when taments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this amounting'^ Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, or exceeding Feme Covert, Lunatic, Tenants for Life or in Tail, or Person or 2001. Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in

case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sura of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting

other

629

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvi.

other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments standing settled therewith to the same or the like Uses, Intents, and Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament-:, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined, and capable of taking effect; and in the meantime, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement had been made.

LVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any when Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, amounting or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons jooi! *" under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, or shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Tenements so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved by Five or more of the said Trustees for executing this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case shall be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where when such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned amounting shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same ‘° l"» ["] IV , hallm

630 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvi.

shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any One or more of them, shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

in case of

LIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Permit T?tlesS sons to w^om any Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid, shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any One or more of them, or shall refuse to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances; or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any One or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the said Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments [describing them], subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, or to order Distribution thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable j and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the same is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

Persons in

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any

Possession Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money

presumptive- to Paie* into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the ly entitled. Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in &c. pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements,

or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and ml Persons claiming Under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall 9 be

631

l° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvi.

be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

LXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by The Court of reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to payment be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money of Expences. for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That all Gates to be hereafter Gates not to hiade and placed in any Field or Ground adjoining any Part of the swinS into said Road, shall be made and hung to open and swing inward towards the oa ' such Field or Ground, and not towards the said Road; and that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any One or more of them, to order all such Gates as are now erected, or may hereafter be erected, and open and swing outward towards the said Road, to be altered and made to open and swing inwards, as they the said Trustees shall think proper; and if any Occupier or Occupiers of the Lands upon which any Gate or Gates is or are or shall be constructed, so as to open and swing outward towards the said Road, shall (after Five Days Notice from the Surveyor of the said Road, requiring him, her, or them to alter any such Gate or Gates, and to make the same to open and swing inwards), refuse or neglect to make Such Alterations, or after such Alterations shall have been once made, shall again alter the same, every such Occupier or Occupiers shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Gases where the Trustees to said Trustees shall widen, turn, or alter any Part or Parts of the said fencethenew Roads, or make any new Road over and through any private Grounds, Roads' the said Trustees shall make or cause to be made proper Walls or Quickset Fences, as the Case Shall require, so as effectually to guard and fence off the Lands adjoining to the said Roads, and also proper Gates, ^Bridges, and Arches, where necessary, out of, or upon, or under the said Roads into the Lands adjoining; and shall keep the Quickset Fences so to be made in proper Order and Repair, for and

during

632

Waggon Ways not to be damaged.

Lands liable to the Repair of Bridges, 8cc. to con-

Porishes to

liable to Repair, and regulating the Statute Labour.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvi.

during the Term of Five Years from the Time of such Quickset Fences being made or planted; and shall cause all such of the present Fences in the Lands adjoining to the said Branch Road, as shall, in the Opinion of the said Trustees, be rendered of no Use by the altering or turning of the present Road, or by making the new Road, to be levelled.

LXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to authorize and empower the said Trustees to pull up, alter, damage, obstruct, or prejudice any Waggon Way, laid or to be laid across or near the said Roads, or any Part thereof, or to stop or obstruct any Horses going or returning with any Waggons laden with Coals, or empty, passing along the said Waggon Ways; but that the Owner or Occupier of such Waggon Ways shall have the same Right and Power to use and enjoy the same, and to lay any new Waggon Way or Ways from Time to Time as Occasion may require, and to do all such Acts and Things as are or shall be needful or necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, as fully and freely as if this Act had not been made; Provided always, that no such Waggon Way which shall cross any Part of the said Roads, shall be raised more than Two Inches above the Level of such Roads.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That where any particular Part or Parts of the said Roads, or any Bridges, Arches, Drains, or Sewers lying in and upon the said Roads, which have been accustomed or ought to be repaired and maintained by any particular Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, by reason of the Tenure of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or otherwise, or by the said County of Northumberland, or any Ward, Parish, or Township therein respectively, or otherwise howsoever, all and every such Part or Parts of the said Roads, and all such Bridges, Arches, Drains, and Sewers, shall from Time to Time be maintained and kept in Repair, by such Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Counties, Wards, Parishes, or Townships, in such Manner as the same were respectively maintained and kept in Repair before the passing of this Act.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places through which the said Road shall pass, shall be liable to the Repair of such Parts of the said Road as are within their respective Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places, in such and the same Manner as they are liable to the Repair of any other Highways within the same; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Northumberland, and they are hereby empowered and required, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Road lies, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvi. 633

the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by them paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lists before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township, or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lists of Names shall be made in Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repairs of the public Highways; and out of such Liststhe said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road, as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest) and in such Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lists shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the Surveyor or Surveyors of such Parishes, Townships and Places respectively, to be by him or them paid over to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct, and in default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized or directed to be recovered; anti each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts,

Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found negligent or idle by any Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, such Surveyor or Surveyors is and are hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that case every such Person sending such Labourer, Team or Draught, shall be subject and liable to the [£oaz/.] 7 X respective

Trustees may compound for Statute Work.

634 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvi.

respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road; ail which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards the amending the said Road; and in case the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places, shall refuse or neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or qeglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof, in Manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor or Surveyors so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to compound and agree with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Repairs or Statute Work to be by them done on the said Road, or any Part thereof, and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of and in all and every of the Townships or Places duly authorized for that Purpose at a public Vestry, for a certain Sum of Money, by the Year or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the whole or any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Road; which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways or other Officers of the Parish, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Trustees in advance, on or before the First Day of May in each and every Year, or otherwise the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Parish, Township, or Place shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

Penalty on

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Per-Persons ob- sons shall assault or hinder, or cause to be assaulted or hindered, the Btructing the c0uect0rs of the said Tolls, or any of them, or the Turnpike Sur-tW\» Act0" 0l veyor or Surveyors, or any Person or Persons employed by them, or any of them, or by the said Trustees in the Execution of any Part of this Act, every such Person or Persons so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Hoads to be

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That if the said Trustees measured and shall be and are hereby empowered and required to cause the said Mile Stones Roads to be measured, and Mile Stones or Posts to be set up, and from erected. Time to Time renewed, on the Sides thereof respectively, with Inscriptions thereon, denoting the Number of Miles and Distance of Places, and also proper Direction Posts, where any other Roads lead out of or into the said Roads hereby directed to be repaired respectively, with Inscriptions thereon, denoting to what Place or Places $uch other Roads respectively do lead, as they shall think fit; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break or pull down, dig up, injure or destroy any of the Stones or Posts, which shall be so fixed or set up, or erase, obliterate, or deface any of the Inscriptions or fetters which shall be engraven or made thereon, or any Part thereof* or cause or procure the same to be done, every such Person so offend-10 ing

635

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. i.

ing shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall haul or Penalty for draw, or cause to be hauled or drawn, upon any Part of the said Roads (excepting only in crossing the same) any Tree or Piece of St^eg on Timber, or any Stone, otherwise than upon wheeled Carriages, or the Roads, shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber which shall be conveyed upon wheeled Carriages, to drag upon any Part of the said Roads, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Per- penalty on sons shall wilfully or negligently injure, destroy, break down, or other- riding on wise damage, or shall ride on, or drive, or lead any Horse, Beast, Footpaths, Cattle, or Carriage, over or upon any Footpath or Causeway, made &c‘ or to be made on the Side or Sides of the said Roads, or any Part thereof, or shall wilfully or negligently damage or destroy any of the Fences, Walls, or Gates on the Sides of the said Roads, and belonging thereto; or if any Driver of any Waggon or other Carriage shall wilfully or carelessly break or damage any of the Posts or Stones which may be erected for the Security of the said Footpaths or Causeways; or if any Person or Persons shall plough over or drag any Plough upon any Part of the said Roads, or in ploughing shall turn any Horse or other Beast drawing any Plough upon any Part of the said Roads to the Prejudice or Injury thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall scrape off any Mud, Soil, or other Matter or Thing which shall be or lie upon any Part of the said Roads, so as wilfully to damage the said Roads or any Part thereof; or if any Person shall hale or draw, or cause to be haled or drawn, upon any Part of the said Roads, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone (otherwise than upon wheeled Carriages), or shall suffer any Part of any Tree, or Piece of Timber or Stone, which shall be carried upon a wheeled Carriage, to drag upon any Part of the said Roads to the Prejudice or Injury thereof; or if any Person shall, after having blocked or stopped any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, in going up any Hill or rising Ground, leave or suffer, or permit to be and remain on any Part of the said Roads, the Stone or other Thing used in such blocking or stopping; or if any Person driving any Pigs or Swine upon the said Roads, shall suffer the same to root up or damage the said Roads or any Part thereof, or the Fences, Hedges, Walls, Backings, or Copse on either Side thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall leave or suffer any Horse, Cattle, Sheep, Beast, Pig or Swine, to graze or be and remain loose on the said Roads; or if any Person driving any Coach, Chaise, or Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, upon the said Roads, and meeting another Coach, Chaise, Waggon,

Cart or other Carriage, shall not keep his Carriage on the Left or Near Side of the said Roads; or if any Person or Persons shall in any Manner wilfully prevent any other Person from passing him, her, or them upon the said Roads, or the Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, under his or their Care; or if any Persons shall make or assist in making any Fire or Fires whatsoever, or shall

set

63G 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvi.

set fire to, or let off* or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent or Firework whatsoever, on any Part of the said Roads, or within Eighty Feet of the Centre thereof; or play at Football, or any other Game or Games whatsoever, on any Part of the said Roads, to the Annoyance of Persons travelling thereon; or if any Person or Persons shall leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, or any Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Husbandry, without some reasonable Cause to be allowed by the Justice of the Peace before whom the Person so offending shall be summoned or conveyed, in order to his or her Conviction, and save and except with regard to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, during such reasonable Time as the same shall be loading or unloading, and standing as near to the Side of the said Roads as conveniently may be, in, upon, or on the Side of the said Roads, either with or without any Horse or Beast of Draught, harnessed or yoked thereto; or if any Person shall lay any Piece of Timber, or any Stones, Brick, Hay, Straw, Lime, Coal, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, on any Part of the said Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice or Injury thereof, or to the Annoyance, Hindrance, or Prejudice of any Person or Persons traveling thereon, or shall do any other Damage or Injury to the said Roads, or any Part thereof, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

Trustees may

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or fxmtract for suc]1 Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose authorize and pair' appoint, are hereby empowered to contract with any Person or Persons, for making, altering, raising, widening, and repairing the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, and for erecting, building, and making Arches and Bridges upon the same, and for erecting Mile and Direction Stones or Posts thereon, and for making any Hedges or Fences, or turning, altering, widening, or making any Part or Parts of the said Roads, or for doing any other Work to be performed in the Execution of this Act, in such Manner and for such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trustees shall think proper.

Contract to

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Contracts in Writing be binding, entered into pursuant to an Order made at any Meeting of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and signed by any Five or more of them, shall be binding on the said Trustees, and also on the other Parties who shall sign the same, and the Executors and Administrators of such other Parties, and that Actions and Suits may be maintained thereon, and Damages and Costs recovered against the Parties failing in Execution thereof.

For securing

LXXIV. And whereas Offences may be committed against this transiem Act by Persons unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers en ers‘ appointed to put this Act in Execution; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of the said Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, and such other Person or Persons as they or any of them shall call to their or any of their Assistance, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons who shall commit any

637

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvi.

such Offence or Offences, and take him, her, or them before any Justice of the Peace of the County near to the Place where the Offence or Offences shall have been committed; and such Justice is hereby empowered to proceed to the hearing and determining of the Complaint.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, Penalties and and Fines by this Act inflicted or authorized to be imposed (the F"deiturM Manner of levying and recovering of which is not herein otherwise re°*ve°ed particularly directed) shall, upon Proof of the Offences respectively, and applied, before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County or Place where the Offence or Offences shall have been committed, either by the Confession of the Party or Parties offending, or by the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties so offending, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices (which Warrant or Warrants such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant for those Purposes, and to administer such Oath gratis), and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted, shall be returned on Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and all such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, when so paid and levied (if not directed to be otherwise applied by this Act), shall from Time to Time be paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, and shall be laid out and applied in putting this Act in Execution; and in case such sufficient Distress shall not be found, and such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines shall not be forthwith paid upon Conviction, then it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to order the Offender or Offenders so convicted to be detained and kept in safe Custody until Return can conveniently

be made to such Warrant of Distress, unless the Offender or

Offenders shall give sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, for his, her, or their Appearance before such

Justice or Justices, on such Day or Days as shall be appointed for the Return of such Warrant of Distress, such Day or Days not being more than Ten Days from the Time of taking any such Security, and which Security the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to take, by way of Recognizance or otherwise but if upon the Return of such Warrant, it shall appear that no sufficient Distress can be had thereupon, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices of the Peace, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Term not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LXXVI. And for the more easy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That all and every the Justices of the Peace

638

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvi.

before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the like Effect, as the Case shall happen, and shall not be obliged to set forth the Evidence at length;

* County of \ BE it remembered, That on the

‘ to w, t' Day of in the

* Year of His Majesty's Reign, and in the Year of our Lord

4 A.B. is convicted before of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of [jhere specify the Offence, and when and where committed[J contrary to the Form of the Statute

* made in the First Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the

* Fourth, intituled An Act, 8$c. [here set forth the Title qfthis Act] and ‘ I [or we] do therefore declare and adjudge, that the said A.B. hath

* forfeited, for his said Offence, the Sum of

* or, shall be committed to for the Space of

* Given under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year first above written.

Allowing an

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Appeal to the shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any thing Quarter Ses- done in pursuance of this Act, save and except the Verdict of the sions. Jury with respect to the Value of Messuages, Lands, or Tenements in turning, altering, widening, or making any Part or Parts of the said Roads, as herein-before is directed, and any other Matter or Thing herein-before directed to be conclusive, and for which no particular Relief hath been herein-before appointed, such Person or Persons may, within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County of Northumberland, such Appellant or Appellants first giving or causing to be given Ten Days Notice at least in Writing of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause or Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Trustees or other Person or Persons against whose Determination such Appeal shall be made, and within Two Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance, before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal at and abide the Order of, and pay such Costs as shall be awarded against him, her, or them by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions; and the said Justices, at their said Sessions, on due Proof being given of such Notice as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall proceed to hear and finally determine the Causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Party appealing or appealed against as they the said Justices shall respectively think proper; and the Determination of such Quarter Sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusiye to all Intents and Purposes.

Distress not unlawful for Want of Form only.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction,

Notice,

1* GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvi. 639

Notice, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceeding relative thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damages in an Action on the Case.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Proceeding to be Proceedings had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this j?or Act, or any Order to be made, or any other Matter to be done or want of transacted in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be quashed Form, for Want of Form, or be liable to be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere •, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That no Inhabitant of any Inhabitants Parish, Township, District, or Place, in which any Offence may be may be Wll~ committed against this Act, shall be deemed and adjudged to be an 1 incompetent Witness by reason and account of his being an Inhabitant of such Parish, Township, District, or Place.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff shall re- Not re" cover in any Action for Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceed- fi^entTender ings committed in carrying the Trusts of this Act into Execution, or Qf Amends in any Matter or Thing concerning or relating to the same, if Tender beforeAction of sufficient Amends shall be made by or in behalf of the Party who brougfat* shall have committed or caused to be committed any such Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceedings before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall Defendant and may be lawful to and for the Defendant in any such Action, aHo «d to with Leave of the Court wherein such Action shall be depending, com* at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum or before Issue Sums of Money as he shall see fit, whereupon such Proceedings or joined. Orders and Judgments shall be had and given in and by such Court as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall Limitation of be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in Actions-pursuance of this Act, until Twenty-one Days Notice shall be thereof given to the Clerk of the said Trustees, nor after a sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Four Calendar Months after the Fact committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be laid or brought in the County where the Cause of Action shall have arisen, and not elsewhere, and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action shall or may, at his or their Election, plead specially or the General Issue Not Guilty, and give this Act, and the special Matter General in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same issue, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or that such Action or Suit shall have been brought before Twenty-one Days Notice

thereof

640 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. x*vi.

thereof as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict or Verdicts, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Treble Costs. Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs* and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Case by Law.

[Public Act.]

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Term of

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall com-thia Act. mence and take place on the said Seventh Day of August next after the passing of this Act, and shall be in force for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan,

Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1820.

Eg-P

ANNO PRIMO

GEORGII IV. llEGIS.

Cap. xxvii.

a, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His late Majesty, for making- and repairing the, Road from the Town of Stonehaven, through the Slug Mount to the New Bridge over the River Dee, at Cobleheugh, in the County of Kincardine.

[22d June 1820.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth and 39 & 4-0

Fortieth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty G.S. c. 17. King George the Third, intituled An Act for making and repairing the Road from the Town of Stonehaven, through the Slug Mount to the New Bridge over the River Dee, at Cobleheugh, in the County of Kincardine, certain Persons, Heritors or Tacksmen of Lands in the Parishes, and of an Extent therein mentioned, with others therein described, were appointed Trustees for making and repairing a Road from the Harbour and Town of Stone-haven, or near the same, by or near the Bridge over Carron, through the Hollow, Westward of the Links of Arduthie, and a little to the Eastward of the present Road as it leads toward thy, and by the Bridge of Finlayson, through the Slug Mount or Slug Month; the Farms of Darnford, Balladrum, Aucliwynaeh and Balhredies, and along or near the present Road on the South Side of the Dee, through the Farms of Maryfield, Baldcraigs and Minonie by the lower Bridge over the River Feugh to the said Bridge over the Dee at Cobleheugh; and Powers were given to the said Trustees to levy Tolls on the said [Locfl/.] 7 Z Road,

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvii.

Road, to borrow Money on the Credit of the Tolls, and various other Powers, for effectuating the Purposes of the said Act: And whereas, in pursuance of the said Act, the said Road has been made, and certain Sums of Money borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls levied thereon, which are still owing, but the said Road cannot be kept in Repair, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term of the said Act is enlarged, and the Powers and Provisions thereby given and made be continued and amended: And, as these Purposes cannot be obtained without the Authority of Parliament; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, and all and every the Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Trusts, Provisions, Directions, Rules, Tolls, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments, Remedies, Articles, Matters, and Things whatsoever therein contained (except such Parts thereof as are repealed, varied, or altered) shall be, continue and remain in full Force and Effect, and the same are hereby further continued, and together with the present Act shall be executed for and during the Term hereinafter mentioned, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, but subject nevertheless to the Provisions, Alterations, and Amendments in this Act contained; and that this Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be subject and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing upon the Credit of the said recited Act, or hereafter to be borrowed on the Credit of the said Act and this Act, and of all Interest due or to grow due for the same.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Acts, Matters, and Things hereby or by the said recited Act directed to be done and executed by the said Trustees, may be done and executed by the Majority of such Trustees present at their respective Meetings (the whole Number present not being less than Three); and all Acts, Matters, and Things so done by such Majority, shall be as valid and effectual as if the same had been done by all the Trustees for executing the said Act and this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required from Time to Time to cause to be entered in a Book to be kept by the principal Clerk to the said Trustees, true and regular Accounts of all Sums of Money received and expended by them in the Execution of the said Act and this Act, and of the several Articles, Matters, and Things for which such Sums of Money shall have been disbursed, laid out, and paid; which Book shall at all seasonable Times be open to the Inspection of the said Trustees, or any Creditor or Creditors on the Tolls hereby granted, without any Fee or Reward; and the said Trustees and Creditors shall and may take any Copies or Extracts from such Book without paying any Thing for the same; and in case such Clerk shall refuse to permit, or shall not permit such Trustees or Creditors, or any of them, to

i2 inspect

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii.

inspect the same, or take Copies or Extracts as aforesaid, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Ten Pounds.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not Offices of be lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person who has been, or who by virtue of the said recited Act or of this Act not to be may be appointed to act as their Clerk, or the Partner of any such held by the Clerk, the Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act and the said re- same Person, cited Act, or to continue or appoint the Person who has been or may be appointed their Treasurer, by virtue of the said recited Act or of this Act, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, the Clerk to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall act in both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of the said recited Act or this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer shall act as Clerk in the Execution of the recited Act or this Act, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts in Scotland competent.

V. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of any of the Tickets to Tolls by the said recited Act and this Act authorised to be taken on be printed, the said Road, the Collector or Receiver shall, and he is hereby required to deliver, gratis, to the Person paying such Toll, a Note or Ticket denoting such Payment, which Notes or Tickets shall be provided by the said Trustees, and there shall be printed and specified thereon the Name of the Gate at which the Toll is received,

and of the Gate or Gates (if any) which such Ticket shall free.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act, or the said recited Exempting Act, shall not extend or be construed to extend to charge with the R°yal Toll any Horses or Carriages attending His Majesty, or any of the ^, allyfrom Royal Family.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded General Ex-or taken for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatsoever De- emptions scription, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of from ToU* Letters and Expresses, under the Authority of His Majesty's Post-Master-General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning therefrom, except in so far as such Horses, Cattle, or Carriages are specially

made liable to the Payment of Tolls, by virtue of an Act made in the Fifty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal the Exemption from Toll granted for or in respect of Carriages with more than Two Wheels carrying the Mail in Scotland, and for granting a Rate for Postage as an Indemnity for the Loss which may arise to the Revenue of the Post-office from the Payment of Tolls; nor for the Horses belonging to any Officers or Soldiers on their March or on Duty; nor for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in

carrying

636

lu GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvii.

carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or any sick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers; nor for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, or the Horse or Horses, or other Cattle drawing the same, employed in conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat, or other public Stores, of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, or returning empty from having been so employed; nor for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry or Infantry respectively, and rode by them; nor for any Carriage conveying Volunteer Infantry, in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, Inspection, or Review (provided that such Persons be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption; ) nor from any Clergyman going to or returning from his own Parish Church, or other Place of Divine Worship, or on other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty, or visiting his sick Parishioners; nor from any Person or Persons going to or returning from his, her, or their proper Parochial Church or Chapel; or from any Person or Persons going to or returning from his, her, or their usual Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, on Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Worship is or shall be ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or going to or returning from the Funeral of any Person who shall die and be buried in any of the Parishes or Places in which the said Road lies; nor for any Horses, Beasts, Cattle, or Carriages, used or employed for the Purpose only of carrying or conveying Persons to or from any Election of any Commissioner to serve in Parliament for the said County of Kincardine, during the Time of such Elections; or of carrying or conveying Vagrants sent by legal Passes; or of carrying or conveying Hay or Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, or going to be sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up in the Houses, Barns, Outhouses, or Yards, or in the Lands of the Owners thereof; nor for any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, any Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Husbandry, from one Part of a Farm to another Part of the same Farm, or any Mould, Dung, Compost, or Manure employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Land other than Lime; nor for any Horse, Beast, or Cattle going to or returning from ploughing or harrowing, or to or from Water or Pasture, or going to be or returning from being shoed or farried; or for any Horse, Beast, or Cattle, or for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, used or employed for the Purpose only of carrying or conveying, or going empty to fetch, carry, or convey, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying, on the same Day, any Gravel, Furze, Heath, Sand, Stones, or other Materials for making and repairing the said Road, or any other Highway or public Road, within any Parish or Place in which any Part of

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvii. 63?

the said Road lies; and if any Person shall, by any fraudulent or Penalty on collusive Means whatsoever, claim or take the Benefit of any of the [^n^bene-Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the same, every such fia Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not emptions. exceeding Five Pounds.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person Carnages^ owning or driving or causing to be driven any Waggon, Wain, Cart, j^ty>s ser_ or other Carriage, provided for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, Jvicenot to or conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, Commissariat, or other Public payfoi-Over-Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His weight. Majesty's Forces, shall be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture for Overweight; nor shall any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or the Horse or Horses or other Cattle drawing the same,

while so employed, be stopped or detained by reason of any Weight in or upon any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or of its being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen; but it shall be lawful for any Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, to put any Number of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage for drawing the same; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute or Dis- Disputes putes shall happen respecting the demanding or taking or the Pay- concerning ment of Toll, or about the Amount of Toil due, or the Charges of ^tt!ed°bya keeping or selling any Distress, such Dispute or Disputes shall be justice of heard and determined by some Justice of the Peace for the said the Peace. County of Kincardine, who upon Application to him made for that Purpose shall examine the Matter upon Oath of the Parties, or

other Witness or Witnesses (which Oath every such Justice is hereby authorised and empowered to administer), and shall determine the Amount of the Toll due, and other Matters in Dispute between the Parties; and also assess the Charges of such Distress, keeping, and Sale; and also of the Attendance of any Person or Persons for that Purpose on such Justice; and may also award such Costs to be paid by either Party to the other as to such Justice shall seem just and reasonable; all which Costs, in case the same shall not be forthwith paid, shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so awarded or directed to pay the same, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant every such Justice is hereby empowered to issue), and the Overplus (if any) after Payment of such Costs, and the Costs of such Distress and Sale, shall be returned upon Demand to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained.

X. And be it further enacted, That all and every Toll Collector For prevent-or Collectors, being Lessee or Lessees of the Tolls on the said Road, io8 To11 Color appointed or to be appointed either under the said recited Act ]e?V"?from or this Act, by the said Trustees, or by any such Lessee or Lessees, |JJ!!

to collect the Tolls or Duties payable at any Turnpike or Toll-gate ILocaW] 8 A on

638

Penalty on obstructing Collectors.

Trustees not to divert Roads more than One Hundred Yards.

For getting Materials to repair the Road.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvii.

on the said Road, shall, and he is hereby required, on each and every Day, previous to his entering on Duty for the Collection of the said Tolls, to place his Christian and Surname painted on a Board in legible Characters, on the Front or on some other conspicuous Part of the Toll House, or Toll Gate; each of the Letters of such Name or Names to be at least Two Inches in Length, and of a Breadth in proportion, and painted either in white Letters on a black Ground, or black Letters on a white Ground, and shall continue the same so placed during the whole Time he shall be upon such Duty; and if any Collector of the same Tolls shall not place such Board as aforesaid, and keep the same there during the Time aforesaid, or shall refuse to permit or suffer, or shall in anywise hinder any Person or Persons from reading such Christian or Surname, or shall refuse to tell his Christian or Surname to any Person or Persons who shall demand the same, on having paid the said Tolls, or any of them, or shall, in Answer to such Demand, give a false Name or Names, or shall refuse or neglect to give a printed Note or Ticket denoting the Payment of Such Tolls, and having named and specified thereon the Gate or Gates freed by such Payment, or shall unnecessarily detain, or, upon the legal Toll being paid or tendered, shall wilfully obstruct, hinder, or prevent any Passenger, Horse, Beast, Carriage, or Cattle, from passing through any Turnpike or Toll Gate, or shall make Use of any scurrilous or abusive Language to any Passenger or Passengers; then, and in every such Case, every such Toll Collector shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence, as the Justice or Justices before whom the Information shall be laid shall adjudge; and such Penalty shall be recovered, levied, and applied, in Manner hereinafter directed:Provided also, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time assault, obstruct, hinder, or molest any Collector, who shall or may be employed, by virtue of or in the Execution of this Act, in the Performance of his Duty, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, in diverting, altering, or improving any Part of the said Road, shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards, of Three Feet each from the present Line thereof, without the Consent and Approbation in Writing of the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, through whose Lands or Grounds such Deviation shall be made.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and all such Persons as he or they shall appoint, to search for, dig, gather, get, and take away any Gravel, Furze, Heath, Sand, Stones, or other Materials for making, amending, altering, improving, or repairing the said Road, out of any Waste or Common, or out of any common River or Brook, in any Parish or Place in which any Part of the said Road shall lie or be situate, or in any adjoining Parish or Place, without paying any thing for the same, they, the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling

the

639

r GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvii.

the Ground, or sloping down the Bank, where such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off such Pits or Quarries, so that the same may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and if a sufficient Quantity of such Materials cannot be had or found in or upon any such Waste or Common, or in any such common River or Brook, then and in such case the Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons as aforesaid, may, by Order of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place in which such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages shall lie or be situate, (as the case may be,) to be made upon the Application of the said Trustees, search for, dig,

father, get, and take away any such Materials, in and out of the , ands, Fields, or Grounds of any Person or Persons in any Parish or Place in which any Part of the said Road shall lie or be situate, where the same may be had or found, (such Lands, Fields, or Grounds not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, Walk, or Walks, or Avenue to a House, or any Piece of Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees) making or tendering such Satisfaction for the Value of such Materials, and also for the Damage done to the Owners and Occupiers of any such Lands, Fields, or Grounds, where and from whence the same shall be dug, gathered and carried away, or over which the same or any other Materials for amending, altering, improving, or repairing the said Road shall be carried, as shall be agreed upon between them and such Owner or Occupier, or, in case of their not agreeing, then as any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in and for such County or Place as aforesaid, (as the case may be,) shall adjudge and determine to be reasonable; which Judgment or Order of such Justice or Justices shall be final and conclusive on all Parties.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Notice to be Surveyor, or any Person or Persons acting under the Authority of given before the said recited Act or this Act, to dig, gather, get, take, or carry ^tr, als away any Materials for repairing the said Road, out of or from ta en' any enclosed Land or Ground, until Notice in Writing signed by the Surveyor, shall have been given to the Owner or Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left at the House or last or usual Place of Abode of such Owner or Occupier, to appear before any Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in or for the County or Place in which such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages shall lie or be situate, to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Land or Ground; and in case such Owner or Occupier, or his Agent, shall attend pursuant to such Notice, but shall not shew sufficient Cause to the contrary, such Justice or Justices shall, if he or they shall think proper, authorise such Surveyor, or other Person or Persons, to dig, gather, get, take, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to such Justice or Justices shall seem proper; and if such Owner or Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear, by himself or Agent, such Justice or Justices may (upon Proof on Oath of the Service of such Notice, and which Oath he, they, or any of them, is and are hereby empowered to administer), make such Order therein as he or they shall think fit, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Owner or Occupier, or his Agent, had attended.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in Case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, or the said recited Act, for the Purposes aforesaid, shall refuse to accept the same, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in case the Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded, as aforesaid, cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, be not known or discovered, then, and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, or the Bank of the British Linen Company in Scotland, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Heritages [describing them], subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the Court of Session, which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be, and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of proceeding or otherwise, as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title, or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Banks respectively, who shall receive such Sum or Sums- of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the same is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money into such Bank as aforesaid.

In Case of

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any disputed Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any

Titles. Money to be paid into the said Banks, in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or of any Estate, Right, Title, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, for the Purposes aforesaid, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Session, and the Interest thereof shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

640

Inc

e of

not making out a good Title, or if Persons cannot be found, the Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank, subject to the Order of the Court of Session.

T GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvii-

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporations, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Act or this Act, for the Purposes aforesaid, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court of Session, and be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be laws ul for the said Court of Session to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, or so much of such Expences as to the said Court shall seem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and Preventing they are hereby required, from Time to Time, to cause to be erected Nuisances* Guide Posts, upon such Parts of the said Road, where the same may be crossed or joined by other Roads, as they shall think proper; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully pull up or damage any Direction Post erected or fixed or to be erected or fixed in or near the Side or Sides of the said Road, or shall obliterate or deface any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks inscribed thereon, or if any Person shall ride upon any Causeway or Footpath upon or on the Side of or adjoining the said Road, or shall drive any Horse, Beast, or Swine, or any Carriage upon, or cause any Damage to be done to any Causeway or Footpath, or shall leave or suffer any Horse, Beast,

Cattle, Sheep, or Swine, to graze or be and remain loose on the said Road, or any Part thereof; or if any Person shall cause to be drawn upon any Part of the said Road, any Timber, Stone, or other Thing, otherwise than upon wheeled Carriages, or shall suffer any Timber,

Stone, or other Thing, which shall be carried upon wheeled Carriages to drag upon the said Road, to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person driving any Pigs or Swine upon the said Road, shall suffer the same to root up and damage the said Road, or the Fences on either Side thereof; or if any Person driving any Carriage upon the said Road shall ride upon the Shafts or other Part of the said Carriage without holding the Reins of the Horse or Horses, or meeting another Carriage shall not keep his or her Carriage on his or her left or near Side of the said Road, and also keep on the same Side himself; or if any Person shall in any other Manner wilfully prevent any other Person or Persons from passing him or her, or any Carriage under his or her Care upon the said Road; or if any Person shall make or assist in making any Fire or Fires, or shall set fire to or let off or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent, or Firework whatsoever, on any Part of the said Road, or within Sixty Feet of the Centre thereof, or play at Football, or any other Game or Games on any Part of the said Road to the Annoyance of any Passenger or Passengers, or if any Person shall leave any Carriage,

(except in Cases of Accident) upon or on the Side of the said Road longer than may be necessary to load or unload the \_Local.~] 8 B same,

6‘41

Court may orderreasonable Expences to be paid by the Trustee*.

642 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvii.

Same, either with or without any Horse or Beast of Draught harnessed or yoked thereto, or in case such Carriage shall not during such Time be drawn up to the Side of the said Road as near as conveniently may be; or if any Person, having blocked or stopped any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, in going up any Hill or rising Ground, shall not immediately remove from the said Road, the Stone or other Thing with which such Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage shall have been so blocked or stopped; or in case any Person shall lay any Timber, Stone, Chalk, Marl, Lime, Hay, Straw, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever upon the said Road, or on the Side or Sides thereof, between the said Road and the Fences to be erected on the iSides thereof, or shall plough up, dig up, or break up any of the Soil between the said Road and such Fences as aforesaid, for the Purpose of making Compost or Manure, or otherwise shall scrape off any Soil or other Thing from the said Road or the Sides thereof, or shall take up and carry away any Scrapings thereof, or any Dung, Mould, Soil, Compost, or Manure from the Sides thereof, except such as may be lying in his own Grounds, and be carried away without being brought over any Part of the said Road, or that the same may be done at such Times, and under such Regulations as the Trustees or their Surveyor shall direct and order, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Gatestoopen

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Gate of any Park, Pad-

Inwards. dock, or Field shall be made to open towards the said Road, or shall be suffered to continue so to open, unless the Hanging Posts thereof shall be Thirty Feet at least from the Centre of the said Road j and the Occupier or Occupiers of every Park, Paddock, or Field, the Gate whereof shall open towards the said Road, shall after Ten Days Notice from the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, cause such Gate to be altered in such a Manner as that no Part of the Gate, when open, shall project over any Part of the said Road; and in default thereof the said Surveyor or Surveyors is and are hereby authorised to cause such Gate to be taken down and afterwards fixed up in the Manner hereinbefore directed; and the Person or Persons making Default shall, upon Conviction thereof before any Justice of the Peace for the County or Stewartry where the Offence shall be committed, on the Oath of one credible Witness, pay to such Surveyor or Surveyors such Sum as the said Justice shall direct, for defraying the Expence of such Alteration, and shall also forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for his or their Default therein.

Expences of

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Ex-

Act how to pences incident to and attending the procuring and obtaining this

bepai . Act shall be paid and satisfied by the said Trustees out of any

Monies in their Hands, or out of the first Monies that shall be collected, borrowed or received by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, in preference to all other Payments and Disbursements whatsoever.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvii.

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act (subject to the Alterations, Variations, and Additions herein contained), and this Act, shall continue in force, and be executed for and during the Residue of the Term now to come and unexpired of the said Act; and shall from thenceforth continue and be in force and be executed for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyee and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1820.

6‘43

[Public Act.]

Commencement and Continuance of the Act.

ANNO PRIMO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. xxviii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from or nearly from the Town of Stockport, in the County Palatine of Chester, to or near unto the Town of Warrington, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and a Branch of Road to communicate therewith.

[22d June 1820.]

WHEREAS the making and maintaining of a Turnpike Road from the Division of the Townships of Stockport and Cheadle Bulkeley, both in the County Palatine of Chester, at or near a Place called Brinksway, to the Turnpike Road leading from Manchester in the County Palatine of Lancaster to Wilmslow in the said County Palatine of Chester, at Cheadle in the same County Palatine, and from the same Turnpike Road nearly opposite to the Parish Church of Cheadle aforesaid to the Turnpike Road leading from Crossford Bridge in the said County Palatine of Lancaster, to Altrincham in the said County Palatine of Chester, at the Westerly End of a certain Street in Altrincham aforesaid called the Well Lane; and from the Turnpike Road leading from Altrincham aforesaid to Northmch in the said County Palatine of Chester, at the present Toll Bar on the same Turnpike Road erected in the Township of Bollington in the same County Palatine to the Turnpike Road leading from Knutsford in the same County Palatine, to Warrington in the said County Palatine oi Lancaster, at a certain Place in the Parish of Grappenhall in the said County Palatine of Chester, near the Second Milestone from Warrington aforesaid; and also of a Branch of Road to lead from the said intended Turnpike Road on Cheadle Moor, through the Hamlet [LocalS] SC of

654

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxviii.

of Edgeley in the said Township of Cheadle Bulkeley, to the Turnpike Road leading from Stoclcport aforesaid to Buxton in the County of Derby, would be of great Advantage and Convenience to the aforesaid Towns of Stockport, Cheadle, Altrincham and Warrington, and to the Land. Owners and Inhabitants of the Neighbourhood, and would likewise be of great public Utility; but the beneficial Purposes aforesaid catinot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of Trustees. the same, That all His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting for the said County Palatine of Chester, together with the Right Honourable George Harry Grey commonly called Lord Grey, the Honourable Henry Booth Grey, the Honourable William Booth Grey, the Honourable and Reverend Anchitel Grey Clerk, Sir John Chetwode Baronet, Sir Henry Mainwaring Mainwaring Baronet, James Ackers, Thomas Blackburn Clerk, Beter Langford Brooke, Henry Delves Broughton Clerk, Jonathan Brundrett, John Barratt, Thomas Baxter, Henry Baxter, John Baxter, Richard Broadbent the younger, John Chetwode, George Chetwode Clerk, John Cooper, Thomas Pickering Clarke, John Clarke, William Crowther, Davies Davenport, Matthew Dunn Clerk, Wilbraham Egerton, William Tatton Egerton, Wilbraham Egerton the younger, Thomas Egerton, William Fox, William Fox Clerk, Edward Vigor Fox, Peter Davenport Finney, James Gee, Robert Gee, Richard Irlam Grantham, George Heron Clerk, Peter Heron, James Harrison, Henry Harrison, Josiah Haughton, Robert Harrop Clerk, Isaac Harrop, John Hollins, William Hollins, Joseph Heaword, Josiah Hardey, John Hill, Peter Holland, Christopher Hurd Jones, Samuel Jowett, Thomas Legh, George John Legh, Ralph Leycester the younger, James Thomas Law Clerk, Thomas Lyon, Roger Rowson Lingard, Oswald Leicester Clerk, Peter Leicester, John Holdsworth Mallory Clerk, John Moore the younger, Thomas Moreton, James Antrobus Newton, James Newton the younger, Thomas Newton, Edward Newton, Devereux Jones Nicholls, Robert Devereux Nicholls, Charles Kenrick Prescot Clerk, Kelsall Prescot Clerk, William Prescot, Shakespeare Phillips, Robert Parker, William Pass, William Rigby, Thomas Assheton Smith, William Henry Assheton Smith, Thomas Smith, Edward Stracey, William Sykes, Edward Sykes, Richard Sykes, Edward Stelfox the younger of Reddish, William Stelfox, Thomas Steel, Thomas William Tatton, Thomas William Tatton the younger, Trafford Trafford, Richard Leigh Tr afford, George Leigh Tr afford, William Leigh Traffot'd, Henry Leigh Trafford, Edward Leigh Trafford, Robert Taylor, Mascie Taylor Clerk, John White, Thomas Wright, Stj'ethill Wright, Strethill Wright the younger, Thomas Worthing ton of Sharson, Thomas Worthington the younger of Sharson, Charles Robert Worthington, Hugo Worthington, Robert Worthington, James Wood, William Whitelegg of Ashley, William Whitelegg of Yew Tree Northern, John Whitehead, John KenyonWinterbottom, George Whitelegg, William Barlow Worthington, Thomas Worthington of Stockport, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner hereinafter mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for making, maintaining, repairing, and otherwise improving the said intended Road and Branch of Road, and for

otherwise

655

T GEORGII IV. Cap. xxviii.

otherwise carrying this Act, and all the Matters and-Things herein contained into full and complete Execution and Effect.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at a Meeting to be held for that jjjPJJJja Purpose, of -which Meeting and of the Purpose thereof Ten Days Trusteci. Notice shall be given in the Manner hereinafter directed respecting Meetings for the Appointment of Trustees on Vacancies, to elect and appoint any Number of Persons, not exceeding Ten in the whole, to

be Trustees for executing this Act, in addition to the Trustees hereby appointed; and such Trustees so elected and appointed shall be and they are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing this Act as if they had been appointed in and by this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Election of Trustee named in this Act, or to be appointed as aforesaid, or in n Trus-Manner hereinafter mentioned, shall become by Bankruptcy or Insol- tec"-vency, or Reduction of Property, or in any other Manner disqualified

to act, or shall die, neglect, or refuse to act, it shall be lawful to or for the surviving or remaining Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, at any Meeting of the said Trustees (of the Time and Place of which Meeting Notice shall have been inserted Once in some public Newspaper printed or circulated in the Neighbourhood through which the said Road and Branch of Road pass, and also affixed on all and every Turnpike Gates then erected on the said Road and Branch of Road, at least Ten Days previously to such Meeting,) to elect and appoint one other Person or Persons to be a Trustee or Trustees in the Room of such Trustee or Trustees so disqualified to act, dying, or neglecting or refusing to act as aforesaid, and every Person so to be elected and appointed (being qualified as hereinafter mentioned) shall be and he is hereby empowered to act in the Execution of this Act, in as full and ample Manner to all Intents and Purposes as the Trustee in whose Room or Stead he shall be so elected could or might have done.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person Qualification shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act of Trustees, unless he shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in

the actual Possession or Receipt of Rents and Profits of Freehold or Copyhold Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, situate in the said County Palatine of Chester, of the clear Yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, or be possessed of or entitled to a Personal Estate of the Value of Four thousand Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person who shall be in the actual Possession or Receipt of Freehold or Copyhold Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be situate as aforesaid, of the clear Yearly Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds; nor shall any such Person be capable of acting in the Execution of this Act, not being such Heir Apparent as aforesaid, (save and except in administering the Oath or Affirmation following to the other Trustees,) until he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath or Affirmation following, before any Two or more of the said Trustees, who are hereby authorised and required to administer the same; that is to say.

‘I

656 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxviii.

J do swear, [or, being One of the People called Quakers, do ‘ 1 solemnly affirm,] that I truly and bona fide am, in my own Right

* [or, in the Bight of my Wife, as the Case may fe,] in the actual Possession or Enjoyment of Freeholder, Copyhold] Lands, Tenements,

* or Hereditaments, situate in the said County Palatine of Chester, of the clear Yearly Value of One hundred Pounds [or, possessed of or ‘ entitled to a personal Estate of the Amount or Value of Four thousand ‘ Pounds; [or, am Heir Apparent of A.B. who to the best of my Knowledge and Belief is in the actual Possession or Receipt of Freehold

* [or Copyhold] Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear

* yearly value of One hundred and fifty Pounds; ] and that I will 1 truly, faithfully, and impartially act in the Execution of the Trusts and Powers reposed in me by virtue of an Act passed in the First

Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act

([here set foi'th the Title of this Act], So help me GOD.

And if any Person not being so qualified shall act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and every such Person so sued or prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty without any other Proof on the Part of the Plaintiff or Prosecutor than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act; provided nevertheless, that all Acts and Proceedings of any Person or Persons acting as a Trustee or Trustees in the Execution of this Act, (although not duly qualified as aforesaid,) previously to his or their being convicted of the said Offence, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as good, valid, and effectual as if such Person or Persons had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

versons V. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons holding any appointed or to be appointed a Trustee or Trustees for putting this Place of Pro- Act into Execution, who shall have or accept of any Place or Office fit not to act of profit arising out of or by reason of any Tolls or Duty by this as 1 rustees. granted, or who shall be interested or concerned in any Contract or Contracts, or a Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers of the Tolls granted by this Act, shall be capable of acting as a Trustee or Trustees in the Execution of this Act.

Victuallers,

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person &c. incapa- or Persons who shall keep any Victualling-house, Ale-house or other ble of acting. House of public Entertainment, or who shall keep or drive any Post Horses or Post Chaise or Stage Coach, or the Partner or Partners of any Person or Persons who shall keep or drive any Post Horses or Post Chaise or Stage Coach, or who shall sell any Wine, Cider, Beer, Ale, Spirituous or other strong Liquors by retail, shall be capable of acting as a Trustee, Or of taking, holding or enjoying any Place or

Places

Penalty on acting not being qualified.

All Acts of Trustees done before Conviction

15

657

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxviii.

Places of Trust or Profit under the said Trustees, or of collecting the Tolls hereby granted and made payable, and to be collected on the said Road and Branch of Road, during such Time as he, she, or they shall keep such Victualling-house, Ale-house or other House of public Entertainment, or shall keep or drive such Post Horses or Post Chaise or Stage Coach, or shall sell any Wine, Cider, Beer, Ale, Spirituous or other strong Liquors by retail; but no such Person shall be precluded from farming such Tolls, provided he, she, or they employ a Person to collect such Tolls who shall not be under any such Incapacity.

VII. And be it further enacted, That such of the Trustees as Trustees are or shall be Justices of the Peace, shall and may, in their respective may act as Jurisdictions, and they are hereby empowered to act as Justices ofj; "8^*8 the Peace in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being where inte-Trustees, except only in such Cases where he or they shall be per- rested, sonally interested; and that no Mortgagee or Assignee of any Mortgagee Mortgage or other Security, or any Lender of Money upon the or Assignee Credit of any of the Tolls granted by this Act, or receiving Interest ay act as a for the same, shall on that Account be deemed disqualified to act as a Trustee‘ Trustee.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That for putting this Act in Exe- First Meet-cution the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may ing of Trus" and they are hereby required to meet at the Unicorn Inn, if then tee8' open, and if not, then at some other convenient House or Place in

the Town of Altrincham aforesaid, on the Third Monday next after the passing of this Act, at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, to proceed to the Execution of this Act, and shall then adjourn themselves, and from Time to Time afterwards meet at and adjourn again to the Unicom Inn aforesaid, or to such other Place or Places as they, or any Five or more of them, shall think most convenient, when and as often as it shall be necessary for putting this Act into Execution; and if it shall happen that at any such Meeting there shall not appear Clerk to call a sufficient Number of Trustees to proceed in the Execution of this On^Tfustee Act, or to adjourn to another Day (One Trustee being deemed suffi- does not at-cient for the Purpose of Adjournment only), or in case the Trustees tend or omit at any Time assembled shall omit or neglect to adjourn themselves, the to adj°urn-Clerk to the said Trustees shall from Time to Time in either of such Cases, by Notice in Writing, to be affixed on all the Turnpike Gates or Toll Gates then erected on the said Road and Branch of Road in pursuance of this Act, and also inserted Once in some public Newspaper printed or circulated in the Neighbourhood through which the said Road and Branch of Road pass, at least Ten Days before the next Meeting, appoint the Trustees to meet at the House where the last Meeting was held, or was to have been held, on such Day as shall be specified in such Notice, not exceeding Three Calendar Months after the Day on which such last Meeting was held, or was to have been held; and in case the Clerk to the said Trustees shall refuse or IfCIerkshal! neglect to give Notice, or shall by any Means be prevented from omit or giving Notice as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any Five more of the said Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting Meeting \_Local.~\ 8 D held Trustees may do it.

658 l° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxviii.

held pursuant to this Act, at any Time or Times after the Space of Ten Days after such Refusal, Neglect or Prevention of such Clerk, by Notice in Writing under their Hands, to be affixed and inserted in Manner aforesaid, to appoint the Trustees to meet at the House where the last Meeting was held, or was appointed to be held, or some other convenient House upon the Day Fortnight after the Date of such last-mentioned Notice; but no Business shall be done or proceeded upon by the said Trustees at any Meeting to be held under Meeting. this Act before the Hour of Ten in the Forenoon; and no Adjournment shall be made to or any Meeting appointed to be held at any Hour later than Four in the Afternoon of the Day on which such Trustees to Meeting shall be appointed to be held; and the said Trustees at all pay their own their Meetings shall defray their own Expences; and all Acts, Orders pences. an(j Proceedings relating to this Act, which are directed to be had, made, done or exercised by or before the said Trustees, shall and may be had, made, done and exercised by or before any Five or more of them (except in such Cases where any other Number is herein mentioned); and all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings had, made or done by or before such Five Trustees shall have the same Force and Effect, and be as binding and conclusive on all Persons, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were had, made, done or executed by or Orders to be before all the said Trustees: Provided always, that no Order or made at Proceedings shall be or be deemed to be valid unless made or had at onfv^and a Meeting held in pursuance of this Act (except as herein is particu-FiveTrus- larly mentioned,) nor unless there shall be present at such Meeting tees concur. Five Trustees at the least, nor unless the Majority of the Trustees Orders not to present at a Meeting shall concur therein; nor shall any such Order be revoked or Proceeding be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless Notice uniess Notice in Writing, specifying the Alteration or Revocation tent ion to proposed to be made, be affixed upon the Turnpike Gates or Toll revoke such Gates as aforesaid, and also inserted in some public Newspaper Orders, and printed or circulated in the Neighbourhood through which the said a Majority, j^oa(j atl(j Branch of Road pass, at least Fifteen Days before such Five! consent subsequent Meeting, nor unless a Majority of the Trustees present thereto. at such subsequent Meeting, such Majority to consist of Five Trustees at the least, shall concur in such Revocation or Alteration; and at every Meeting of the said Trustees a Chairman shall and may be appointed; and when and as often as it shall happen that there shall be an Equality of Votes at any such Meeting upon any Question (including the Vote of the Chairman), then and in every such Case the Chairman shall have and he is hereby empowered to give the decisive or casting Vote.

Meetings on

IX. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of Emergen- the said Trustees it shall at any Time be thought necessary that an cies. earlier Day of Meeting should be appointed than the Day appointed

by such Adjournment, in that Case the Clerk to the said Trustees, upon an Order in Writing signed by Three or more of the acting Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting, mentioning the Time, Place and Purpose of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice thereof in the Manner before directed, and of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees (such Time not being less than Ten Days after such Notice,) and such

earlier

l° GEORGII IV. Ctyi.xxviii. 659

earlier Meeting shall and may be held accordingly; and all the Proceedings of the Trustees at such earlier Meetings shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in case such Meetings had been held in pursuance of Adjournment.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall cause Proceedings to be provided and kept a proper Book or Books, and fair and regular Entries to be made therein, of all their Acts, Orders and Proceedings relative to the Execution of this Act, and of the Names

of the Trustees who shall be present at their several Meetings, and all Entries in such Book or Books being signed by the Chairman then present shall be deemed Originals, and shall be allowed to be read in Evidence in all Cases, Suits, Actions, Prosecutions and Proceedings touching or concerning any Thing done in pursuance of this Act; and that such Book or Books shall at all seasonable Times be open and liable to the Inspection of all and every the said Trustees, and of the Creditors on the Tolls hereby granted and made payable, and that any of the said Trustees and Creditors shall and may have and take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy not exceeding One hundred Words the Sum of Sixpence, and so in Proportion for any greater Number of Words.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Accounts to Five or more of them, shall and they are hereby required, from *le of Time to Time and at all Times during the Continuance of this Act, Disburse to order and direct a Book or Books to be provided and kept by ments, which their Clerk for the Time being, in which Book or Books such Clerk shall be open shall enter or cause to be entered, true and regular Accounts of all 10 i, :l; In' f Sums of Money received, paid, laid out and expended for or on ^Trustees Account of the said Hoad and Branch of Road, and of the several and Cre-Articles, Matters and Things for which such Sums of Money shall ditore. have been disbursed, laid out and paid, which Book or Books shall at

all seasonable Times be open to the Inspection of the said Trustees, or any Creditor or Creditors on the Tolls hereby granted, without Fee or Reward; and the said Trustees and Creditors, or any of them, shall and may take Copies of and Extracts from the said Book or Books, or any Part or Parts thereof, without paying any thing for the same; and in case the said Clerk shall not permit, or shall refuse to permit, the said Trustees or such Creditors, or any of them, to inspect the same, or to take such Copies or Extracts as aforesaid, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied and recovered in Manner hereinafter mentioned.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Trustees Five or more of them, shall and may at their First or any subsequent m»yaPPoint Meetings, as Occasion shall require, by Writing under their Hands, Officers' elect and appoint a Clerk, Surveyor or Surveyors, Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors of the Tolls

hereby granted, and other Officers respectively, as they shall think proper; and that the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may from Time to Time remove such Clerk, Treasurers,

Receivers, Collectors, Surveyors and other Officers, or any of them, as they shall see Occasion, and from Time to Time appoint others in

the

660 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxviii.

the Room of such of them as shall be so removed, or as shall die or resign, or refuse or neglect to perform, or become incapable of per-Officers to forming their Duty; and the said Clerk, Treasurers, Receivers, Col-accouDt. lectors, Surveyors and other Officers, and all other Persons who shall be employed in the Receipt or Expenditure of any of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, shall from Time to Time, as often as they shall be called upon for that Purpose, produce and give unto such Trustees true and perfect Accounts in Writing under their respective Hands of all the Monies which shall have been by them respectively collected or received, and how and to what Uses the same have been paid and applied, together with proper Receipts and Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their Hands to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons, or to such Uses or Purposes as the said Trustees Proceedings or any Five or more of them shall direct and appoint; and if any of against Offi- the said Officers or other Persons shall refuse to give such Account toaccomito?or Accounts as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver to the said Trus-deliver tees the Receipts and Vouchers relating to the same, or to pay any Books, &c. Sum or Sums of Money which shall appear to remain in his or their Hands, or shall not deliver to the said Trustees within Fourteen Days next after having been thereunto required as aforesaid all the Books, Papers, and Writings in his or their Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, then and in any of the said Cases it shall be lawful for any One or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such Officer or other Person shall reside, and such Justice or Justices is or are hereby authorised and required to make Enquiry concerning such Default in a summary Way, as well by Confession of the Parties themselves as by the Testimony of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath the said Justice and Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to administer without any Fee or Reward,) and if any such Person shall be thereof convicted, such Justice or Justices shall commit the Party to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County or Place aforesaid, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account, and shall have delivered up all such Books, Papers and Writings as aforesaid, or given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees; and in case any of the said Officers or other Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay any Sum or Sums of Money which shall appear to remain in his or their Hands, it shall be lawful for any One or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such Person or Persons shall reside to make Enquiry touching such Neglect or Refusal in a summary Way in Manner as aforesaid, and by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to cause such Sums of Money as shall appear to him or them to be due and unpaid, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons, rendering the Overplus (if any) after the Money remaining due and the Charges of making such Distress and Sale shall be deducted unto the Party on whom such Distress or Distresses shall be made; and if sufficient Distress cannot be found, then the said Justice or Justices shall commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County or Place aforesaid, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he or they shall have 15 paid

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxviii. 661

paid over such Money in Manner as aforesaid, or compounded for Trustees the same, and paid such Composition Money to the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or to such Person as they or any Five or officer^ more of them shall appoint to receive the same; which Composition the said Trustees respectively or any Five or more of them at any Meeting are hereby empowered to make: Provided always, that no Person shall by virtue of this Act be committed for Want of sufficient Distress for any longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not clerk not be lawful for the said Trustees to appoint the Person or Persons who to act as may be appointed to act as their Clerk in the Execution of this Act, Jnrjav6^ger' or the Partner of any such Clerk, the Treasurer for the Purposes of versa. this Act, or to appoint the Person or Persons who may be appointed Treasurer or Treasurers, or the Partner or Partners of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, the Clerk to the said Trustees; and if any Person

shall act in both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer or Treasurers shall act as Clerk in the Execution of this Act, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster by Action of Debt or on] the Case, or by Bill, Suit or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That as often as any Collector or Trustees to Collectors of the Tolls shall die, or shall grossly neglect or become in- appoint tem-capable of performing his Duty, or shall absent himself or abscond,

any Three or more of the said Trustees, though not assembled at Charge those a Meeting of the said Trustees appointed by virtue of this Act, misbehaving* shall and may lawfully discharge such Collector or Receiver so ne- and appoint glecting, or being incapable of performing his Duty, or absconding, or absenting himself, and shall and may also nominate and appoint a Meeting, proper Person to be a Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls, to continue until the then next Meeting of the said Trutees, in the Stead of such Collector or Receiver as shall so die or be discharged; and such Person so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner, in all Respects, as the Person in whose Place he was appointed, or the Representatives of such Person were or would have been; and if any Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls who shall be discharged from his said Office by the said Trustees, or the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children, Family or other Representatives of any Collector or Receiver who shall die or be discharged, or any other Person, shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of any Toll House or Building erected or being in and upon the said Road or Branch of Road by virtue of this Act, for the Space of Four Days after Demand thereof made, and Notice in Writing given for that Purpose by any Three or more of the said Trustees, although not at a Meeting, or by their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being, then and in any of the said Cases it [Local.] 8 E shall

662 r: GEORGir IV. Cap. xxnn.

shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County Palatine of Chester, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to orderi any Constable or other Peace Officer for the same County, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such House or Building in the Day-time, and to remove the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his or their Goods out of the same, and to put the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or their new appointed Officer into the Possession thereof.

Trustees

XV. And be it further enacted, That out of the Tolls to be col-may allow lected by virtue of this Act, such Allowances shall be made to the

Salaries. Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and to the said Clerk, Treasurer

or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Surveyor or Surveyors, and to such other Persons as shall be assisting in and about the Execution of this Act, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall order and direct.

Treasurers,

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said &c. to give Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall take such Security from

"c ' y‘ their Treasurers, Clerk, Collectors of the Tolls, and other Officers,

for the due Execution of their respective Offices and accounting for the Money received by them, as to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall seem meet.

Actionstobe

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue brought in and be sued in the Name of any one of them, or in the Name or Names the Name of of tjjejr Treasurer or Treasurers, or Clerk, and no Action shall abate orecifirkSUrer or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of the Person in whose who are not Name or against whom the same shall be brought or commenced, to be per- nor by the Act of such Person or Persons done, without the Consent t(Tcostsiable ^ie sa*^ Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at a Meeting to 0 °s s’ be holden in pursuance of this Act -r but no Trustee, Treasurer, Clerk, or any of them, shall be subject to the Payment of any Debt, Costs, or Expences on account thereof, but all such Debt, Costs and Expences shall be defrayed out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act, or to be collected or received by the said Trustees under or by virtue hereof.

Trustees

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said T&nHSCt Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time to erect o ouses. set Up, or caugg to ke erecfce(i an(j set up, such and so many Turnpikes or Toll Gates in, upon, or across or on the Side or Sides of any Part or Parts of the said Road and Branch of Road, and across any Lane or Way leading into, from, or out of the same respectively, and also such Toll Houses, Cranes, Weighing Machines, or Engines as they shall think necessary, with suitable Outbuildings thereto, and from Time to Time afterwards to remove, alter or discontinue such Turnpikes, Toll Gates, Toll Houses, Cranes, Weighing Machines or Engines, or any of them, as they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them* shall think expedient; and also to inclose from the said Road and Branch of Road and any Waste Grounds thereunto adjoining convenient Garden Spots to the said Toll Houses,

not

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxviii. 663

not exceeding in the Whole One Eighth Part of a Statute Acre For each Toll House, as they may judge proper.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Turnpikes or Toll Gates and Toll Houses, Cranes, Weighing Machines, Engines, and other Erections and Buildings, and the several Conveniences and Appurtenances thereto belonging, to be erected or provided in or upon the same Road and Branch of Road, and the Materials for building or altering the same, and all Materials and Things which shall be provided, collected, or made use of for repairing the said Road and Branch of Road, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and they or any Five or more of them are hereby authorised and empowered to sell and dispose of the same as they shall think proper; and to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions in the Name of their Clerk, or to prefer and prosecute or cause to be preferred and prosecuted, at the Expence of the Revenues of the said Road and Branch of Road, any Bill or Bills of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall steal, take, carry away, break down, or damage the same, or any Part thereof, or disturb them or their Agents or Servants in the Possession of the same, or any Part thereof, in which Bill or Bills of Indictment it shall be sufficient to state generally such Articles, Matters and Things to be the Property of the Clerk for the Time being to the said Trustees.

XX. And be it further enacted, That there shall be demanded and taken at every Turnpike Gate or Toll Gate so to be erected in, upon, or across or on the Side or Sides of the said Road and Branch of Road respectively, or across any Lane or Way leading into, from or out of the said Road or the said Branch of Road, such Tolls as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time direct or appoint, not exceeding the respective Tolls following, by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, before any Horse or other Cattle or Beast, Coach, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage shall be permitted to pass through the same on any Day in the Week; (that is to say),

At every Turnpike or Toll Gate so to be erected in, upon, Tolls upon across, or on the bide of the said Road, or across any Lane or Way the Road, leading into, from, or out of the same, (except the said Branch of Road; )

For every Horse or Beast of Draught drawing any Coach, Berlin, Tolls. Landau, Phaeton, Chaise, Hearse, Calash, or other such Carriage with Four Wheels, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse or Beast of Draught drawing any Curricle, Chaise,

Chair, or other such Carriage with Two Wheels, the Sum of Sixpence: nU

For every Horse or Beast of Draught drawing any Waggon, Wain, or other such Carriage with Four Wheels, the Fellies of such Wheels being of the Breadth of Nine Inches, or of a greater Breadth than Six Inches from Side to Side at the Bottom or Sole thereof, when there shall be Seven or more Horses or Beasts of Draught, the

Sum

Turnpikes, Toll Houses, &c. vested in Trustees.

Tolls to be demanded and taken.

664 r GEORGII IV. Cap. xxviii.

Sum of Eight-pence; when there shall be Six or less Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse or Beast of Draught drawing any Waggon, Wain, or other such Carriage with Four Wheels, the Fellies of such Wheels being of the Breadth of Six Inches from Side to Side at the Bottom or Sole thereof, when there shall be Five or more Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and when there shall be Four Horses or Beasts of Draught the Sum of Nine-pence; and when there shall be only Two or Three Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Eight-pence:

For every Horse or Beast of Draught drawing any Waggon, Wain, or other such Carriage with Four Wheels, the Fellies of such Wheels being of a less Breadth than Six Inches from Side to Side at the Bottom or Sole thereof, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Horse or Beast of Draught drawing any Cart, Wain, or other such Carriage with Two Wheels, the Fellies of such Wheels being of the Breadth of Nine Inches from Side to Side at the Bottom or Sole thereof, when there shall be Three or more Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence; and when there shall be only Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence: For every Horse or Beast of Draught drawing any Cart, Wain, or other such Carriage with Two Wheels, the Fellies of such Wheels being of less Breadth than Nine Inches, and exceeding Six Inches in Breadth from Side to Side at the Bottom or Sole thereof, when there shall be Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence; when there shall be Three or Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse or Beast of Draught drawing any Cart, Wain, or other such Carriage with Two Wheels, the Fellies of such Wheels being of the Breadth of Six Inches from Side to Side at the Bottom or Sole thereof, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse or Beast of Draught drawing any Cart, Wain, or other such Carriage with Two Wheels, the Fellies of such Wheels being of less Breadth than Six Inches from Side to Side at the Bottom or Sole thereof, when there shall be Two or more Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence; and when there shall be only One Horse or Beast of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Single Horse or Beast of Draught drawing any Cart, Wain, or other such Carriage with Two Wheels, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mule or Ass, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Drove of Oxen or neat Cattle, the Sum of Three Shillings and Four-pence per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, or Swine, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

Upon the And at every Turnpike or Toll Gate so to be erected in, upon. Branch of across or on the Side or Sides of the said Branch of Road, or Road. across any Lane or Way leading into, from, or out of the same, a Toll *7 or

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxviii. 665

or Tolls equal to Half only of the Toll or Tolls hereby authorized and directed to be paid at any Turnpike or Toll Gate so to be erected in, upon, across or on the Side of the said Road, or across any Lane or Way leading into, from, or out of the same: Provided always, that in all Cases where in computing such Half Toll as aforesaid there shall be a fractional Part of a Halfpenny, then the Sum of One Halfpenny shall and may be demanded and taken in lieu of such fractional Part.

XXI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That No more than nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to Hatffor empower the said Trustees to demand or take more than Two full passing along Tolls and a Half for the going and returning of the same Horse or the Whole ot other Cattle or Beast drawing any Carriage, or not drawing, through the Road all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates to be erected as aforesaid, in, upon,

across, or on the Side or Sides of the said Road and Branch of Road, or across any Lane or Way leading into, from or out of the same respectively, on the same Day (such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night.)

XXII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act con- No more tained shall extend or be construed to extend to empower the said than One full Trustees to demand or take more than One full Toll for the going in°

and returning of the same Horse or other Cattle or Beast drawing the easterly any Carriage, or not drawing, through all the Turnpikes or Toll End of the Gates to be erected as aforesaid, in, upon, across, or on the Side or Road and the Sides of the said Road, or across any Lane or Way leading into, from, tr°ndiam; or out of the same, between the Easterly End thereof and the said Town of Altrincham, on the same Day, (to be computed as aforesaid,) nor more than One full Toll for the going and returning of the same Jownof Horse or other Cattle or Beast drawing any Carriage, or not Altrincham drawing, through all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates to be erected as and thewes-aforesaid, in, upon, across, or on the Side or Sides of the said Road, of

or across any Lane or Way leading into, from, or out of the same 1 e oa ' between the said Town of Altrincham and the Westerly End of the said Road, on the same Day (to be computed as aforesaid).

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained No more

shall extend or be construed to extend to empower the said Trustees One to demand or take more than One Half of a full Toll by this Act Tollforpass-

authorized to be taken at each of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates to ing on the

be erected as aforesaid, in, upon, or across, or on the Side or Sides of Branch of the said Road, or across any Lane or Way leading into, from, or out

of the same, for the going and returning of the same Horse or other Cattle or Beast drawing any Carriage, or not drawing, through all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates to be erected as aforesaid, in, upon, across, or on the Side or Sides of the said Branch of Road, or any

Lane or Way leading into, from, or out of the same on the same Day

(to be computed as aforesaid).

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act No Toll for contained shall extend or be construed to extend to empower the said passing along

[X«wi] 8 F ' Trusteesthc Brimch

666 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxviii.

of Road after Trustees to demand or take any Toll whatsoever for the going and afullToUfor returning the same Horse, Cattle or other Beast, drawing any passing on Carriage, or not drawing, on the same Day, (to be computed as afore-the Road, said) through all or any of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates to be erected as aforesaid, in, upon, or across, or on the Side or Sides of the said Branch of Road, or across any Lane or Way leading into, from, or out of the same, in case such Horse or other Cattle or Beast shall have passed through all or any of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates to be erected as aforesaid, in, upon, across, or on the Side or Sides of the said Road, or any Lane or Way leading into, from, or out of the same, and in respect of which Horse or other Cattle or Beast, the Amount of a full Toll shall have been paid at any of such last-mentioned Turnpikes or Toll Gates.

Persons

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and fuIl TofTo every Person and Persons having paid the full Toll hereby authorized return Toll to be taken at any Turnpike or Toll Gate erected or to be erected free. on any Part of the said Road or Branch of Road, or on the Sides thereof respectively, for any Horse or other Cattle or Beast drawing any Carriage, or not drawing as aforesaid, shall, upon producing a Note or Ticket, or Notes or Tickets, denoting such Payment, be permitted to return Toll free the same Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night, with the same Horse or other Cattle or Beast drawing any Carriage, or not drawing, in respect of which he shall have paid the Toll through all or any of the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates on the same Road and Branch of Road, or on the No Toll for Sides thereof respectively, except for any Horse or other Cattle or Carriages geast drawing any Waggon or Cart which shall be laden, both going both Ways. and returning, in which Case such Person or Persons shall be liable to pay Toll for such Horse or other Cattle or Beast when returning, in like Manner as he or they would have been liable to pay for the same in case the same had not before passed through such Turnpike or Toll Gate on the same Day; and no Waggon, Cart or other such Carriage shall be deemed to be laden unless the Lading therein or thereon, when consisting of Flour or Meal returning from the Mill after having been ground to be laid up in the House or Outbuildings of the Owner of such Flour or Meal, shall be of the Weight of Seven hundred and twenty Pounds Avoirdupois Weight, or upwards, or unless the Lading in all other Cases shall be of the Weight of Two hundred and forty Pounds Avoirdupois Weight, or upwards.

Carriages to

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Xing and shall or &° a Time on the same Day with any Horse

repassing, or other Cattle or Beast drawing any Carriage, or not drawing, through all or any of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates to be erected by virtue of this Act, then every such Person or Persons shall be liable and compellable again to pay the Tolls and Duties hereby imposed on such Horse or other Cattle or Beast drawing any Carriage, or not drawing, in such and the same Manner as he, she, or they are and would have been liable to pay the same, in case he, she or they had not before on the same Day paid any Tolls, or passed through any of the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates.

XXVII. Pro.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxviii 66?

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Tolls Stage hereby granted shall be paid for and in respect of all Horses or p°gtcchaises Mules drawing any Stage Coach every Time they shall pass or re- to pay eacj, pass through any Turnpike or Toll Gate to be erected by virtue of Time of this Act, and for and in respect of all Horses or Mules travelling Post passing.

or for Hire and drawing any Post Chaise or other Carriage every Time they shall pass or repass through any such Turnpike or Toll Gate, and the Driver thereof shall deliver a Ticket denoting a fresh Hiring.

XXVIII. And whereas it may frequently happen that Carts drawn One-Horse

by one Horse passing upon and along the said Road and Branch of e

Road will carry a greater Weight than is by Law allowed for Carts

drawn by Two or more Horses; be it therefore further enacted.

That all Carts passing along the said Road or Branch of Road, drawn by one Horse only, shall and may be weighed at any Machine to be erected on the said Road or Branch of Road; and that in case the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall so order and direct, the like additional Sums or Tolls as are payable by virtue of any Law or Laws now in force for the Overweight of any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, and the Loading thereon, shall and may be demanded and taken by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or their Collector or Collectors, in respect of Carts drawn by One Horse only, and which with the Loading thereon shall exceed the Weights hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say). Carts having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches, Two Tons and Twelve hundred Weight, of One hundred and twenty Pounds to the Hundred, in Summer, and Two Tons and Seven hundred Weight, of One hundred and twenty Pounds to the Hundred, in Winter; and Carts having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of less Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches,

One Ton and Ten hundred Weight, of One hundred and Twenty Pounds to the Hundred, in Summer, and One Ton and Seven hundred Weight, of One hundred and twenty Pounds to the Hundred, in Winter; and that all the Powers, Regulations, and Penalties now in force relating to the weighing of Waggons, Carts and other Carriages drawn by more than One Horse shall be applicable to Carts passing on the said Road or Branch of Road drawn by One Horse only, and to the Drivers, Masters and Owners thereof.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Waggons, Carts or Abatement other Carriages having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Widths and of T?, s in Descriptions, and the Axletrees fixed as mentioned and set forth in £ertam and by an Act made in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late LasCb' Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to enable the Trustees of Turnpike Roads to abate the Tolls on Carriages, and to

allow of their carrying extra Weights in certain Cases, shall be entitled to an Abatement of One Fourth Part of the Tolls hereby granted.

XXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person Persons shall be subject or liable to the Payment of any Toll more than once carrying in the same Day lor any Horse or other Cattle or Beast laden with or

drawing once a Day.

668 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxviii.

drawing any Carriage laden wholly with Milk, Butter, Whey, Buttermilk or Curds, or for the Return of any such Horse or other Cattle or Beast drawing any Carriage, or not drawing, conveying the empty Cans in which such Milk, Butter, Whey, Buttermilk or Curds shall have been conveyed, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Trustees to

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Tickets de sa^ Tolls the Collector or Receiver thereof shall and he is hereby noting Pay- re(luired to deliver gratis, to the Person paying such Toll, a Note or ment of 3 Ticket denoting such Payment, and which Note or Ticket shall be Tolls. provided by the said Trustees, and there shall be printed and specified thereon the Names of the several and respective Turnpikes or Toll Gates freed by such Payment.

Upon Re-

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons ment°of *y" su^ject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall after Demand Tolls, Col- thereof made neglect or refuse, either in Person or by his, her, or lector may their Servant or Servants, to pay the same Tolls, or any Part thereof, distrain upon shall lawful for the Person or Persons appointed as aforesaid any orse, copect such Tolls to seize, distrain, detain and keep any Horse or Horses or other Cattle, or any Harness or Accoutrements belonging to the same, but not the Bridle or Reins separate from such Ilorse or other Beast, or any Carriage, or any Goods in any Carriage of or belonging to the same Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, or a sufficient Part thereof; and if such Tolls, and all Arrears of Tolls theretofore due from the same Person or Persons, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure or Distress, shall not be paid within the Space of Four Days next after such Seizure made, the Person or Persons so distraining shall and may sell and dispose of the Horse or Horses, Cattle, Harness, Accoutrements, Carriage or Goods so distrained, returning the Overplus (if any) on Demand, to the Owner thereof, after such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges occasioned by such Distress and Sale, shall be paid.

Settling

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall Disputes happen about the Amount of the Tolls due, or the Charges of making, concerning keeping, or selling any Distress, it shall be lawful for the Collector or Tolls. Person distraining to retain such Distress, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof, until the Amount of the Tolls due, and the Charges of the Distress and Sale, and of keeping the Distress, shall be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the County, Liberty or Place where such Dispute shall arise, who on Application made to him for that Purpose shall examine the Matter on Oath of the Parties, or other Witness or Witnesses, and shall determine the Amount of the Tolls due, and shall award such Costs and Charges to either Party as to the said Justice shall appear right and proper; all which Costs and Charges shall and may be levied and recovered, in case of Non-payment thereof forthwith, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons liable to pay the same, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering the Overplus (if any) of the Money to be raised or levied under such Warrant, on Demand, after deducting the Costs and Charges of such last-mentioned Warrant and 15 of

1° GEORGII IV. Cajp.xxviii.

of executing the same, to the Party against whom such Costs and Charges shall be so awarded j and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, and such Costs and Charges shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for the said Justice, or any other Justice of the Peace for the County, Liberty, or Place where such Dispute as aforesaid shall arise, and he is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Party against whom such Costs and Charges shall be so awarded to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the said County Palatine of Chester, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Costs and Charges and all further reasonable Costs and Charges shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

669

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute or of j I

Litigation shall arise touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls, incompetent j the Person or Persons appointed to collect the same, or any other Witnesses. 1 Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute,

Suit, or Litigation, by reason of his, her, or their being the Taker of or appointed to collect such Tolls, or by reason of his, her, or their acting under the Authority of the said Trustees, or of the Taker of such Tolls.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Toll Toll Col-Collector appointed either by the said Trustees, or any Five or more lectors to put j

of them, or by any Lessee or Lessees under them, to collect the Tolls "f their. payable at any Turnpike or Toll Gate to be erected by virtue of this ame8' c‘

Act, shall and he is hereby required to place his Christian and Surname, painted on a Board, in legible Characters in the Front or on some other conspicuous Part of the Toll House or Turnpike or Toll Gate immediately upon his coming on Duty, each of the Letters of such Name or Names to be at least Two Inches in Length, and of a Breadth in Proportion, and painted either in White Letters on a Black Ground or Black Letters on a White Ground, and shall continue the same so placed during the whole Time he shall be upon such Duty; and if any Collector of the said Tolls shall not place such Board as aforesaid, and keep the same there during the Time aforesaid, or shall demand or take a greater or less Toll from any Person or Persons than he shall be authorised to do by virtue of the Powers of this Act, or shall demand or take a Toll from any Person or Persons who shall be exempt from the Payment thereof and claim such Exemption, or shall refuse to permit or suffer, or shall in anywise hinder, any Person or Persons from reading such Christian or Surname, or shall refuse to tell his Christian or Surname to any Person or Persons who shall demand the same on having paid the said Tolls or any of them, or shall give a false Name or Names on such Demand, or shall refuse or neglect to give a Ticket denoting the Payment of the Toll, and naming and specifying the several Turnpikes or Toll Gates freed by such Payment, or shall make Use of any scurrilous or blasphemous Language to any Person or Persons travelling upon the said Road or Branch of Road, or shall without sufficient Cause detain or delay any Person or Persons travelling thereon, or on either of them,

670 P GEORGII IV. Cap. xxviii.

then and in every such Case every such Collector shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every such Offence, as the Justice or Justices before whom the Information shall be laid shall adjudge; and such Penalty shall be recovered and applied as other Penalties are by this Act directed to be recovered and applied.

Trustees

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be the^ToIls lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, (at any Meeting whereof Fourteen Days* Notice shall have been given in Writing affixed upon all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates then erected upon the said Road and Branch of Road, and inserted in some public Newspaper printed or circulated in the Neighbourhood through which the said Road and Branch of Road pass) from Time to Time to let to farm, or agree to let to farm, all or any of the Tolls arising by virtue of this Act for any Term not exceeding Three Years upon public Bidding, or upon Failure thereof by private Contract, for the best Price that can be gotten for the same, payable at such Times, to such Person or Persons, under such Conditions and Agreements, and with such Sureties for the Payment thereof, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit, and the Money arising thereby shall be applied in such Manner as the Tolls under this Act are directed to be applied, any Thing in any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and the Renter or Renters of such Tolls, and their Collectors, shall have the same Powers and Authorities as are vested in the Collectors hereinbefore mentioned for all the Purposes of this Act; and such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, shall have such and the like Powers and Authorities of appointing any Collectors of the Tolls and dismissing them for Misbehaviour or Neglect of Duty, of recovering the Tolls received by such Collector and of obtaining Possession of the Toll Gates and Houses, as are by this Act given to the said Trustees.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That during such Times as the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be let or agreed to be let to any Person or Persons whatsoever, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Farmer or Taker, Farmers or Takers thereof, or such other Person or Persons as he or they shall by Writing or Writings under his or their Hand or Hands authorize and appoint, to demand and take the same Tolls, with the like Powers for Recovery thereof, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as any Collector of the said Tolls appointed by the said Trustees is hereby authorized and empowered to demand, take, and recover the same, and such Farmer or Taker, Farmers or Takers, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall be subject to the like Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, and shall be liable to the like Actions and Prosecutions, as any Collector of the said Tolls appointed by the said Trustees is subject or liable to.

Exempting

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Toll Royal Fami- shall be demanded or taken for or in respect of any Horse or other ly from Tolls. Cattle or Beast drawing any Carriage, or not drawing, attending His Majesty or any of the Royal Family.

Lessees and Persons appointed by them may collect the Tolls.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxviri. 671

XXXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Toll shall Exemptions be demanded or taken for any Horse or other Cattle or Beast drawing frotn ToIls* any Carriage laden with, or going empty or unladen for, or returning the same Day empty or unladen, after having been laden with Stone,

Bricks, Lime, Gravel, or other Materials for making and repairing the said Road or Branch of Road, or for repairing the Highways in any of the Townships or Places through which any Parts of the said Road or Branch of Road lead; nor for any Horse or other Cattle or Beast drawing any Carriage laden with, or going empty or unladen for, or returning the same Day empty or unladen, after having been laden only with Lime, Lime-Ashes, Marl, Muck, Dung, Compost, or other Manure to be employed in Husbandry, or for any Horse or other Cattle or Beast drawing any Carriage, or not drawing, employed in carrying or conveying Hay or Corn in the Straw, not sold or disposed of, or going to be sold or disposed of, but to be laid up in the respective Houses, Outhouses, or Yards of the respective Owners thereof; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for any Ploughs,

Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry passing in order to the using or repairing the same, or any other Thing employed in Husbandry in the several Townships through which the said Road or Branch of Road pass; nor for any Horse or other Cattle or Beast going to or from Water, Pasture, or Plough, or other Tillage or Work in Husbandry, upon or within any of the Lands within such Townships, or either of them j nor for any Horse or other Cattle or Beast belonging to any Inhabitant of any of the Townships through which the said Road or Branch of Road pass, which shall be only passing to the Smith’s Shop in such Township in order to be shod, or drawing or taking any Carriage, Plough, or Implement in Husbandry, or other Matter or Thing to the Carpenter’s Shop or Wheelwright’s Shop in such Township in order to be repaired, or for the Return of any such Horse or other Cattle or Beast unladen, or drawing any Cart or other Carriage unladen; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken of or from any Rector, Vicar, or Curate going to or returning from his own Parish Church or other Place of Divine Worship, or visiting his sick Parishioners; or from any Person or Persons going to or returning from his, her or their proper Parochial Church or Chapel, or from any Person or Persons going to or returning from his, her or their usual Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law upon Sundays, or any other Days on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; nor from any Person or Persons going to or returning from the Funeral of any Person or Persons who shall die or be buried within any of the Parishes of Stockport, Cheadle, Nor then, otherwise Northenden, Bowdon, Rosthem, Lymm, and Groppenhall, otherwise Grappenhall, and the Township of Thelwall within the Chapelry of Daresbury, all in the said County Palatine of Chester; nor for any Person or Persons going to or returning from any Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for the said County Palatine of Chester, during the Time of or on the Day before or Day alter such Election shall begin or be concluded; nor for any Horses or other Cattle or Beasts of whatsoever Description employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when

employed

672 1 GEORG IJ IV. Cap. xxviii.

employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding, such Mails or Expresses or in returning back therefrom; nor for any Horse furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning from any Place appointed for Exercise, Inspection, or Review, provided that such Person be dressed in the Uniform of his Corps, and have his Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations appointed for such Corps at the Time of claiming the Exemption:nor for the Horses or Soldiers passing who are upon their March or upon Duty, nor for Horses or other Cattle or Beasts drawing any Waggons, Wains, Carts or Carriages employed in conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or any sick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers, or for any Horse or other Cattle or Beast drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, which shall be employed in carrying or conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat, or other Public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, or returning after having been so employed; nor for Horses or other Cattle or Beasts drawing any Carriage employed in conveying Vagrants sent by legal Passes, or Prisoners sent to Gaol or House of Correction, or returning after having been so employed.

Carriages

XL. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or

conveying driving or causing to be driven any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage Stor^n provided for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or conveying any be°subject to Ordnance, Barrack or Commissariat, or other Public Stores of or Penalties for belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, Overweight, shall be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture for Overweight, nor shall any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, be stopped or detained by reason of any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen or other Beasts of Draught, but it shall be lawful for any Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, to put any Number of Horses or Oxen or other Beasts of Draught to any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Penalty on

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons evading shall ride, drive, go or pass with any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage, T°Hs. through or over any Gate, private Passage, Land, Ground, or Place lying by the Side of or near to any Part of the said Road or Branch of Road (except the Owner or Occupier of such Land or other Premises, or any of his, her or their Family, Servant, or Servants), or if any Person or Persons owning or occupying any Land, Ground or Place situate as aforesaid (the same not being a public Highway or Road to or from some Parish Church, Mill, Market Town, or Village to Village) shall knowingly or wilfully permit or suffer any Person or Persons, not being of his, her, or their Family, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, to go or pass with any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage through or over such Gate, private Passage, Land, Ground, or Place, in order or with Intent thereby to evade the Payment of the said Tolls, or any of 16 them,

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxviii. 6731

them, or any Part thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or shall deliver to or receive from any other Person or Persons (except a Collector of the Tolls) any Note or Ticket of the Day by this Act directed to be given by the Collectors or Receivers of the said Tolls, or any Note or Writing purporting to be such, for the Purpose of evading the said Tolls, or any of them, or shall forcibly or fraudulently pass through any Turnpike or Toll Gate with any Horse, Carriage, Cattle, or Beast, without Payment of Toll, or shall take off or cause to be taken off any Horse, Beast, or Cattle from any Carriage, or after having passed through any Turnpike or Gate, shall put on an additional Horse or Beast to any such Carriage, or shall leave or cause to be left upon or near to the said Road, or Branch of Road, any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, or shall unload or cause to be unladen any Goods, Merchandise, or other Things, from or out of any Carriage, with intent to evade Payment of any of the said Tolls, or if any Person claiming any Exemption from the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall refuse or decline, on Demand, to give his or her Name and Place of Residence to the Collector or Collectors of the Tolls at any Gate or Gates at which such Exemption shall be claimed, or shall give a false Name and Place of Residence, all and every such Person or Persons so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid shall for each and every Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, over and besides such Damages or Punishment as he, she, or they shall be otherwise liable to by Law.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Penalties on shall forcibly or wilfully go or pass with any Horse or other Cattle or Persons Beast drawing any Carriage, or not drawing, through the Turnpikes ^nir'ffiroKi or Toll Gates by virtue of this Act to be erected or set up, or any of the Tum-them, without paying the Toll or Tolls by this Act directed to be paid pikes, &c. for the same, or shall knowingly or designedly assault, interrupt, or obstruct any of the Collectors or Persons employed in the collecting or receiving the said Tolls, or otherwise in the Execution of his, her, or their Office or Offices of Collector or Receiver; or if any Person or Persons (not being the Owner or Owners, or Occupier or Occcupiers thereof, or any of his, her, or their Family or Servants,) shall go or pass with any Horse, Beast, or other Cattle or Beast drawing any Carriage, or not drawing, through or over any Land, Ground, or Place lying by the Side of or near to the said Road or Branch of Road, the same not being a public Highway, or if any Person or Persons owning or occupying any Land, Ground, or other Place, or private Way, shall knowingly and wilfully permit or suffer any Person or Persons (not being his, her, or their Servant or Servants, or of his, her, or their Family) to go or pass with any Horse or other Cattle or Beast drawing any Carriage, or not drawing, through or over such Land, Place, or private Way, in order or with Intent to avoid the Payment of the said Tolls or any of them, or any Part thereof, or whereby or by reason or means whereof the Payment of any of the Tolls aforesaid shall or may be evaded or avoided, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be applied as is hereinbefore directed with respect to Penalties imposed upon Offenders who knowingly or deceitfully claim [Local.] 8 H or

>74

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxviii.

or take the Benefit of Exemptions for the Tolls hereby directed to be paid.

Power of

XLIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, reducing the That the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby 0 ‘ authorized and empowered from Time to Time, if they shall think proper, to reduce or lower all or any of the several Tolls hereby granted, and to raise the same again, so as that the same do not exceed the Tolls by this Act granted, and so as such Reduction be with the Consent of the several Persons who shall be entitled to Five-sixth Parts of the Money then due upon the Credit of the said Road or Branch of Road, and secured on the Tolls intended to be reduced; but such Reduction shall not be made unless Notice in Writing of the Meeting to be holden for that Purpose be given, specifying the Toll or Tolls intended to be reduced or lowered, by affixing the same upon all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates which shall be then erected upon the said Road and Branch of Road, and also by inserting the same in some public Newspapers printed or circulated in the Neighbourhood through which the said Road and Branch of Road pass, Twenty-one Days at least previous to such Meeting, nor unless a Majority of the Trustees to be present at such Meeting, such Majority to consist of Seven Trustees at the least, shall concur in such Reduction; and such Tolls so reduced or lowered shall be collected, levied, and applied respectively, in the same Manner as the Tolls hereby granted are directed to be collected, levied, and applied respectively.

Trusteesem-

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any

powered to Seven or more of them, may and they are hereby empowered, from so^Tolls. Time to Time as they shall see convenient, to compound and agree for any Term, not exceeding One Year at any one Time, with any Person or Persons for any Horses or other Cattle or Beasts drawing any Carriage, or not drawing, passing through any of the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates, so that no such Composition shall be made for any Horse or other Cattle or Beast drawing any Carriage, or not drawing, and travelling for Hire, except for Horses or other Cattle or Beasts drawing Stage Coaches; and all such Composition Money shall be paid One Year in advance otherwise such Composition shall be void.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, by Writing signed by them, or any Five or more of them, to order all and every or any Carriage or Carriages which shall pass through any Turnpike or Toll Gate to be erected upon, across, or on the Side of the said Road or Branch of Road, or shall come upon any Part of the said Road and Branch of Road, or either of them, within the Distance of One hundred Yards from any Crane, Machine, or Engine to be erected upon, across, or on the Side of the said Road or Branch of Road, although the same Carriage or Carriages shall not have passed through any Turnpike or Toll Gate to be weighed, together with the Loading thereof} and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order any Person or Persons to receive and take, over and above the Tolls hereby granted, the several Sums of Money hereinafter mentioned, as

additional

Loaded Carts to be weighed, and Tolls to be taken for Overweight, &c.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxviii. 675

additional Tolls for the Excess of Weight which any Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, together with the Loading thereof, shall weigh at any such Crane, Machine, or Engine to be erected by virtue of this Act, ovei and above the Weights hereinafter mentioned to be allowed to each of them respectively j (that is to say,)

To every Waggon or Four-wheeled Carriage having the Fellies or Tolls for Rollers of the Wheels of the Breadth of Sixteen Inches, Eight Tons vemc, 8• Weight in Summer, and Seven Tons Weight in Winter:

To every Waggon or Wain having the Axletrees thereof of such different Lengths, that the Distance from Wheel to Wheel of the nearer Pair of the said Wheels be not more than Four Feet Two Inches, to be measured at the Ground, and that the Distance from Wheel to Wheel of the other Pair thereof be such, that the fore and Hind Wheels of such Waggons and Wains shall roll only one single Surface or Path of Sixteen Inches wide at the least, on each Side of the said Waggons or Wains, and having the Fellies thereof of the Breadth of Nine Inches from Side to Side at the Bottom or Sole thereof, Six Tons and Ten hundred Weight in Summer, and Six Tons Weight in Winter:

To every Waggon, or every Four-wheeled Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Nine Inches, Six Tons Weight in Summer, and Five Tons and Ten hundred Weight in Winter:

To every Cart having the Fellies of the same Dimensions, Three Tons Weight in Summer, and Two Tons and Fifteen hundred Weight in Winter:

To every Waggon having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, Four Tons and Five hundred Weight in Summer, and Three Tons and Fifteen hundred Weight in Winter:

And to every such Waggon so constructed as to roll and actually rolling a Surface of Eleven Inches by the Wheels thereof, Five Tons and Ten hundred Weight in Summer, and Five Tons Weight in Winter:

To every Cart having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, Two Tons and Twelve hundred Weight in Summer, and Two Tons and Seven hundred Weight in Winter:

To every Waggon having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inchess, Three Tons and Ten hundred Weight in Summer, and Three Tons Weight in Winter:

And to every Cart having the Fellies of the Wheels of the same Dimensions, One Ton and Ten hundred Weight in Summer, and One Ton and Seven hundred Weight in Winter:

And that for the several Purposes aforesaid, it shall be deemed Declaring Summer from the First Day of May to the Thirty-first Day of ^J October, both Days inclusive, and Winter from the First Day of summerand November to the Thirtieth Day of April, both Days inclusive; and Winter for that there shall be demanded and taken for such Overweights, except the Purposes in the Case of Carts drawn by One Horse only, the several Sums of of th" Act* Money following} (that is to say, )j

For

676 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxviii.

For every Hundred (after the Rate of One hundred and twenty Pounds to the Hundred) of such Overweight of any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, not exceeding Five Hundred, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Hundred of such Overweight of any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, above Five Hundred, and not exceeding Eight Hundred, the Sum of Sixpence: For every Hundred of such Overweight of any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, above Eight Hundred, and not exceeding Ten Hundred, the Sum of Two Shillings:

For every Hundred of such Overweight of any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, above Ten Hundred, and not exceeding Fifteen Hundred, the Sum of Five Shillings:

And for every Hundred of such Overweight of any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, above Fifteen Hundred, the Sum of Twenty Shillings:

And that there shall be demanded and taken for such Overweight as aforesaid, in respect of Carts drawn by One Horse only, the several Sums of Money following; (that is to say,)

For each of the First and Second Hundreds of such Overweight of any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Hundred of such Overweight of any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, above Two Hundred, and not exceeding Five Hundred, the Sum of Sixpence: And for every Hundred of such Overweight of any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, above Five Hundred, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence.

Which said Additional Toll or Duty hereby granted and made payable shall and may be levied and recovered in any of the Cases aforesaid upon any Person liable thereto, or upon his or her Goods and Chattels, who shall after Demand made thereof refuse or neglect to pay the same, in such Manner as any Toll or Duty is hereby directed to be levied and recovered; and the Money arising from such additional Toll or Duty shall be applied to the Repair of the said Road and Branch of Road, and other Purposes of this Act.

Trustees

XLVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Trustees, may exempt or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered. Carts, &c. if they shall think proper, to exempt from the Whole or any Part or 1 iuh Wheels ProPortion the additional Tolls for Overweights hereinbefore granted from addi- and made payable, every Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage which shall tional Toll, have the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof respectively of the Breadth of Nine Inches.

Carriages

XLVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That One Half with Wheels Qf the additional Tolls hereby granted and made payable shall Breadth and may be demanded, levied, and recovered for and in respect of than Six the Overweights of any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, having the *5 Sole

l° GEORGII IV. Capxxviii. 677

Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof respectively of a Inches to less Breadth than Six Inches. ToU mole.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Toll or No Toll but Duty shall be collected or payable at any Turnpike or Toll Gate to for Orer-be erected at any such Crane, Weighing Machine, or Engine, for the at°the Use of any such Crane, Machine, or Engine only, for any Horse or Turnpike at other Cattle or Beast drawing any Carriage passing through the same, any Weigh-and being weighed, except for Overweight as aforesaid, unless the mgMachme. said Turnpike or Toll Gate shall be also a Turnpike or Toll Gate for collecting the Tolls hereby and hereinbefore granted for the Purposes of this Act.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the Keeper of every Crane, The Person Weighing Machine, or Engine to be erected as aforesaid, or any other appointed by Person or Persons appointed by the said Trustees, or any Five or gj^ll^eieh* more of them, to the Care of such Crane, Weighing Machine, or ain^ied Engine, shall and he is hereby authorized and required to weigh all Carriages such Waggons, Carts, and other Carriages liable to be weighed bywh'c, lhe virtue of this Act, which shall pass loaded through the said Turnpikes rL?catsont° or Toll Gates respectively, or shall come upon any Part of the said ca'rry o*er-Turnpike Road or Branch of Road, within the Distance of One weight; Hundred Yards from any Crane, Weighing Machine, or Engine to be erected as aforesaid, without passing through any such Turnpikes or Toll Gates respectively, and which he shall have reason to believe carry greater Weights than are allowed to pass without paying such additional Toll, or which any of the said Trustees, or any Surveyor of any Part of the said Road or Branch of Road, or of any of the Highways within any of the Townships through which the said Road or Branch of Road pass shall require or direct to be weighed; and if any Gatekeeper or Person so appointed shall agree with any Person or Persons not to weigh his, her, or their Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, or shall take or agree to take any Money or other Consideration from any Person or Persons, for not weighing his, her, or their Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, or shall agree with any Person or Persons to carry, or connive at his, her, or their carrying in any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage greater Weights, including the Weight of such Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage than are allowed as aforesaid, without weighing the same Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage and the Lading thereof, or shall permit any Waggon,

Cart, or other Carriage, which may reasonably be suspected of being, with the Lading thereof, of greater Weight than is allowed as aforesaid, to go or pass by any Crane, Weighing Machine, or Engine, to be erected on the said Road or Branch of Road, or through any such Turnpike or Toll Gate without weighing the same; or shall permit any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever which shall be required or directed by any Trustee or Surveyor as aforesaid to be weighed to go or pass by any such Crane, Weighing Machine, or Engine, or through any such Turnpike or Toll Gate without weighing the same; or shall permit any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, which shall have been weighed, and shall with the Lading thereof be of greater Weight than is allowed as aforesaid, to pass any such Crane,

Weighing Machine, or Engine, or through any such Turnpike or Toll Gate without receiving such additional Tolls as are allowed as aforesaid,

678 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxviii.

or for his every such Gatekeeper, or other Person so appointed as aforesaid, shall forfeit not ^or every suc^ Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five exceeding Pounds; and if any Owner or Driver of any Waggon, Cart, or other Car-Five Pounds, riage which shall pass loaded through any such Turnpikes or Toll Gates If any respectively, or snail come upon any Part of the said Road or Branch Owner or of Road within the Distance of One Hundred Yards from any Crane, refuse*to Weighing Machine, or Engine to be erected on the said Road or permit his Branch of Road, shall refuse to have his or her Waggon, Cart, or Carriage to other Carriage weighed, or shall hinder or prevent, or do any Act be weighed, whatsoever to hinder or prevent such Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage -yriveWrner weighed, upon being thereto respectively required by the Col-

being the lector or Receiver of such additional Tolls, or by any of the said Owner shall Trustees, or by any Surveyor of any Part of the said Road or Branch forfeit^not of Roach or of any of the Highways within any of the Townships Rve Pounds; through which the said Road or Branch of Road pass, or shall agree and every’with any such Gatekeeper or Person so appointed as aforesaid, not to Driver not weigh his or her Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, or shall pay or Ownernot give, or agree to pay or give any Money or other Consideration to exceeding such Gatekeeper or Person so appointed as aforesaid, or any other Forty Shil- Person whatsoever, for not weighing or requiring to be weighed his lings. or her Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, every such Owner or Driver, being the Owner of any such Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and every such Driver, not being the Owner of such Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

Manure for L. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Regulations of sfraw Fod’ Weight hereinbefore mentioned shall not extend or be deemed or der, or Corn construed to extend to any Waggons, Carts, or other Carriages em-unthrashed, ployed only in Husbandry, or carrying only Muck, Mould, Soil, not to be Ashes, Lime, or Lime Ashes to be used in Husbandry, or Compost weighed. for Land, Hay, Straw, Fodder, or Corn unthrashed, excepting Hay and Straw for Sale.

Power to

LI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who have subcompel Pay-scribed or are engaged to pay any Money towards making and re-e"t of pairing the said Road or Branch of Road, shall and he, she, and they tions.Cr'P an^ are hereby required to pay his, her, and their Subscription Money to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, at such Time or Times as shall be appointed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; and if any such Persons as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse to pay such Money as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, to sue for and recover the same by Action at Law in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Great Sessions for the said County Palatine of Chester.

Power to

LII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said borrow Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, from Time to Time to borrow

Money. and take up at Interest such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think fit, upon the Credit of the Tolls arising by virtue of 4this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to assign

679

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xkviiu

assign over the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof* and the Turnpikes or Toll Gates* Weighing Machines, Toll Houses, Erections, and Buildings for collecting the same, (the Charges of such Mortgages or Assignments to be paid out of the said Tolls,) to any Person Or Persons for any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security or Securities for the Payment of the several Sums, as well those already subscribed or agreed to be advanced towards the obtaining of this Act, and the Expences incident thereto, and the making and repairing the said Road and Branch of Road, as those hereafter to be borrowed* with the Interest thereof: Provided always, that no Money already subscribed or agreed to be advanced, or which shall be borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls to arise at any Turnpike or Toll Gate or Weighing Machine to be erected upon, across, or ort the Side of the said Road, or any Lane or Way leading into, from, or out Of the same, shall be charged or secured upon the Tolls arising or collected upon the said Branch of Road; nor shall any Money already subscribed or agreed to be advanced, or which shall be borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls to arise at any Turnpike or Toll Gate or Weighing Machine to be erected upon, across, or on the side of the said Branch of Road, or any Lane or Way leading into, from, or out of the same, be charged or secured upon the Tolls arising or collected upon the said Road; and all such Mortgages and Assignments shall and may be in the Form following, or such other Form as the said Trustees making the same shall think proper; (that is to say,)

‘ DY virtue and in pursuance of an Act passed in the First Year Form of of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled Mortgage.

* An Act, &c. \here insert the Title of this Act,] and in Consideration

* of the Sum of to A* B. the Treasurer appointed by the Trustees for putting the said Act into Execution,

having been paid this Day by C. D, of We whose

* Names are hereunto subscribed and Seals affixed* being

4 of the said Trustees, do grant and assign unto the said C. D.

4 Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the Tolls arising

4 or to arise by virtue of the said Act, at or from the Turnpikes or Toll Gates erected or to be erected upon, across, or on the Side or Sides of the said Road [or Branch of Road, as the Case may hcf]

4 or across any Lane or Way leading into, from, or out of the same,

and also the Toll Houses, Weighing Machines, and other Engines for collecting the said Tolls, to have, hold, receive, and take the said Tolls, Toll Houses, and Premises, with the Appurtenances, unto

the said C.D. Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Residue and Remainder now to come of the Term for which the said Tolls are granted Ly the said Act, subject to the Proviso following; (that is to say,) Provided always, that if the said Sum of

* shall be repaid to the said C.D. Executors, Ad-

ministrators, or Assigns, together with the Interest for the same, after the Rate of' per Centum per Annum, without any Deduction

whatsoever, on or before the Day of now

* next ensuing, then this Assignment shall be void, or else shall re-

main in full force. In Witness whereof we have hereunto set our Hands and Seals this Day of.

Copies of all which Mortgages or Assignments shall be entered in a Copies to i*e Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Treasurer entered.

to

680 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxyvih

Trustees not to the said Trustees; but nothing in this Act contained shall extend private"or construe^ to extend to charge or subject the said Trustees, or Capacities. any them, or the Persons appointed to receive the said Money, or any Part thereof, to any Payment of the same by reason of their or any of their signing any such Mortgages, Assignments, or other Secu-Mortgages rities to be made in pursuance of this Act, or any of them; and all may be as- Persons to whom such Mortgages shall be made as aforesaid, or who signed. shall be entitled to the same, or to the Money thereby secured, may from Time to Time transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, Interest, or Benefit to the said Mortgage, and the Principal and Interest thereby secured to any Person or Persons whomsoever by Indorsement on the Back of such Security, or by any other Writing or Writings, before Two credible Witnesses in the following Words, or Words to the like Effect; (that is to say,)

Form of J do transfer this Mortgage, [or, a certain Mortgage, &c.

Transfer. ‘ as the Case may be, 3 with all my Right and Title to the Principal

* thereby secured, and to all Interest now due and to become due

‘ upon the same, unto Executors, Administrators, and

* Assigns. Dated this Day of A. B *

Which Transfer shall be produced and notified within Sixty Days after the Date thereof to the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Road and Branch of Road, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof in the before-mentioned Book or Books, containing the Numbers, Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money therein transferred, for which the said Clerk or Treasurer shall be paid the Sum of Five Shillings, and no more, and such Transfer shall then entitle such Assignee, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and such Assignee may in like Manner assign or transfer the same again, and so to ties quoties, and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons who shall have made any such Assignment or Transfer to make void, release, or discharge the same, or any Monies due thereon.

No Priority

LIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no of Mort- Preference shall be given to any Person or Persons who shall act-gagea- vance any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of this Act in respect to the Priority of advancing any such Sum or Sums of Money, but that all Persons to whom such Mortgages or Assignments shall be made as aforesaid shall, in Proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money therein mentioned, be Creditors on this Act in equal Degree one with another.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Mortgagee or Mortgagees of the said Tolls, Turnpikes or Toll Gates, Weighing Machines, Toll Houses, and Buildings, shall seek to obtain Possession of the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates, Weighing Machines, Toll Houses, and Buildings, in order to pay himself, herself, or themselves the Principal Money and Interest, or any Part thereof, due to him, her, or them, it shall be competent for him, her, or them, as Lessor or Lessors of the Plaintiff, and upon his, her, or their Demise only, and without uniting in such Demise the other Mortgagees of the said Tolls and Premises, to obtain such Possession; but such Person or Persons who shall 1 6 obtain

One Mortgagee may obtain Possession of the Toll Houses.

68]

1" GEORGII IV. Cap .xxviii.

obtain the Possession thereof shall not apply the Tolls which may consequently be received by him, her, or them, to his, her, or their own exclusive Use and Benefit, but to and for the Use and Benefit of all the Mortgagees of the said Tolls, Turnpikes, or Toll Gates, Buildings, and Premises, pari passu, and in Proportion to the several Sums which may be due to them as such Mortgagees.

LV. And be it further enacted, That all Monies which shall arise Application and be produced by or from the several Sums already subscribed orofthe, agreed to be advanced towards the making and repairing the said "

Koad and Branch of Road as aforesaid, and by and from the Tolls by this Act granted and made payable, together with the Monies which shall from Time to Time be borrowed upon the Credit of the same Tolls, and all other Monies which shall arise or be produced under or by virtue of this Act, and not herein otherwise appropriated or directed to be applied, shall be vested in the said Trustees for the Time being, and shall be applied in the Order and Manner following; (that is to say,) in the first Place in paying the Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the preparing, obtaining, and passing of this Act, and preparing Securities for the Sums so subscribed or agreed to be advanced and to be borrowed as aforesaid; the said respective Costs, Charges, and Expences to be paid and discharged in such Proportions nevertheless out of the separate Funds of the said Road and Branch of Road as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall direct or appoint; and in the second Place in defraying the Expences of erecting and providing Turnpikes or Toll Gates, Weighing Machines, Toll Houses, and other Buildings, and repairing the same, and of erecting and making necessary and convenient Bridges upon the said Road and Branch of Road, and of repairing the said Road and Branch of Road, and otherwise in executing the several other Powers and Purposes of this Act, and in paying the Interest accruing upon the several Sums of Money subscribed, or agreed to be advanced, or which shall from Time to Time be secured upon the Credit of the Tolls to arise on the said Road and Branch of Road, and in reducing, paying off; and discharging the same Principal Sums in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall direct or appoint: Provided always nevertheless, that no Money already subscribed, or agreed to be advanced, or which shall be borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls to arise at any Turnpike or Toll Gate, or Weighing Machine, to be erected upon, across, or on the Side or Sides of the said Road, or across any Lane or Way leading into, from, or out of the same, shall he laid out or expended upon or for or on account of the said Branch of Road, or any Thing solely relative thereto; nor shall any Money already subscribed, or agreed to be advanced, or which shall be borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls to arise at any Turnpike or Toll Gate, or Weighing Machine to be erected upon, across, or on the Side or Sides of the said Branch of Road, or across any Lane or Way leading into, from, or out of the same, shall be laid out or expended upon or for or on account of the said Road, or any Thing solely relative thereto; provided also further, that all Charges and Expences-to be hereafter incurred respecting the said Road and Branch of Road jointly shall be paid and discharged by and out of the separate Funds of the said Road,

[Local.'] 8 K’and

682 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxviii.

and Branch of Road, in such Proportions as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall direct or appoint, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Power to

LVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the andmake sa^ Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and for their Sur-Roads. veyor and Surveyors and Workmen, with or without Carriages and Cattle, from Time to Time to enter upon the Lands or Grounds through or adjoining to which or whereupon the said Road and Branch of Road hereby authorized to be made are intended to pass, and to stake out and make the same of such Width (not exceeding Sixty Feet) and in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think necessary or proper, without being deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, and without being subject or liable to any Fine, Penalty, or Punishment for entering or continuing upon any Part or Parts of such Lands or Grounds respectively, for any of the Purposes of this Act, making Satisfaction to the Occupiers of such Lands and Grounds for the Damage that shall be done to the Lands or Grounds on the Sides of the said Road and Branch of Road whilst the same shall be making; and if any Person shall wilfully pull up, remove, or destroy any of the Stakes or other Marks used in laying out or making any Part of such Road or Branch of Road, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

Trustees

LVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the may make said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby the Road* salty authorized and empowered to make and repair, and from Time to Time to widen, divert, shorten, vary, and alter within the Distance hereinafter mentioned, the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Road and Branch of Road, through any Waste Grounds, Commons, or uncultivated Lands, without making Satisfaction for the same, and also through any private Grounds or Hereditaments, first making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof and Persons interested therein for the Damage they shall sustain thereby; and for that Purpose it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any Lands or Hereditaments which the said Trustees shall judge necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons may sustain by the making, widening, diverting, turning, or altering the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Road and Branch of Road through such Lands or Hereditaments; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees or Feoffees in Trust, Committees, Executors, Administrators, and all other Trustees and Persons whatsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their cestui que Trusts, whether Femes Covert, Infants or Issue unborn. Lunatics, Idiots, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, and to and for all other Femes Covert who are or shall be seised of or interested in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxiii. 683

and Persons whatsoever who are or shall be seised or possessed of or interested in any such Lands or Hereditaments, to contract and agree with the said Trustees for the Satisfaction to be made for such Damages as aforesaid, or to sell and convey unto them all or any such j arKls or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, for the Purposes aforesaid, and all Contracts, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute,

Usage, or other Matter to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or Lessees for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, Husbands,

Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees, Committees, Executors, Administrators, and all other Persons, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they or any of them shall lawfully do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

LVIII. And whereas a Map or Plan describing the Line of the said For resttain-Road and Branch of Road, and the Lands through which the same "f8t^omrus" are intended to be carried, together with a Book of Reference, deviating containing Lists of the Names of the Owners and Occupiers of beyond cer-such Lands, have been deposited at the Office of the Clerk of the tainDts-Peace for the said County Palatine of Chester; be it therefore enacted, That the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference shall scribed in remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the the Plan, &c. said County, to the end that all Persons may at all seasonable Times have Liberty to inspect and peruse the same, and to take Copies or Extracts thereof at their Will and Pleasure, paying the Clerk of the Peace for the Time being of the said County the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection, and at the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words of such Copies or Extracts of the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference; and that the said Trustees in making the said Road and Branch of Road shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards from the Line described in the said Map or Plan, without the Consent and Approbation in Writing of the Person or Persons, Body Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, through whose Lands or Grounds such Deviation shall be made.

LIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any of the Misnomers Lands or Buildings to be taken or used for the Purposes of this Act not to preshall happen not to be described in the said Map or Plan, or any of veIlt the Owners or Occupiers of the same, or any of the Lands or Buildings thlf aS 0 described in the said Map or Plan, or any Part thereof, shall happen to be omitted, misnamed, or inaccurately described in the said Book of Reference, such Omission, Misnomer, or inaccurate Description shall not prevent or retard the Execution of this Act; but the several Premises and every Part thereof shall and may be purchased for the Purposes of this Act as fully and effectually as if the Owners or Occupiers of the same had not been omitted, or were more properly and accurately named; provided it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County Palatine of Chester, and be certified in Writing under their Hands, that such Omission, Misnomer, or inaccurate Description proceeded from Mistake, or that the real

Owners

684

The Damage, Value, and Recompence to be settled by a Jury.

Trustees to issue Warrants to the Sheriff to impannel a Jury.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxviii.

Owners or Occupiers of such Lands or Buildings had Notice previous to the Application to Parliament for this Act that such Lands or Buildings would be wanted for the Purposes of this Act.

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any such Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees, Committees, Executors, Administrators, Femes Covert, or any other Person or Persons interested in any such Lands or Hereditaments, upon Notice to him, her, or them given, or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the principal Officer or Officers of any such Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Lands or Hereditaments through which any Part of such Road or Branch of Road may be intended to be widened, diverted, turned, varied, or altered, shall for the Space of Twenty-one Days next after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then ami in every such Case the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall cause such Damage, Value, or Recompenceto be enquired into and ascertained by a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the said County Palatine of Chester ', from the Neighbourhood of the Place where such Lands and Hereditaments do lie; and in order thereto, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time as Occasion shall require, to summon and call before such Jury, and examine upon Oath, all and every Person and Persons whatsoever who shall be thought necessary or proper to be examined concerning the Premises (which Oath any One or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby empowered to administer); and such Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall, by ordering a View or otherwise, use all Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the said Jury’s better Information in the Premises; and after the said Jury shall have enquired of and assessed such Damage, Value, or Recompence, they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall thereupon order, adjudge, and appoint the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury to be paid to the said Owners and other Persons interested in the said Lands and Hereditaments respectively, according to the Verdict or Inquisition of such Jury, which said Verdict or Inquisition, and Judgment, Order, and Determination thereupon, shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes against all Parties and Persons whatsoever claiming or to claim any Estate in Possession, Reversion, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well absent as present. Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, Idiots, and Persons under any other Disability whatsoever, Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate and Sole, as well as all and every other Person and Persons whatsoever; and for summoning and returning such Juries, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff’ of the said County Palatine of Chester, commanding him to impannel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Persons from the Neighbourhood of ‘5 the

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxviii. 685

the Place where such Lands lie, qualified to serve upon Juries, to appear before such Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed; and such Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to impannel, summon, and return such Number of Persons accordingly, and out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and they are hereby empowered and required to swear or cause to be sworn Twelve Men, who shall be a Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by or that can be speedily procured to attend that Service to the Number of Twelve, and all Persons concerned shall Jury may be have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when chal enge they come to be sworn; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more Trustees of them, acting in the Premises, shall have Power from Time to Time ay , raP°se to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines upon such Sheriff) his Deputy ° L

or Deputies, Bailiff or Bailiffs, Agent or Agents, making Default in making De-the Premises, and on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and fault, or on returned on such Jury and who shall not appear, or appearing shall the Jury or refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or being sworn, shall refuse to , tnesses. give or shall not give their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect their Duty therein contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and on any of the Persons who being required to give Evidence before the said Jury shall refuse or neglect to appear, after having been paid or tendered a reasonable Sum for their Costs, Charges, and Expences, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn and examined or to give Evidence, so that no Fine be more than Five Pounds on any one Person for one Offence; which said Fine or Fines shall be levied and applied as the Penalties for Offences against this Act are hereinafter directed to be levied and disposed of.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That in’ case any Jury or Juries to be summoned and sworn pursuant to the Authority of this Act shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money as a Recompence or Satisfaction for the Right, Interest, or Property of every Person or Persons in any such Lands or Hereditaments, or for any such Loss or Damage than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, before the summoning or returning of the said Jury or Juries, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or for any Loss or Damage as aforesaid, then and in such Case the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining of such Difference, shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees out of the Tolls, Duties, or Monies, arising by virtue of this Act, or out of any Money borrowed upon the Credit thereof; but if any Jury or Juries so summoned and sworn as aforesaid shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more or for less Money than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, before the summoning or returning the said Jury or Juries, as a Recompence and Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property in any such Lands or Hereditaments, or Loss or Damage as [Loca/.] 8 L aforesaid,

How the Expences of the Jury and Witnesses are to be

686 l° GEORGII IV. Ce^>.xxviii.

aforesaid, then the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences aforesaid, shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute; which said Costs and Expences, having been ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace for the said County Palatine of Chester not interested in the Matter in Question who is hereby required to settle the same, shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons; and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Money shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums of Money so assessed and adjudged, or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the same be not paid upon Demand, after having been so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be levied and recovered by the Ways and Means hereinafter provided for levying and Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures: Provided always, that in all Cases where any Person or Persons shall by reason of Absence out of the Kingdom have been prevented from treating about such Recompence or Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees as aforesaid.

Money al-

LXII. And be it further enacted, That every Sum of Money or lowed for Recompence to be agreed for or assessed as aforesaid shall be paid Lands how out of the Tolls and Duties hereby granted, or out of the Money to to be paid. advanced or borrowed on the Credit thereof to the Parties or Lands pur- Persons respectively entitled thereto, or to their Agents; and upon chased to be- Payment thereof, or depositing the same in the Bank of England as c?me a Part hereinafter directed (as the Case may be), and after Eight Days

o t e oat. jsjotice thereof given to such Parties or Persons, or their Agents, or to

the Tenant in Possession of the Premises, such Lands or Hereditaments shall be laid into and made Part of the said Road or Branch

of Road (as the Case may be), in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall direct; and shall be by them, or by such Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint, sufficiently drained, ditched, fenced, and set out for that Purpose; and shall to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever become and be and be deemed and taken to be a common Highway, and be from thenceforth Part of the said Road or Branch of Road (as the Case may be) for ever thereafter.

Trustees not

LXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, to pull down That the Power and Authority given to the said Trustees as aforesaid excqiTas C shall not extend to the taking down of any Dwelling House or other herein men- Buildings, or taking in the Site of any House or other Buildings, or tioned. to the taking in any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Court, Park, Paddock, inclosed Shrubbery, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, without the Consent in Writing of the Owners and Proprietors thereof respectively; save and except the several Hereditaments mentioned and described in the Schedule hereunto annexed.

Application

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be of Compen- agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act 2ool. 17 for

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxiii. 68?

for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity as herein particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, standing settled therewith to the same or the like Uses, Intents, and Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so employed then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts,

Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the Meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, and in the Meantime, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, if any Application Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, where the or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons than *2QOit under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum but not less of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to the Sum of Twenty than 20I. Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery* and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore

directed,

688

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxviii.

directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the^ Person or Persons making such Option, and approved by Five or more of the said Trustees, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

Application

LXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such where the Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned

]esTtlianS ^ess ^an Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same

20i. 1 shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

In case of

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or not making Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for out Titles, the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the same, or shall not be able to make out a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Persons interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, [describing them,] subject to the Order, Control, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum and Suras of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise as to the same Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, and to order the Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the same is or are received, to such Person or Persons who shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxviii. 689

LXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thatwhereany Where'any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money Question to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity fouclWn^he of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance Title to8 6 of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- Money, ments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shown to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the said Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

LXIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where by reason of The Court any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation of Chancery entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased "^0^bie under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same Expences of shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be Purchases to applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Jjf Paid by to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall and Arustee8, may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, out of the said Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

LXX. And whereas by reason of the Purchases which the said Trustees Trustees are empowered and required to make by virtue of this Act, empowered they may happen to be seised of some Piece or Pieces of Ground over over" and above what shall be necessary for effecting the Purposes of this Grounds.

Act; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to sell and dispose of such Pieces or Parcels of Ground, either together or in Parcels, as they shall find most convenient and advantageous, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract for and purchase the same:

Provided always, that the said Trustees, before they shall sell or dispose of any Piece or Pieces of Ground as aforesaid, and before they shall sell and dispose of any Land constituting any former Road, in lieu whereof some new Road shall be made, and which shall be vested in the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, for the Purposes of Sale as aforesaid, shall offer the same respectively to the Person or Persons [LocalJ 8 M to

690 1° GE'ORGII IV. Cap. xxriii.

to whom the same originally belonged; or where the same shall arise by reason of diverting any Part or Parts of the said Roads, then to the Person whose Lands shall adjoin thereto; and in case such Person or Persons respectively shall not then and thereupon agree, (except with respect to and on account of the Price thereof as hereinafter mentioned,) or shall refuse (except with respect to and on account of the Price thereof) to purchase and repurchase the same respectively, on an Affidavit being made and sworn before a Master or Master Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County Palatine of Chester, by some Person or Persons no Way interested in the said Piece or Pieces of Ground, stating that such Offer was made by and on the Behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to Whom the same was so offered, and such Affidavit shall in all Courts whatsoever be a sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made, and was not agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom such Offer was made; and in case such Person or Persons shall be desirous of purchasing the same, and he, she, or they and the said Trustees shall differ and not agree with respect to the Price thereof, then the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury in Manner in this Act directed, with respect to disputed Value of Premises to be purchased by the said Trustees in pursuance of this Act; and the Expences of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in like Manner as hereinbefore directed with respect to such Purchases made by the said Trustees, mutatis mutandis; and the Money to arise by the Sale or Sales of such Piece or Pieces of Road or Ground as aforesaid shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act, but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for any Misapplication or Non-application of such Money.

Trustees

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any

forWork801 ^ve or more them, or such Person or Persons as the said’Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall for that Purpose appoint, are hereby authorised and empowered to contract with any Person or Persons for making, altering, raising, widening, improving, or repairing the said Road and Branch of Road, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, or any Arches or Bridges upon the same, and for doing any other Work by this Act authorised to be done, in such Manner and for such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper.

Surveyors,

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the by Order of said Surveyor or Surveyors, by Order of the said Trustees, or any Trustees Five or more of them, to make or cause to be made Causeways

cay ewaGs an(* Footpaths, and also Ditches and Drains in and upon the said Drains^ ire.; Road and Branch of Road, and also through any Grounds lying contiguous thereto, and to erect Arches upon the said Road and may make Branch of Road; and also to make or cause to be made a Road temporary through the adjoining Grounds of any narrow or ruinous Part of Sr^s the the said Road or Branch of Road respectively, hot being the Ground s whereon

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxviii. 691

whereon any House or Houses or other Buildings stand, or a Garden, adjoining Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to any ^Sstthe House, or any inclosed Ground planted or set apart as a Nursery 0id Roads for Trees, to be made Use of for all Passengers, Cattle, Carriages or are repairing, otherwise, as a public Highway whilst the old Road is repairing or widening, and until such Time as it shall be convenient and safe for Passengers and Carriages to pass through the same, making such reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners or Occupiers of such Ground respectively, through which any such Drains snail be made, or on which any such Arches shall be erected, or through which any temporary Road shall be made, for the Damages which such Owners or Occupiers respectively shall or may thereby sustain, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; and in case of any Difference concerning the same between such Owners and Occupiers and the said Trustees, that then it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of them assembled at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County Palatine of Chester, to settle, adjudge, and finally determine what Recompence shall be made to such Owners and Occupiers for the Damages they shall have sustained as aforesaid, which Determination shall be final.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyor said Surveyor and Surveyors, and such Persons as he or they shall may diS for appoint, to search for, dig, gather, fish up, and take away any Furze, Gravel' Heath, Sand, Stones, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing the said Road and Branch of Road, or for the Purposes of this Act, out of any common or public River, Brook or Pit, or out of any Waste or Common Ground in any Parish, Town, Village, or Hamlet, in which any Part of the said Road or Branch of Road shall pass, or in any adjoining Parish, Township, or Place, without paying any thing for such Materials; such Surveyor or Surveyors levelling or causing to be levelled all such Holes and Pits, or otherwise to be raised or fenced-out where and from whence any such Materials shall be digged, gathered, or taken away, in such Manner as that the same shall not be dangerous to any Cattle or Travellers, and paying for the Damages done by landing, and for going over and through any Lands, Grounds, and private Laries, for or with such Materials, to be ascertained as hereinafter mentioned; and also it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor and Surveyors, and such Person and Persons as lie or they shall appoint, (such Surveyor or Surveyors first having an Order of Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County in which the Lands shall be situated,) to search for, dig, gather, and take away such Materials Out of the several Grounds of any Person or Pei-sons within any Parish, Township, or Place, in which the said Road or Branch of Road, or any Part or Parts thereof shall lie or be situate, or in any adjoining Parish, Township, or Place, not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, or planted Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House, or any Piece of Ground inclosed, planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, paying such Rates for such Materials and for Damage done to the Owners or Occupiers of such Grounds where and from whence the same shall be digged, gathered, and carried away, or over which the

692 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxviii.

the same shall be carried, as the said respective Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall judge reasonable; and in case of any Difference concerning the same, between the said Trustees, Surveyor or Surveyors, and the said Owners or Occupiers, or any of them, concerning the Value of such Materials and Damages, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two Justices of the Peace for the County in which the Lands shall be situated, on Ten Days Notice thereof m Writing being given by either Party to the other, or left at their respective Places of Abode, to hear, settle, and determine the same.

Notice to be

LXXIV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no given to Oc- Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons acting under the Authority Landsbeforeof this Act’ shall firsi begin to dig, gather, or carry away any Materials Materials for repairing the said Road or Branch of Road of or are taken, from any inclosed Lands without the Consent of the Owners or Occupiers thereof, until Notice in Writing signed by the Surveyor shall have been given to the Owner or his known Agent, or to the Occupier of the Land from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left at such Occupier’s usual Place of Residence, to appear before any Justice or Justices of the Peace acting for the County or Place wherein such Land shall lie to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be had therefrom; and in case such Owner, Agent, or Occupier shall attend pursuant to such Notice, such Justice or Justices shall, if he or they shall think proper, authorize such Surveyor or other Person to dig, gather, take, and carry away such Materials at such Time or Times as to such Justice or Justices shall seem proper; and if such Owner or Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or herself, or his or her Agent, such Justice or Justices shall and may make such Order therein as he or they shall think fit, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Owner or Occupier or his or her Agent had attended; and the Order of such Justice or Justices shall be final and conclusive to and upon all Parties.

Penalties on

LXXV. And be it enacted, That if any Person whosoever shall taking away take or carry away Materials which shall have been digged or gathered Materials for the Purpose of making, completing, or amending the said Road or got by Sur- ]granch of Road, or shall get or take away any Materials out of veyor* any Pit or Quarry which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting Materials for the said Road or Branch of Road, before the said Surveyors or their Workmen shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Thirty Days, (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials for his own private Use and not for Sale,) every Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Mines re-

LXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all served to the Mines of Lead, Ore, Mines, Veins, Beds, or Seams of Coal, Ironstone, Owners of an(l other Minerals whatsoever, which shall be discovered or found LeBds* in or under any Lands to be appropriated to the said Road and Branch of Road by virtue of this Act, shall be and they are hereby reserved

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxvHi. 693

to the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, who would have been seised of or entitled to the same in case this Act had not been made, with Liberty for him or them, or his or their respective Agents or Servants, to dig for, mine, and work the same, in such Manner as is usual for carrying on Works of that Kind in the District or Place where such Mines, Coals, or other Minerals shall be found, and in as full and ample a Manner as if the said Land had not been taken and appropriated for the Purposes aforesaid, so that in the working thereof no Damage shall be done to the said Road or Branch of Road, or any Part thereof respectively.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Surveyors lawful to and for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or may remove Persons as he or they shall appoint, by Direction and under the Hands Annoyances, of any Five or more of the said Trustees, from Time to Time to remove and prevent all Nuisances or Annoyances on any Part or Parts of the said Road and Branch of Road, by Rails, Steps, Sign Posts, Walls, or otherwise, and to turn or stop any Watercourses,

Sinks, or Drains running into, along, and out of any Part of the said Road or Branch of Road to the Prejudice or Injury thereof, and to open, scour, and cleanse any Sough, Ditch, or Watercourse adjoining to or leading into or out of any Part or Parts of the said Road or Branch of Road, and to make the same as deep and large as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think proper and necessary, and at proper Seasons of the Year to cut down or lop any Branches of Trees, Shrubs, or Bushes growing in any Part of the said Road and Branch of Road, or in the Hedges or Banks adjoining thereto, not being Shrubs or Bushes planted as a Shelter or Ornament to a House or other Building, or not standing in any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, in case the Person or Persons occasioning such Annoyances, or who ought to remove the same, or to cleanse such Ditch or Watercourse, or to cut down or lop such Branches of Trees,

Shrubs, or Bushes, shall neglect or refuse so to do for the Space of Fourteen Days next after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose, signed by any Five or more of the said Trustees, or by their Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being, the reasonable Charges whereof shall be reimbursed to the said Surveyor or Surveyors by the Person or Persons refusing or neglecting as aforesaid j and in case any such Person or Persons shall not, upon Demand, pay and reimburse to such Surveyor or Surveyors such Charges as aforesaid, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons, in like Manner as is herein authorized or directed for the Recovery of any other Penalty inflicted by this Act; and if after the Removal of any of the said Annoyances any Person shall again offend in the like Manner, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, over and above such Charges as aforesaid, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, One Moiety whereof to be paid to the Informer and the other Moiety to be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or Road to be any Five or more of them, shall cause the said Road and Branch of'e?M-f4’ [Local.] 8 N Road

T GEORGII IV. Cap. xxviii.

Road to be measured, and Stones or Posts to be set up in or near the Sides of the said Road and Branch of Road, at the Distance of One Mile from each other, with such Inscription thereon, denoting the Number of Miles and Distances of Places, as they the said Trustees shall think fit; and all such and so many Direction or Guide Posts as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall judge proper.

Troughs,

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall erect or &c.not to be place any Trough or Troughs, or other Vessel, for the Purpose of placed on the watering Horses or other Cattle, nearer the Middle of the said Road oa ‘ or Branch of Road than Twenty Feet, and every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

Penalty on

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Persons shall wilfully pull up or damage any Direction Posts, or Mile Posts, Direction or -^e Atones to erected or fixed on the Side or Sides of or adjoin-Posts and to ^le said Road or Branch of Road, or shall obliterate or

for pre- deface any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks inscribed thereon; or

venting if any Person or Persons shall ride upon any Footway adjoining to the Se RoadS°n sa^ R°ad or Branch of Road, or shall drive any Horse, Cattle, or a ' Swine, or any Truck, Wheels!edge. Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, or Carriage thereon, or shall cause any Damage to be done to such Footway; or if any Person shall hale or draw, or cause to be haled or drawn, upon any Part of the said Road or Branch of Road, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, (otherwise than upon wheeled Carriages,) or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber or Stone which shall be carried upon any wheeled Carriage to drag upon any Part of the said Road or Branch of Road to the Prejudice thereof respectively; or if any Person or Persons shall bait, drive, or worry any Bull or Bear with Dogs or otherwise upon the said Road or Branch of Road, or when driving any Pigs or Swine upon the said Road or Branch of Road shall suffer the same to root up and damage the same, or any Part thereof respectively, or the Fences, Hedges, Backings, or Cops on either Side thereof respectively; or if any Person driving any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage upon the said Road or Branch of Road, and meeting another Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, shall not keep his Carriage on the left Hand Side of the Middle of the said Road or Branch of Road, or if any Person having the Care of or driving any Waggon, Cart, or other such Carriage upon the said Road or Branch of Road, shall absent himself or herself therefrom, or shall not drive on the left-hand Side of his Horse or Horses or other Beasts of Draught therein, or shall suffer his Horse or Horses or other Beasts of Draught therein to go faster than a Walk; or if any Person having the Care of or driving any Waggon, Cart, or other such Carriage upon the said Road or Branch of Road, shall ride within the said Waggon, Cart, or other such Carriage, in case there shall be more than one Horse or other Beast of Draught drawing the same, or in case there shall be only One Horse or other Beast of Draught drawing the same, then without Reins to the Bridle in the Head of such Horse or other Beast of Draught for the Management thereof, or in any Case whatsoever shall ride upon the

Shafts

694

stones to be set up.

1° GEORGII IV. 4Up.±iVAl

Shafts or either of them of such Waggon, Gart, or other such Carriage; or if any Person driving or riding upon any HoTse or other Beast Of Draught, carrying Milk Cans, Grates, Cans, or Pafrtfiers, shall not keep the said Horse or other Beast of Draught on the left-hand Side of the Middle of the said Road or Branch of Road, or Shall permit of suffer the same to go faster than a Trot, or shall drive or ride his or her Horse or other Beast of Draught opposite to or abreast of any other Person driving or riding any Other Horse or Beast of Draught carrying Milk Cans, Crates; Cans, or Panniers, so that Two or more Of such Horses or other Beasts of Draught shall be abreast or opposite to each other, in travelling upon the said Road or Branch of Road; or if any Person after having blocked any Carriage whatsoever in’ going up any Hill or rising Ground, shall leave on the said Road or Branch of Road the Stone or other Thing used in such Blocking; or if any Person shall in any Manner wilfully prevent any other Person or Persons from passing him or them upon the said Road or Branch of Road, or the Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, ot other Carriage under his Care; or if any Person shall make or assist in making any Fire or Fires commonly called Bonfires, or shall set fire to of let off or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent, or Firework whatsoever, oh the said Road and Branch of Road, or either of them, or any Part thereof respectively, or within Eighty Feet of the Centre thereof respectively, or play at Football or any other Game, to the Annoyance of any Passenger or Passengers on any Part or Parts of the said Road or Branch of Road; or if any Person shall leave any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, in, upon, or on the Side of any Part of the said Road or Branch of Road, either with or without any Horse or Beast of Draught harnessed or yoked thereto, or shall lay any Piece of Timber, or any Stones, Hay, Straw, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, (except Materials for the Repairs of the said Road or Branch of Road deposited by or by the Order of the Surveyor thereof respectively,) on any Part of the said Road or Branch of Road, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or to the Annoyance or Prejudice of any Person or Persons travelling along the same respectively; or if any Person or Persons shall lay any Hay, Straw, or other Matter or Thing upon any Part of the said Road or Branch of Road to be made into Manure, or shall scrape off the same, or any Mud, Soil, or other Matter or Thing which shall be or lie upon any Part of the said Road or Branch of Road, with an Iron Cow-Rake or other Instrument with sharp Points, whereby the said Road or Branch of Road or any Part thereof shall be damaged; or if any Person shall damage or injure any of the Posts, Rails, Stoops, Stone Walls, Hedges, or Fences on the Sides of the said Road or Branch of Road, of any Footway adjoining thereto respectively; or if any Blacksmith or other Person occupying a Blacksmith’s Shop, having Doors or Windows to the Ffont of the said Road or Branch of Road, shall not by good and close Shutters; every Evening after it becomes Twilight, and every Morning until' after Twilight, bar and prevent the Light from such Shop shining itito the said Road or Branch of Road; or if any Pierson Or Persons shall do any other wilful Act, Damage, orlnjury to the said Road or Branch of Road, or either of them, every Person sb offending shall for evefy such OffehcO forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding five Pounds.

696

For securing

transient

Offenders.

Penalty on Witnesses notattending

moned.

Penalties or obstructing Surveyors.

For impoun ding Cattle or Swine straying on the Roads, &c.

T GEORGII IV. Cap. xxviii.

LXXXI. And whereas Offences may be committed against this Act by Persons unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers appointed to put this Act in Execution, be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of the said Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, and such other Person or Persons as he or they shall call to his or their Assistance, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons who shall commit any such Offence or Offences, and take him, her, or them before any Justice of the Peace of the said County Palatine of Chester, residing near to the Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed, and such Justice is hereby empowered and directed to proceed with all convenient Speed to the hearing and determining of the Complaint.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, after having been summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before any Justice of the Peace, touching any Matter of Fact contained in any Information or Complaint for any Offence against this Act, shall refuse or neglect to appear at the Time and Place for that Purpose appointed (after having been paid or tendered a reasonable Sum of Money for his, her, or their Costs, Charges, and Expences,) without a reasonable Excuse for his, her, or their Refusal or Neglect, or appearing shall refuse to be examined upon Oath, and give Evidence before such Justice of the Peace, then and in either of such Cases every Person or Persons so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall assault, interrupt, or hinder, or cause or procure to be assaulted, interrupted, or hindered, any Collector of the Tolls, or any Turnpike Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons by them or any of them, or by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, employed in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Cow, Horse, Ass, Pig, or other live Stock or Cattle, shall at any Time be found wandering, straying, or lying about the said Road or Branch of Road, or any Part thereof respectively, it shall be lawful for the Surveyor of the said Road or Branch of Road for the Time being, or some other Person or Persons employed by him, or for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, (although not assembled at a Meeting,) to seize every such Cow, Horse, Ass, Pig, or other live Stock or Cattle, and to impound the same in the common Pound (if any) of the Hamlet, Township, Parish, or Place in which the same shall be found wandering, straying, or lying about the said Road or Branch of Road, or any Part thereof, or in such other Place or Places as the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, (although not assembled at a Meeting,) or the said Surveyor shall appoint, and the same there to detain until the Owner or Owners thereof shall for every and each Cow, Horse, Ass, Pig, or other live Stock or Cattle so impounded, pay the Sum of Five Shillings for the first Time such Owner or Owners shall have any Cow, Horse, Ass, Pig, or other live Stock, or 16 Cattle

F GEORGII IV. Cap. xxviii. 697

Cattle so impounded, and the Sum of Ten Shillings for the Second and every other Time the same Owner or Owners shall have any Cow, Horse, Ass, Pig, or other live Stock so impounded; and the said Sum of Five Shillings or Ten Shillings, as the Case may be, shall be paid to the Person impounding the same, together with the reasonable Charges and Expences of impounding and keeping the same j and in Case the said Penalty, Charges, and Expences shall not be paid within Three Days after such impounding, it shall be lawful for any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, by an Order or Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, to sell or cause every such Cow, Horse, Ass, Pig, or other live Stock or Cattle to be sold, and the Money arising from such Sale, after deducting the said Penalty, and the Charges and Expences of impounding, keeping, and sellingevery such Cow, Horse, Ass, Pig, or other live Stock or Cattle, shall be paid to the Person whose Property the same so sold shall appear to have been.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Punishment Persons shall release or attempt to release any Cow, Horse, Ass, Pig of Persons or other live Stock or Cattle, which shall be seized for the Purpose of being impounded under the Authority of this Act, or shall release or Breach. attempt to release any Horse, Cow, Ass, Pig, or other live Stock or Cattle, which shall be impounded under the Authority of this Act, from the Pound or Place where the same shall be so impounded, or shall pull down, damage, or destroy the same Pound or Place, or any Part thereof, or any Lock or Bolt belonging thereto or with which the same shall be fastened; or shall rescue or release or attempt to rescue or release any Distress or Levy which shall be made under the Authority of" this Act, until or before such Cow, Horse, Ass, Pig, or other live Stock or Cattle so seized or impounded, or such Distress or Levy so made shall be discharged by due Course of Law, every Person so offending shall upon Conviction thereof before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County Palatine of Chester, either upon the Confession of the Party or Parties offending or upon the Oath of One credible Witness, and which Oath the said Justice is hereby authorized and empowered to administer, be committed by such Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the said County Palatine of Chester, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Gate of any Park, Gates to Paddock, or Field shall be made to open towards the said Road 01’ open in-Branch of Road, or shall be suffered to continue so to open, unless warils-the Hanging Posts thereof shall be Thirty Feet at the least from the Centre of the said Road and Branch of Road; and the Occupier or Occupiers of every Park, Paddock, or Field, the Gate whereof shall open towards the said Road and Branch of Road, shall, within Fourteen Days after Notice from the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road or Branch of Road, cause such Gate to be altered in such a Manner as that no Part of the Gate when open shall project over any Part of the said Road or Branch within Twenty Feet fioni the Centre thereof respectively; and in Default thereof the said Surveyor or Surveyors is and are hereby authorized to cause such

698 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxviii.

Gate, to be taken down and afterwards fixed up in the Manner hereinbefore directed, and the Person or Persons making Default shall upon Corpplaint made to any Justice of the Peace for the said County Palatine of Chester, and on Conviction thereof on the Oath of One credible Witness, pay to such Surveyor or Surveyors such Sum as the said justice shall direct for defraying the Expence of such Alteration, and shall also forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for his or their Default therein.

Persons

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Owners, Occu-liable to the piers, Grantees, Trustees, Feoffees, and Committees of any Lands, Roadie, to Tenements, and Hereditaments, and all other Person or Persons liable continue so. to the amending, maintaining, or repairing any Part or Parts of the said Road, or Branch of Road, or any Bridge, Causeway, Drain, Arch, or Sewer therein, shall still remain liable and chargeable to the Repair thereof in such Manner as they were bef ore the passing of this Act.

Townships

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Inhabitants of to be liable tlui several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, or Places through which to epair. sau| or Branch of Road shall pass, shall be liable to the

Repair of such Parts of the said Road, and Branch of Road respectively, as are or shall be within their respective Parishes, Townships, Hamlets or Places, in such and the same Manner as they are liable to the Repair of any other Highways within the same.

Statute

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law

Work- are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing or amending the said Road or Branch of Road, or any Part thereof respectively, shall still remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace within their respective Jurisdictions, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or by their Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor, by their Order, or by any Person or Persons liable to do such Statute Work, (Ten Days Notice of such last-mentioned Application being first given to the said Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor,) yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of Statute Work shall every Year be done by the Inhabitants of the respective Townships or Places through which the said Road and Branch of Road shall pass, upon those Parts of the said Road and Branch of Road as pass through the same respective Townships or Places, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Township or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Township or Place, to bring in Lists before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons,) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Township or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be

done,

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxviii.

done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and out of such Lists the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road or Branch of Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be done at such Days and at such Times, (not being Hay-time or Harvest) and in such Parts of the said Road or Branch of Road, nevertheless within the same Township or Place wherein the Party resides, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lists shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the Surveyor or Surveyors of such Townships or Places respectively, who shall collect and receive the same for the Use of the said Trustees, and afterwards pay over the same to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Surveyor, at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Surveyor or Surveyors, or of the other Persons respectively liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorised or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them at his, her, or their usual Residence, Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject and liable to by any Law or Statute in Force or Effect for Repair of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road or Branch of Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and discharge the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid as if be had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road or Branch of Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer or Surveyor to the said Trustees and applied towards amending the said Road or Branch of Road; and if any Surveyor of the Highways for any of the said Townships or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof in Manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and

700 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxviii.

and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds:Provided always, that the full Amount of the Composition Money received or gathered in any one Parish, Township, or Place, and paid to the said Trustees as aforesaid, shall be laid out and expended in the Repair of that Part of the said Road or Branch of Road lying within the same Township or Place.

Trustees may XC. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and compound may be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of any Township or Work?tUtC Ptace, through which the said Road or Branch of Road shall pass, or any other Person or Persons, by and with the Consent of the Inhabitants of the same Township or Place respectively first had at any Vestry or other public Meeting of such Inhabitants, who shall be summoned together for that Purpose, to compound and agree from Time to Time with the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for a certain Sum of Money, by the Year or otherwise, in lieu of the Statute Work to be performed by such respective Inhabitants upon Composition any Part of the said Road or Branch of Road; and in case such Com-Mon^how position Money shall not be paid to the said Trustees, or any Five or covered" more of them, or to such Person as they shall appoint to receive the same, within Ten Days after the same shall be due and demanded, it shall be lawful for any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County Palatine of Chester upon Oath made before him or them of such Default, which Oath the said Justice or Justices is or are hereby empowered to administer, and he or they is and are hereby required to issue a Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, empowering such Person so by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, appointed to receive such Composition Money, to levy the same by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons who hath or have made such Composition as aforesaid, and such Goods and Chattels so distrained, after the Space of Five Days, (such Composition Money and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and keeping the same not being sooner paid,) to sell, rendering the Overplus (if any there be) to the Owner or Owners thereof upon Demand, after the Composition Money and all reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale shall be deducted, which Composition Money shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act; and such Surveyors and other Persons by whom such Composition shall be made on Behalf of any of the said Townships or Places as aforesaid, shall be reimbursed such Composition Money, in such Manner as the Surveyors of the Highways are by the Laws now in being to be reimbursed the Monies by them expended in buying Materials for repairing the Highways.

Penalties XCI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, how to be an(j Fines hereby inflicted or authorized to be imposed, the Manner and°appHed. of levying and Recovery whereof is not herein otherwise directed, shall, upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any One Justice of the Peace for the said County Palatine of Chester, either by the Confession of the Party or Parties offending, or by the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward,) be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant or Warrants such Justice is hereby 6 empowered

T GEORGII IV. Cap. xxviii. 701

empowered to grant for those Purposes); and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are recovered and deducted, shall be returned, upon Demand, unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines when paid or recovered shall be, if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act, from Time to Time paid, One Half to the Informer, and the other Half to any Five or more of the said Trustees, or to their Clerk, Treasurer or Treasurers, and applied in the Repair of the said Road or Branch of Road; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid upon Conviction, then it shall be lawful for such Justice to order the Offender or Offenders so convicted to be detained, and kept in safe Custody, until Return can conveniently be made to such Warrant of Distress, unless the Offender or Offenders shall give sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Justice, for his, her, or their Appearance before such Justice, on such Day or Days as shall be appointed for the Return of such Warrant of Distress, such Day or Days not being more than Ten Days from the Time of taking any such Security, and which Security the said Justice is hereby empowered to take, by way of Recognisance or otherwise; but if upon the Return of such Warrant it shall appear that no sufficient Distress can be had thereupon, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, or any other Justice of the Peace for the said County, and he is hereby authorised and required by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the said County Palatine of Chester, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties,

Forfeitures, and Fines, and all reasonable Charges shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XCII. And for the more speedy and easy Conviction of Offenders For themore against this Act, be it enacted, That all and every Justice or Justices Co"f.‘ of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted offenders, of any Offence against this present Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the like Effect, as the Case shall happen;

(this is to say,)

Chester, of| remembered, That on the Form of

To wit. j‘ Day of in the Year of our Lord Conviction.

‘ A.B. is convicted before me,

* C.D. one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County

* Palatine of Chester, [.specifying the Offence, Time and Place when ‘ and where the same was committed, as the Case may be, without further

* setting forth the Information or Evidence against the Defendant.J ‘ Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year first above

* mentioned.

And that no Objection shall be made or Advantage taken for want of Proceedings Form in any such Conviction, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, not to and that no Proceeding to be had touching any Offender or Offenders Jantof for [Local.] 8 P against Form.

702 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxviii.

against this Act, shall be quashed, vacated, or discharged for want of Form only.

Persons ag- XCIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think

fneJaeidtomthy or herself aggrieved by any Thing done by virtue of this Act,

Quarter°1 e ant* for which no particular Method of Relief hath been appointed. Sessions. such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the First General Quarter Session of the Peace to be held for the said County Palatine of Chester, within Six Calendar Months after the Matter of such Complaint shall have arisen, such Appellant

Notice of first giving or causing to be given Twenty-one Days Notice at

Appeal to be t|ie jeast in Writing, of his, her, or their Intention to bring such

given’ Appeal, and of the Cause or Matter thereof, to the Treasurer or

Clerk of the said Trustees, and within Four Days after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try Recogni- such Appeal, and abide the Order of the said Quarter Session; and enteredinto sa^ Justices at their said Session, upon due Proof of such Notice In °' being given, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine such Appeal in a summary Way, and if they see Cause may, by Order of such Session, mitigate at their Discretion all or any of the said Penalties, or vacate and set aside any Conviction or Convictions of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or otherwise may ratify and confirm the same, and award such Costs to either of the Parties or otherwise as they may think proper, and may also order such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they shall judge reasonable; and the Determination of the said Justices shall be binding and conclusive upon all Parties to all Intents and Purposes.

Limitation XCIV. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be of Actions, brought by any Person or Persons for any Thing done by virtue of this Act, till after Fourteen clear Days Notice thereof in Writing shall be given to the Person or Persons against whom such Action shall be intended to be so brought, thereby setting forth the Cause of such Action, or left at his or their last or usual Place of Abode; and that every Action brought for any Thing done as aforesaid shall be brought within the Space of Three Calendar Months next after the Cause thereof shall arise, and shall be laid and tried in the said County or Place where the Cause of Action shall have arisen, and General the Defendant or Defendants therein may plead the General Issue, Issue. and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, and that the same was done by virtue thereof j and if on the Trial of such Action it shall appear that the same was brought before the Expiration of Fourteen Days next after such Notice shall have been so given or left as aforesaid, or after the End of Three Calendar Months next after the Cause thereof shall arise, or if such Action shall be brought or laid in any other County than as aforesaid, or if after sufficient Tender of Amends shall have been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, then and in every the Cases aforesaid the Jury on the Trial of such Action shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and in all Cases where any Verdict shall be found for any Defendant or Defendants in such Action, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein

shall

703

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. xxviii.

shall discontinue the same after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared thereto, or shall be nonsuited, or if* upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against such Plaintiff* or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action shall have Treble Costs, and Treble the like Remedies for recovering the same as Defendants have for Costs-recovering their Costs in other Cases by Law.

[Public Act.]

XCV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence Term and and take Place on the passing thereof, and shall continue and be in force for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then 0 116 next Session of Parliament.

The SCHEDULE referred to by the foregoing Act.

In Thelwall:

A Plantation

Occupie

William Fox, Esqui

A Garden -A Garden -A Garden -A Garden -

- James Heyes -

- Edward Hatton

- John Knowles -

- John Leigh the elder

Mary Hinton.

Himself

Samuel Southern.

John Leigh the younger.

In Lymm:

A Garden A Garden

A Garden A Garden A Garden A Garden A Garden A Garden A Garden A Garden A Garden A Garden A Garden A Garden

Mrs. Percival ... Robert Taylor, Esquire -

- - - Ditto

- - - Ditto

- - - Ditto

- - - Ditto Devisees in trust of the late

Sir Peter Warburton, Bart. George John Legh, Esq. Martha Penkett

Samuel Okell -John Thorpe -- - Ditto - - Ditto J- Thomas Darbyshire Mr. Whitlow -

William Bullock Thomas Lawton

- - Robert Taylor, Esquire -

- - Ditto Trafford Trafford, Esquire

Peter Moores.

Peter Moores the younger.

George Leigh. Himself.

Ann Street.

William Kinsey. Himself.

Himself.

Herself.

Himself.

Ralph Mottram.

John Radcliffe.

John Irlam.

Thomas Baguley.

In Agden:

An Orchard An Orchard A Garden -

Sir John Chetwode, Bart.

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

Henry Kelsall.

John Harrison,

James Hollingworth.

(continued) '

704

I° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxviii

In Bollington:

A Garden - -1

A Garden -A Garden -A Garden -A Garden -

In Altrincham:

A House -

In Baguley: An Orchard

A Garden -A Garden -A Garden -A Garden -A Garden -

In Cheadle Bulkeley

A Garden -A Garden -A Garden -A Garden -A Garden -

A Garden A Garden A Garden A Garden A Garden A Garden A Garden A Garden A Garden A Garden A Garden A Garden A Garden A Garden A Garden

The Earl of Stamford and Warrington

- - - Ditto

- - - Ditto

- - - Ditto

- - - Ditto

John Drinkwater and Mary his Wife ... The Earl of Stamford and Warrington

Thomas William Tatton, Esc

Trustees of Sharson School Thomas Worthington - Ditto Josiah Hardey Thomas Moreton -

William Pass -Jeremiah Williamson

- - - Ditto

- - - Ditto

- - - Ditto

The Viscount Bulkeley -

- - - Ditto

- - - Ditto

- - - Ditto

- - - Ditto

- - - Ditto

- - - Ditto

- - - Ditto

- - - Ditto

- - - Ditto

- - - Ditto

- - - Ditto

- - - Ditto

- - - Ditto Josiah Haughton

J John Johnson Mrs. Cheetham Robert Booth William Leigh Thomas Webster -

Occupiers.

Himself.

Hannah Mills. Himself.

Himself.

George Chorlton and John Thorpe.

George Beaumont, late William Clayton. William Ashley.

John Mitchell.

Himself.

William Richardson. William Massey. John Woodall. Himself.

Himself.

John Williamson. Thomas Yates. Joseph Challinder. William Sykes. Richard Emerson.

Robert Booth. Benjamin Bramall. George Bowring. William Bolton. John Ryle.

Daniel Cheetham. Widow Atkinson. Thomas Nixon. Aaron Hydes. Richard Cooper. John Barnett. Joseph Scholfield. John Wright. Jeremiah Boothley. William Robinson.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1820.

I

ANNO PRIMO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. xxix.

An Act to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for making and maintaining the Road from or near Whiteburn, in the County of Berwick, to the Town of Kelso, in the County of Roxburgh.

[22d June 1820.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for making and maintaining the Road from 39G.S. c.s. or near Whiteburn, in the County o/Rerwick, to the Town of Kelso, in the County of Roxburgh, to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, certain Persons were appointed Trustees for surveying, making, amending, widening, straightening, and keeping in Repair the Road in the said Act mentioned and described:And whereas the said Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act into Execution, and have expended considerable Sums of Money in making and maintaining the said Road* but the same cannot be effectually repaired and kept in Repair, nor the Money owing thereon be paid, unless the said Act be enlarged and amended, and unless Powers be given to levy increased Rates of Toll: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Former Act Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and continued. [Local.J 8 Q all

706 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxix.

all and every the Clauses, Exemptions, Powers, Authorities, Articles, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things therein contained, (except so far as the same are altered, varied, or repealed by this present Act) shall continue and be executed for and during the Term hereinafter mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were herein repeated and re-enacted; and the said additional Term hereby granted, and all the Tolls and Duties by the said recited Act and this Act authorized to be levied, shall be and they are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money which have been advanced, whether by Loan, Subscription, or otherwise, or are now due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls by the said recited Act granted, and all such Sum or Sums of Money as shall or may be borrowed for the Purposes of the said recited Act or this Act, and of all Interest due or to grow due for the same respectively.

Rates of

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of To11, this Act the Rates of Toll in and by the said recited Act granted shall cease and determine, and it shall and may be lawful to the said Trustees, or their Collectors or Tacksmen under their Authority, in lieu of the Tolls in and by the said recited Act granted, to take and levy at each of the Gates erected or to be erected by the Authority of the said recited Act or of this Act before any Passage be permitted, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Tolls and Duties following; that is to say.

For every Horse, Mule, or other Beast whatsoever, (if more than One), drawing any Coach, Berlin, Barouche, Landau, Hearse, Chariot, Chaise, Chair, or other such Carriage, Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mule, or other Beast whatsoever, (if not more than One), drawing any such Carriage, Four-pence:

For every Horse, Mule, Ox, or other Beast whatsoever, if more than Three in Number, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, Four-pence:

For every Horse, Mule, Ox, or other Beast whatsoever, if not more than Three nor less than Two, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, Three-pence:

For every Horse, Mule, Ox, or other Beast whatsoever, if only One, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, Four-pence:

For every Plorse, Mule, or Ass, laden or unladen and not drawing, Three-pence:

For every Score of Oxen, Cows, or neat Cattle, or Horses, Mules, or Asses unshod, One Shilling and Eight-pence; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Score of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, Lambs, Goats, or Kids, Ten-pence; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number.

III. Provided always, That if there are or shall be erected in the Course of any Part of the said Road any Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, at a less Distance from each other than Six Miles, then any Person producing a Ticket to show that the Toll has been paid at any One of such Gates shall not for the same Carriage, or Horse,

Tolls to be paid but once in Six Miles. Tickets to be given on

la GEORGII IV. Cap. xxix.

or other Cattle (unless returning with a new Loading or Fare a Second or more limes), on the same Day, pay any Toll at any other Gate on the said Road, which shall be within Six Statute Miles of the former, at which the Toll denoted by such Ticket shall have been paid; and every Collector or Receiver of the Tolls shall and he is hereby required, upon Payment of any of the Tolls by this Act granted, to deliver gratis to the Person paying such Toll a Note ot Ticket denoting such Payment, and which Note or Ticket shall be provided by the said Trustees; and there shall be printed and specified thereon the Name or Names of the Gate or Gates freed by such Payment.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That for all Waggons, Wains, Broad Carts, or other such Carriages which shall travel with Broad Wheels of Wheels to the Description after specified, there shall only be demanded and payasmaller taken One-half only of the Tolls and Duties herein-before charged on bum" such Waggons, Wains, Carts and other Carriages respectively; provided every such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage with Two Wheels, shall have the Soles or Bottoms of the Fellies of all the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Five Inches at least, and be cylindrical, that is to say, of the same Diameter on the Inside next the Carriage as on the Outside, and in every intermediate Part between the Inside and Outside, so that when such Wheels shall be rolling on a flat or level Surface the whole Breadth thereof shall bear equally on such flat or level Surface; and provided that the opposite Ends of the Axletrees of such Waggon,

Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, so far as the same shall be inserted in the respective Naves of the Wheels thereof, shall be horizontal, and in the Continuance of One straight Line without forming any Angle with each other, and so that in each Pair of Wheels belonging to such Carriage the lower Parts when resting on the Ground shall be at the same Distance from each other as the upper Parts of such Pair of Wheels, and further having the Nails sunk level with the Rings on the Wheels; and provided every such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage with Four Wheels, the Wheels thereof being cylindrical as before-mentioned, shall have the Axletrees thereof of such different Lengths that the fore and hind Wheels shall roll only One single Surface or Path of Seven Inches and One Half wide at least on each Side of such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage; provided also, that every Person claiming the Privilege so granted to Broad-wheeled Carriages shall permit the same to be examined and measured by any Person appointed by the said Trustees or concerned in the Collection of the said Tolls or Duties.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall happen For settling concerning any Tolls due or the Charges occasioned by any Distress Disputes made under the said recited Act or this Act, it shall be lawful ^n£erninS for the Collector or Person so distraining to retain such Distress, ° S’ or the Money arising from the Sale thereof, until the Amount of the Tolls or the Charges of the Distress, as the Case may happen, be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the County wherein the Cause of Dispute shall arise, who upon Application made to him for that Purpose shall examine the Matter by Oath of the Parties, or of a Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such

Justice

707

Payment of Toll.

708 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxix.

Justice is hereby authorized to administer), and shall determine the Amount of the Tolls due, and shall assess and award such Costs to be paid by either Party to the other of them as to the said Justice shall appear just and reasonable; all which Costs and Charges shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Effects of the Party liable to pay the same, by Warrant under the Hand of such Justice, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting the Costs and Charges of making such Distress and Sale, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and sold.

Further

VI. And be it further enacted, That for and notwithstand-

Exemptions ing of any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the con-

from Toll. trary5 no Tolls or Duties shall be demanded or taken in virtue of the said recited Act or of this Act, for any Horses or Carriages attending His Majesty, or any of the Royal Family; nor shall any Tolls or Duties be demanded or taken for any Carriages or Horses carrying any Person or Persons to or from their Parochial Church or Chapel; or from any Person or Persons going to or returning from his, her, or their usual Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, within their own Parish, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; nor for any Carriage, Horse, or other Cattle carrying any Clergyman upon his ministerial Duty within his own Parish; nor for any Horses or Carriages employed in conveying the Mails of Letters or Expresses, under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster-General, either when employed in conveying, or in returning after having conveyed the same, except in so far as such Horses or Carriages are specially made liable to the Payment of Tolls or Duties by virtue of an Act made in the Fifty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to repeal the Exemption from Toll granted for or in respect of Carriages with more than Two Wheels, carrying the Mail in Scotland, and for granting a Rate for Postage as an Indemnity for the Loss which may arise to the Revenue of the Post-Office from the Payment of such Tolls; nor shall any Toll be demanded for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, or the Horse or Horses or other Cattle drawing the same, which shall be employed in conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat, or other Public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces; nor for the Horses or Carriages of Officers or Soldiers upon their March or upon Duty, nor for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages employed in carrying and conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or in carrying any sick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers, or returning from carrying or conveying the same; nor for any Horse or Horses furnished by or for any Person or Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry'or Volunteer Cavalry or Infantry, and rode by him or them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise; provided always, that such Persons shall be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations appointed for such Corps respectively; nor for Carts, Carriages, or Waggons travelling

with

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxix. 709

with and conveying Vagrants or Criminals sent with legal Passes, or returning from conveying the same.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or driving Exempting or causing to be driven any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Car- Carriages riage provided for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or convey- with Store"-ing any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat, or other Public Stores

of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, shall be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture for Overweight, nor shall any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, orother Carriage be stopped or detained by reason of any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen, but it shall be lawful for any Owner or Driver of such Waggon, Wain,

Cart, orother Carriage to put any Number of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage; any Tiling in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in this Act contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person shall Penalty on

claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions from Toll herein-before mentioned, not being legally entitled to the same, every , here not such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not entitled exceeding Forty Shillings. thereto.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Collector, whe- Forprevent-ther a Lessee of any of the said Tolls or appointed by the said ing Toll Col-Trustees to collect any of the Tolls by the said recited Act or this Act granted, shall and he is hereby required to place his Christian Tolls, and Surname painted on a Board in legible Characters in the Front or some other conspicuous Part of the Toll-House or Toll-Gate, at the Time of his beginning to collect such Tolls, each of the Letters of such Name or Names to be at least One Inch in Length, and of a Breadth in proportion, and painted either in White Letters on a Black Ground or Black Letters on a White Ground, and shall continue the same so placed during the whole Time he shall continue to collect such Tolls; and if any Collector of the said Tolls shall not place such Board as aforesaid, and keep the same there during the Time aforesaid, or shall demand or take a greater or less Toll from any Person than he shall be authorized to do by' virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, or of the Orders and Resolutions of the Trustees made in pursuance thereof, or shall demand and take a Toll from any Person or Persons who shall be exempt from the Payment thereof, and claim such Exemption, or shall refuse to permit or suffer or shall in any wise hinder any Person or Persons from reading such Christian or Surname, or shall refuse to tell his Christian or Surname to any Person or Persons who shall demand the same on having paid the said Tolls or any of them, or shall in answer to such Demand give a false Name or Names, or shall refuse or neglect to give a Ticket denoting the Payment of the said Toll, and naming and specifying the several Gates freed by such Payment, or upon the legal Toll being paid or tendered shall unnecessarily detain or wilfully obstruct, hinder, or prevent any Passenger or Passengers from passing CLocal.} 8 R through

710

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxix.

through any Turnpike or Toll-Gate, or shall make Use of any scurrilous or abusive Language to any Trustee, Treasurer, Clerk, Surveyor, or other Officer, or any Passenger or Passengers, then and in every such Case every such Toll Collector shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence, as the Justice or Justices to whom any Complaint shall be made shall adjudge; and such Penalty shall be levied, recovered, and applied as other Penalties and Forfeitures are by the said recited Act directed to be levied, recovered, and applied.

Trustees not X. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained to adminis- shall extend to authorise or empower the said Trustees, or any of ter Oaths on administer any Oath or Oaths to any Collector or Receiver

Collectors’ the Tolls by this Act granted for the Purpose of verifying his Accounts. Accounts; any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Proceedings

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall cause In^Boofc6* to provided and kept a proper Book or Books, and fair and regular Entries to be made therein of all their Acts, Orders, and Proceedings relative to the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, and of the Names of all such Trustees as shall be present at their several Meetings; and all Entries in such Book or Books being signed by the Preses of the Meeting shall be deemed Originals, and shall be allowed to be read as Evidence in all Cases, Suits, Actions, Prosecutions, and Proceedings touching or concerning any thing done in pursuance of this Act; and that such Book or Books shall at all the said Meetings, and at all other seasonable Times, be open and liable to the Inspection of all and every the said Trustees, and of the Creditors on the Tolls by the said recited Act and this Act granted and made payable; and that any of the said Trustees and Creditors shall and may have and take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy not exceeding One hundred Words the Sum of Sixpence, and so in Proportion for any greater Number of Words.

Accounts to

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and be kept of they are hereby required from Time to Time, and at all Times during D^uree- the Continuance of the said recited Act and this Act, to order and XI)ents, which direct a Book or Books to be provided and kept by their Clerk for the shall be open Time being; in which Book or Books such Clerk or Clerks shall enter to the In- or cause to be entered true and regular Accounts of all Sums of Money the^frustees received, paid, laid out, and expended, for or on Account of the said and Cre- Road, and of the several Articles, Matters, and Things for which

ditors. such Sums of Money shall have been disbursed, laid out, and paid,

which Book or Books shall at all the Meetings of the said Trustees, and at all other seasonable Times, be open to the Inspection of the said Trustees, and of any Creditor or Creditors on the Tolls by the said recited Act and this Act granted, without Fee or Reward; and the said Trustees and Creditors, or any of them, shall and may take Copies of or Extracts from the said Book or Books, or any Part or Parts thereof, without paying any Thing for the same; and in case the said Clerks shall refuse to permit or shall not permit the said Trustees or such Creditors or any of them to inspect the same, or to

take

711

1° GEORG 11, IV. Cap. xsdx.

tike such Copies or Extracts as aforesaid, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied, recovered, and applied as other Penalties and Forfeitures are by the said recited Act directed to be levied, recovered, and applied,

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Clerks, Treasurers, Col- Officers to, lectors. Overseers, Surveyors, and other Officers and Persons to be account* chosen and appointed by the said Trustees under the said recited Act and this Act, shall from Time to Time, when thereunto re^ quired by the said Trustees, deliver to such Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose appoint, true, exact, and perfect Accounts in Writing, under their respective Hands, of all Monies which they and every of them respectively shall have received to that Time by virtue of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid or disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their or any of their Hands to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, and not otherwise; and if any Proceedings such Officer or Person shall refuse or neglect to produce or deliver against them up such Accounts and the Vouchers relating to the same, or shall xjt° refuse or neglect to pay the Money due on such Accounts in ° Manner aforesaid, or if any such Officer or Person shall refuse or neglect to deliver up to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Ten Days after being thereunto required by the said Trustees, all the Books, Papers, and Writings in his Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, then in every or any of the said Cases it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place wherein such Officer or Person so refusing or neglecting shall be or reside, upon Complaint made to them by Two or more of the said Trustees, and such Justices are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands, to cause such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons to be brought before them, and upon his, her, or their appearing, or not being found, to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way, and to settle the said Account or Accounts if produced; and if upon the Confession of the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons against whom any such Complaint shall be made, or by the Oath or Oaths of any Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath or Oaths such Justices are hereby empowered and required to administer), or upon Inspection of the said Accounts, if produced, it shall appear to such Justices that any of the Monies which shall have been collected or received shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers,

Person or Persons, such Justices may and they are hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Effects of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; and if no Goods or Effects can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money and the Charges of distraining and selling the same* or if such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons shall not appear before the said Justices, unless for some sufficient Excuse alleged, at the Time Oi and

712 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxix.

and Place by them' appointed for that Purpose, or if appearing shall refuse or neglect to give and deliver to such Justices an Account or Accounts of all Receipts and Payments as aforesaid, or to procure and deliver up to the said Justices the several Vouchers and Receipts relating to such Accounts respectively, or the Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings in his, her, or their Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, or to the said Turnpike Road, then and in either of the Cases aforesaid such Justices may and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands, to commit such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Town, or Place where such Offender shall be or reside, there to remain until he shall have given and made a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded and agreed with the said Trustees, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as the said Trustees shall appoint, and which Composition the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make, or until he shall have delivered up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or made Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees; provided always, that no Person who shall be so committed for want of sufficient Distress shall be detained in Prison, by virtue of this Act, for a longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person who has been or may be appointed to act as their Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk, the Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act; or to appoint the Person who may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, the Clerk to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall act in both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer by virtue of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer shall act as Clerk in the Execution of this Act; every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered by summary Complaint before the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions of the County where the Offender may reside.

For Preven-

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall tion of Nui- wilfully or negligently injure, destroy, break down, or otherwise nances. damage, or shall ride on or drive or lead any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage, over or upon any Footpath or Causeway made or to be made on the Side or Sides of the said Road or any Part thereof, or shall wilfully or negligently damage or destroy any of the Fences, Walls, or Gates on the Sides of the said Road, and belonging thereto; or if any Driver of any Waggon or other Carriage shall wilfully or carelessly break or damage any of the Posts or Stones which may be erected for the Security of the Footpaths or Causeways belonging thereto; or if any Person or Persons shall plough over or drag any Plough upon any Part of the said Road, or in ploughing shall turn any Horse or other Beast drawing any plough upon any 16 Part

Offices of Clerk and Treasurer not to be held by the same Person.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xx.ix.

Part of the said Road, to the Prejudice or Injury thereof4; or if any Person or Persons shall wilfully displace or remove any of the Materials for making or rephiring the said Road, or whereof the said Rbad shall be made, or if any Person or Persons shall haul or dra\r*or cause to be hauled or drawn upon any Part of the said Road any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone (otherwise than upon wheeled Carriages), or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber or Stone, which shall be carried upon a wheeled Carriage, to drag upon any Part of the said Road to the Prejudice or Injury thereof, or if any Person or Persons shall allow any Timber, Iron, or other solid Matter, (excepting Machinery framed or put together or any Article of Metal cast in one Piece,) to project or extend more than One Foot over the Wheels of the Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage whereon the same shall be drawn and transported; or shall draw or transport on any Part of the said Roads upon any Cart or other Carriage with less than Four Wheels any Timber or other Matter exceeding Twenty-four Feet in Length; or if any Person or Persons shall after having blocked or stopped any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever in going up any Hill or rising Ground, leave or suffer or permit to be and remain on any Part of the said Road, the Stone or other Thing used in such blocking or stopping; or if any Person driving any Pigs or Swine upon the said Road shall suffer the same to root up or damage the said Road, or any Part thereof, or the Fences or Hedges on either Side thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall leave or suffer any Horse, Cattle, Sheep, Beast, Pig, or Swine to grazfe or to be and remain loose on the said Road; or if any Person driving any Coach, Chaise, or Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage upon the said Road and meeting another Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage shall not keep his Carriage on the left or near Side of the said Road; or if any Person or Persons shall in any Manner wilfully prevent any other Person from passing him, her, or them ujrnn the said Road, or the Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage under his, her, or their Care; or if any Person shall erect any Lime-Kiln or Brick-Kiln, or shall make or assist in making any Fire or Fires whatsoever, or shall set fire to or let off or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent, or Firework whatsoever in the open Air within Sixty Yards of the Centre of the said Road; or play at Football or any other Game or Games whatsoever on any Part of the said Road to- the Annoyance of Persons travelling thereon; or if any Person or Persons shall leave on any Part of the said Road any Waggfcn, Cart, of* other Carriage, or any Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Husbandry, without some reasonable Cause to be allowed by the Justice of the Peace before whom the Person so offending shall be summoned or conveyed in order to his, her, or their Conviction, and save and except with regard to such Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage during such reasonable Time as the same shall be loading or unloading, and standing as near to the Side of the Road as conveniently may be, in, upon, or on the Side of the Road, either with or without any Horse or Beast of Draught harnessed or yoked thereto; or if any Person or Persons shall lay any Piece of Timber, or any Stones, Brick, Hay, Straw, Lime, Coal, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, or make any Pit or Hole on any Part of the said ' [Local.] 8 S ' Road,

714 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. XXix.

Road, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice or Injury thereof, or to the Annoyance, Hinderance, or Prejudice of any Person or Persons travelling thereon, or shall do any other Damage or Injury to the said Road or any Part thereof, every Person so offending (besides removing the Nuisance) shall for every such offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied, recovered, and applied as other Penalties and Forfeitures are by the said recited Act directed to be levied, recovered, and applied.

Gates not to

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all Gates to be hereafter theRo'ad0 raade and placed in any Field or Ground adjoining any Part of the said Road, and so near to the same that by opening outwards such Gates can encroach upon and obstruct any Part of the said Roads, shall be made and hung to open and swing inwards towards such Field or Ground, and not towards the Road; and that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to order all such Gates so situated as are now erected or may hereafter be erected and open and swing outwards towards the said Road, to be altered and made to open and swing inwards, or else to be removed; and if any Occupier or Occupiers of the Lands upon which any Gate or Gates is or are or shall be constructed so as to open and swing outward towards the said Road, shall (after Ten Days Notice from the Surveyor of the said Road requiring him, her, or them to alter any such Gate or Gates, and to make the same to open and swing inwards, or to remove such Gate or Gates to such a Distance from the said Road that they cannot by swinging outwards hang over or obstruct any Part of the said Road) refuse or neglect to make such Alterations, or after such Alterations shall have been once made shall again alter the same, every such Occupier or Occupiers shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

Former Act

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the whole Clauses, Powers, continue . provisoeS) Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things in the said recited Act contained, in so far as the same are not altered or repealed by this present Act, shall subsist and be effectual, and shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act, so far as the same are respectively applicable, in the same Manner as if the Clauses, Matters and Things herein contained had made Part of the said recited Act.

Expence of

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Expence of procuring this Act. and passing this Act shall be paid out of the first and readiest of the Tolls and Duties received and levied under and by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act.

[Public Act.]

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Its Com-

XX. And be it further enacted, jThat this Act shall commence from mencement and after the passing of this Act, and that all the Clauses, Powers, Pro-and Endue- vjsoeSj Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things in the said recited Act

r GEORGII IV. Cap. xxix.

Act contained, so far as not altered or repealed by this Act, together with this Act, shall continue from thenceforth during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1820.

ANNO PRIMO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

•1^*9

Cap. xxx.

An Act for more effectually improving the Road from Gateshead, in the County of Durham, to the Church Lane near Ryton Lane Head, and from the Bar Moor to the Hexham Turnpike Road near Dilston Bar, in the County of Northumberland, and other Roads therein described; and also for altering the Line of a certain Part of the first above-mentioned Road.

[22d June 1820.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for more effectually amending, widening, im- 39G 3 c 51 proving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Gateshead, in the County of Durham, to the Church Lane, near Ryton Lane Head, and from the Bar Moor to the Hexham Turnpike Road near Dilston Bar, in the County (^Northumberland j and also several other Roads therein described, lying within the said Counties: And whereas a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads, which still remains due, and the same cannot be paid off and the said Roads kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is enlarged; and it is expedient for these Purposes that the Powers and Provisions of the said Act should be repealed, and further and other Powers granted instead thereof:

And whereas it would very much facilitate the Passage of Carts and [Local.'] 8 T heavy

718

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx.

heavy Carriages, and be of great public Utility, to alter and turn that Part of the said Road which lies between Stella House and Ryton Lane Head, in the Parish of Ryton, in the County of Durham aforesaid, and instead thereof to make a new Road, beginning at the present Road at Stella House aforesaid, and passing along the private Road of Peregrine Edward Towneley Esquire, to a House situate a little to the East from Stella Hall, in the Occupation of James Codling, and thence past Stella Hall, and along the Side of the Crofts Main Waggonway, to join the old Iload again at Ryton Lane Head aforesaid, and such new Road will pass through the Parish of Ryton aforesaid, and the several Townships of Stella and Ryton, in the County of Durham; and it is expedient that Powers should be granted for that Purpose; but the several Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament Recited Act assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the repealed. Third Monday next after the passing of this Act, the said Act passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, shall be and the same is hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void, Roads to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and that instead thereof, on described. t]ie same Day, this Act shall commence and take effect, and shall be put

in Execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for the Purpose of repairing, amending, and improving the Road from Gateshead, in the County of Durham, to the Church Lane, near Ryton Lane Head, and from the Bar Moor to the Hexham Turnpike Road, near Dilston Bar, in the County of Northumberland; and also the Road from Mickley Bank to Lead Hill or Silver Hill; and also the Road cross certain Grounds late belonging to Crozier Surtees Esquire, but now to Robert Surtees Esquire, in the Parish of Ryton, in the County of Durham; and also the Road leading from or out of the said Turnpike Road at Swalwell, in the County of Durham aforesaid, through Swalwell, and so along Market Lane to Team Works, and from thence to Adam Askew Esquire’s Road, and then along the same into the said Turnpike Road at WindmillHiUs, near Gateshead aforesaid; and also for altering and diverting the Line of such Part of the said first above-mentioned Road as lies between Stella House and Ryton Lane Head, in the Parish of Ryton aforesaid, and for making instead thereof a new Road, beginning at the present Road at Stella House aforesaid, and passing along the private Road of Peregi'ine Edward Towneley Esquire, to a House situate a little to the East from Stella Hall, in the Occupation of James Codling, and thence past Stella Hall and along the Side of the Crofts Main Waggonway, to join the old Road again at Ryton Lane Head aforesaid; and this Act, and the Tolls hereby granted, shall be subject and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing upon the Credit of the said former Act, and also to the Payment of all Sums of Money which shall or may hereafter be borrowed on the Credit of this Act, together with all Interest due, and which shall or may from Time to Time hereafter become due and payable for the same respectively.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx. 719

II. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of Trustees, the Peace acting for the respective Counties of Durham and Northumberland, together with Adam As/cexv, Richard Craster Askew, Robert Lancelot Allgood, James Allgood Clerk, Ralph Atkinson, Matthew Atkinson, Thomas Allason Clerk, Sir Francis Blike Baronet, Thomas Richard Beaumont, Thomas Wentworth Beaumont, Charles John Brandling, Robert William Brandling, Charles William Bigge, Thomas Han-way Bigge, Matthew Bell, Charles Bacon, John Bacon, Calverly B Bewicke, Christopher Blackett, Christopher Blackett the

younger, Joseph Bainbridge, John Barras, James Blackburn Clerk,

William Beaumont, George Baker, William Bainbridge, George Bainbridge, Nicholas Burnett, Dixon Brown, Sir 1 homos John Clavering Baronet, Charles John Clavering, John Clavering, Thomas Clennell,

Edward Charlton, John Blenkinsopp Coulson, William John Charlton,

William Cuthbert, Mark William Carr, Robert Clarke Clerk, Nathaniel Clayton, John Clayton, John Cookson, Isaac Cookson., John Cox, Thomas Davidson, John Davidson, William Donkin, George Dunn of Buckton,

George Dunn of Newcastle, Matthew Dunn, Matthias William Dunn,

Cuthbert Ellison, William Errington, Edward Emerson, Robert Eding-ton, John Fawcett Clerk, Joseph Forster, Barnabas Fenwick, Percival Fenwick, Christopher Fenwick, Ralph Fenwick, the Honourable Edward Grey Clerk, Ralph William Grey, the Rector of Gateshead for the Time being, George Gibson, William Greenwell, Michael Greene,

Jasper Gibson of Hexham, Sir Carnaby Haggerslone Baronet, Thomas Haggerstone, Thomas Haggerstone the younger, John Hunter, Thomas Emerson Headlam, Thomas Harvey, Oswald Head Clerk, James Hutchinson, George Hepplc, Sanderson Ildcrton, Robert Jobling, John Cres-well Jobling, Henry Johnson Clerk, James Kirsopp, John Kirsopp,

Thomas Kerr, Sir Thomas Henry Liddell Baronet, Sir Charles Jjoraine Baronet, Loraine, Sir Henry Lawson Baronet, John George

Lambton, Ralph John Lambton, Henry Thomas Liddell, Henry George Liddell, George Thomas Leaton, Richard Blenkinsopp Grey Leaton,

James Losh, John Lambton Loraine, Humble Lamb, Joseph Lamb,

William Loraine, Nicholas LeadbiUer, Nicholas Lead bitter the younger,

Richard Lambert, William Laws, Thomas Leadbitter, Sir Charles Miles Lambert Monck Baronet, Charles Atticvs Monck, Matthew Montagu,

Simon Mewbum, Simon Mewbum the younger, Thomas Meggison,

Nicholas Maughan, Samuel Pears Maughan, William Ord, William Ord of Nunnykirk, Ormston, Robert Pearson, Robert Pearson '

the younger, Thomas Patten, John Plummer, William Peters, Sir Matthew White Ridley Baronet, Colborne Ridley, Ralph Riddell of Fekon Park, Ralph Riddell of Cheesebum Grange, John Reed,

Christopher Reed, Archibald Reed, Henri) R.eed, the Rector of Ryton for the Time being, Henry Richmond, Henry Richmond the younger,

John Ridley, John Ruddock, Nicholas Ruddock, Nicholas Ridley Reed,

Sir John Edward Swinburne Baronet, Edward Swinburne, George Silvcrtop, Walter Selby, Henry Collingwood Selby, George Dalston Shajh, Anthony Surtees, Robert Surtees, William Surtees, David William Smith, William Smith of Haughton Castle, William Smith the younger, Sir John Trevelyan Baronet, John Trevelyan, Raleigh Trevelyan, Peregrine Edward Towneley, Charles Thorp Clerk, Robert Thorp, Henry Tulip, Francis Thompson Clerk, Sir Hedworth Williamson Baronet, Robert Hopper Williamson, Robert Hopper Williamson

the

720 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx.

the younger, Clerk, John Williamson, Henry Witham, the Rector of Whickham for the Time being, Henry Wastell Clerk, George Wilson Clerk, Robert Walters, Thomas Wailes, and John Walker, shall be, and they and their Successors, to be elected as herein-after mentioned, are hereby nominated and appointed Trustees, for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the said several Roads herein-before respectively described, and for putting in Execution the several Powers and Authorities by this Act given and granted.

l’ower to ap-

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said point add'- Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby autho-tees.a rUS rized and empowered, at any of their Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act, to elect and appoint any Number of Persons not exceeding Ten in the whole, to be Trustees for executing this Act, in addition to the Trustees by this Act appointed; and such Trustees so elected and appointed, shall be and they are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing this Act as if they had been herein named and appointed.

For appoint-

IV. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any of ingnewTrus- the Trustees hereby appointed, or to be elected and appointed in tees on Va- Manner herein-after mentioned, shall become by Bankruptcy or In-cancies. solvency disqualified to act, or shall die or refuse to act in the Execution of this Act, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time to elect and appoint any other fit Person to be a Trustee in the Room of every Trustee so disqualified to act, dying, or refusing to act as aforesaid j provided that Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting of the Trustees for every such Election, be given by any One or more of the said Trustees, or by the Clerk to the said Trustees, by affixing the same in Writing upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes erected or to be erected upon the said Roads, and by inserting such Notice in one or more of the Newspapers published at Newcastle-upon-Tyne, Twenty Days at least before every such Meeting; and every Person who shall be elected and appointed a Trustee, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, shall and may act with the surviving and remaining Trustees in the Execution of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes, as if he had been named and appointed a Trustee in and by this Act.

Qualification V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall of Trustees, be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, seised or possessed of ami in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Freehold or Copyhold Lands or Tenements, Tythes or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be Heir- Apparent of a Person so seised or possessed of Freehold or Copyhold Lands, Tenements, Tythes, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be possessed of a clear Personal Estate of the Amount or Value of Four thousand Pounds.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx. 721

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That every Trustee appointed, Truces to or to be elected and appointed, by virtue of this Act, before he shall lu e an at act as such (except in administering the Oath or Affirmation next herein-after mentioned) shall take and subscribe an Oath (or being

One of the People called Quakers, shall make and subscribe an Affirmation) in the Presence of any Two or more of the said Trustees (who are hereby authorized and empowered to administer and receive the same), in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

* J A.B. do swear, [or, being one of the People called Quakers, do Oath.

* solemnly affirm,] That I ani in my own Right [or, in Right of ‘ my Wife] truly and bond jide seised or possessed of and in the

* actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Freehold ‘ or Copyhold Lands, Tenements, Tithes, or Hereditaments, situate ‘ in the County of (Northumberland or Durham, as the Case may happen) of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above ‘ Reprizes [or, in case of an Heir Apparent, that I am Heir Apparent ‘ of C.D. who to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, is truly and ‘ bond Jide seised or possessed of and in the actual Possession or ‘ Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Freehold or Copyhold Lands,

* Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred and fitly Pounds above Reprizes; or, in case of Personal

* Estate, that I am truly and bond Jide possessed of a clear Personal ‘ Estate of the Amount or Value of Four thousand Pounds], and ‘ that I will truly and faithfully execute the Powers and Trusts ‘ reposed in me by an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign

* of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act [here

* insert the Title of this Act.'] So help me GOD. ’

And if any Person, not being so qualified, shall presume to act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and every Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, upon Proof given of his having acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act; provided nevertheless, that all Acts and Proceedings by any such Person as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, previous to his being convicted of the said Offence, shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable Trustees of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, during the Time holding he shall hold any Place of Profit under this Act, or who shall be place interested or concerned in any Contract or Contracts, or a Lessee, to act"01 Farmer, or Renter of the Tolls by this Act granted, or who shall

keep any Victualling House or other House of public Entertainment, or who shall sell any Wine, Cider, Ale, Beer or Spirituous Liquors by Retail; and that all such Trustees as are Justices of the Peace, may act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, not-\_LocaL] 8 U withstanding

722

Meetings

appointed,

Clerk to call Meetings, &c.

If the Clerk neglect or omit to call such Meetings, Trustees may do

Hours of meeting for

pences. Orders to be made at Meetings only, and a Majority of Trustees present concur therein. Orders not to be revoked unless Nine Trustees are present, and previous Notice given.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx.

withstanding their being Trustees, except only in Cases where they shall be personally interested.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall meet at the Joiner*s Arms Inn, at Ryton, in the County of Durham aforesaid, on the Third Monday next after the passing of this Act, at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, to proceed to the Execution of this Act, and shall then adjourn themselves to such Place near to the said Road, as they or any Five or more of them shall think proper; and if at any Meeting to be held by virtue of this Act, there shall not appear a sufficient Number of Trustees to adjourn to another Day, (Two Trustees being hereby declared to be sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment only); or in case the Trustees at any Time assembled shall omit or neglect to adjourn themselves, the Clerk to the said Trustees shall from Time to Time, in either of such Cases, by Notice in Writing, to be affixed and inserted in Manner aforesaid, at least Ten Days before the next Meeting, appoint the Trustees to meet at the Place where the last Meeting was held, or was appointed to have been held, on such Day as shall be specified in such Notice, not exceeding Three Calendar Months, nor less than Three Weeks after the Day on which such last-mentioned Meeting tvas held, or was to have been held as aforesaid; and in case the Clerk to the said Trustees shall refuse or neglect to give Notice, or shall by any Means be prevented from giving Notice as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Five or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting, at any Time or Times after the Space of Ten Days after such Refusal, Neglect, or Prevention of such Clerk or Clerks, by Notice in Writing under their Hands, to be affixed and inserted in Manner aforesaid, to appoint the Trustees to meet at some House near the said Roads, upon the Day Forthight after the Date of such last-mentioned Notice; but no Business shall be proceeded upon by the said Trustees, at any Meeting to be held under this Act, before the Hour of Ten in the Forenoon, and no Adjournment shall be made to, or any Meeting appointed to be held at any Hour later than Four in the Afternoon of the Day on which such Meeting shall be appointed to be held; and the said Trustees, at all their Meetings, shall defray their own Expences; and all Orders and Determinations of the said Trustees in the Execution of this Act, shall be made at Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, and not otherwise, (except as herein particularly mentioned), and no Order or Determination shall be made, unless a Majority of the Trustees present at a Meeting shall concur therein; nor shall any such Order or Determination be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless Nine Trustees shall be present, and unless the Person or Persons applying to have any such Order or Determination revoked or altered, shall give Notice thereof, in Writing to the Clerk to the said Trustees, and for want of such Clerk, to the Person or Persons acting as Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, to be by him or them inserted in Manner herein-before mentioned, at least Ten Days previous to the Meeting; and at every Meeting of the said Trustees a Chairman shall and may be appointed, and when and as often as it shall so happen that there shall be on Equality of Votes at 14 any

723

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx.

any such Meeting upon any Question (including the Vote of the Chairman) then and in every such Case the Chairman shall have, and he is hereby empowered to give the decisive or casting Vote.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Acts, Proceedings, Five Trustees Matters, and Things relative to the Execution of this Act, may be Qu^uam done and executed by any Five or more of the Trustees hereby uorum' nominated and appointed, or who shall hereafter be elected and appointed as aforesaid, except only in the Cases herein particularly directed to be done and executed by any greater Number of them.

X. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of Meetings on the said Trustees it shall at any Time be thought necessary that an Emer-earlier Day of Meeting should be appointed than the Day appointed gene, e8-by such Adjournment, in that Case it shall and may be lawful to

and for any Two or more of the said Trustees, or to and for the Clerk of the said Trustees, upon an Order in Writing signed by Two or more of the acting Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting, to appoint the Time, Place, and Purport of such intended Meeting, and to give Notice thereof in Manner before directed,

(such Time not being less than Ten Days after such Notice), and such earlier Meeting shall and may be held accordingly; and all the Proceedings of the Trustees at every such Meeting, shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in case the same had been held in pursuance of Adjournment.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Trustees Five or more of them, at their First or any subsequent Meeting, may appoint as Occasion shall require, shall and may by Writing under their officere-Hands elect and appoint a Clerk, Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors of such Money as shall be due and payable by virtue of this Act, and shall take such Security from such Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers,

Collector or Collectors, for the due Execution of his or their Office or Offices, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit, and also a Surveyor or Surveyors, and such other Officers as they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper; and also may from Time to Time remove such Clerks,

Treasurers, Collectors, Receivers, Surveyors, and other Officers, or any of them, as they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall see Occasion; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, out of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act, make such Allowance unto the Clerk, Treasurers,

Receivers, Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers so appointed, for and in consideration of the Care and Pains respectively taken in the Execution of their respective Offices, and to such other Persons as shall be assisting in and about the Execution of this Act, as to them the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall seem proper j and all such Officers and Persons shall from Time to Time, when Officer* to thereunto required by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of account, them, deliver to such Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of them, shall for that Purpose appoint, a true and perfect Account in Writing under their respective Hands,

of

724

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx.

of all Monies which shall have been by them respectively had, collected or received, and how and to whom and for what Purpose the same and every Part thereof shall have been disposed of, together with the Vouchers and Receipts for such Payments; and also such Officers and Persons shall and are hereby respectively required to pay all such Monies, as upon the Balance of such Account or Accounts shall appear to be in their Hands, to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of or be punish- them, shall appoint to receive the same; and if the said Officers ed’ or Persons, or any of them, shall refuse or neglect to render and

give such Account as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers and Receipts relating to the same, or to pay the Balance remaining in their Hands, when thereunto required, in Manner aforesaid; or if any such Officers or Persons shall refuse or neglect to deliver up to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint; within Ten Days after being thereunto required by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or by such other Person or Persons, all Books, Papers, and Writings in their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, then and in every such Case Complaint being made by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or by any Person or Persons on their Behalf, of any such Neglect or Refusal, to any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing shall live or reside, such Justice may and is hereby-authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants, to cause such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, to be brought before him, and upon his or their appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way, and to settle the said Account or Accounts, if produced, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them might have done; and if upon the Confession of the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, against whom such Complaint shall be made, or by the Oath or Oaths of any Witness or Witnesses, it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies which shall have been collected or received shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justice may and is hereby authorized and empowered, upon Nonpayment thereof, by a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; and if no Goods and Chattels can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of taking and making such Distress, and of selling the same; or if such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, shall not appear before the said Justice at the Time and Place appointed for that Purpose, or if appearing, shall refuse or neglect to give and deliver to the said Justice, an Account or Accounts of Receipts and Payments as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up to the said Justice the several Vouchers and Receipts relating to such Accounts respectively, or to deliver up all such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, then and in either of the Cases aforesaid, the said Justice may and is hereby authorized and required, by a Warrant or Warrants under his

725

1* GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx.

his Hand and Seal, to commit such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County or Place where he or they shall live or reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he or they shall have delivered in and settled his or their Accounts, and shall have delivered up the Vouchers and Receipts relating thereto, and shall have paid all the Money which shall appear to be in his and their respective Hands, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale, as shall in that respect have been made, or until he or they shall have compounded with the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them for the same, and paid the Composition Money to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers, or to such other Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, and which Composition the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to make, or until he or they shall have delivered up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them:Provided always, that no Person who shall be committed for want of sufficient Distress only, shall be detained in Prison for any longer Time than Six Calendar Months.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons Persons who

who shall have been employed, or who shall have received any Jl3* rce‘!fd Tolls or other Money, by virtue or on account of the said former 0J’ y

Act, or shall have in their Custody or Possession any Books, former Act to Accounts, Papers, Writings, or other Things relating to the said account with Roads, shall account for the same, and every Part thereof, to the m

said Trustees, in like Manner and under the like Penalties as the 1 e ann*r* several other Officers and Persons herein-before directed are required

to account.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any powerto Collector or Receiver of the Tolls shall neglect, or be incapable of discharge performing his Duty, or shall abscond or absent himself, any Three Collector* or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting lu‘^behaving of the said Trustees appointed by virtue of this Act, shall and may othere.P°*nt lawfully discharge such Collector or Receiver so neglecting, or being incapable of performing his Duty, or absconding or absenting himself; and in such Case, and also in case any Collector or Receiver

shall die, such Trustees shall and may nominate and appoint a proper Person to be a Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls, to continue until the then next Meeting of the said Trustees, in the stead of such Collector or Receiver as shall die or be discharged; and such Person so nominated and appointed, shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner in all respects as the Person who shall so die or be discharged would have had or would have been subject to; and that if any Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls, who shall be discharged from his Office by virtue of this Act, or the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or other Representative or Representatives of any Collector or Receiver who shall die or be discharged, or any other Person, shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of any Toll House or Building erected or [W] 8 X to

726 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx.

to be erected on the said Roads, for the Space of Four Days, after Demand thereof made, and Notice in Writing, given for that Purpose by any Three or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being; then and in any of the said Cases it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such House or Building in the Day-time, and remove the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods out of the same; and to put the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or such new appointed Collector or Receiver into the Possession thereof.

Treasurer,

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any &c. to give Five or more of them, shall and are hereby required to take such Security. Security from the Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, and other Officers to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act, for the faithful Execution of their respective Offices, as they the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think proper.

Clerk restrained from acting as Treasurer,

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person who has been or may be appointed to act as their Clerk in the Execution of this or the said recited Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk, the Treasurer for the Purposes of this or the said recited Act, or to continue or appoint the Person who has been or may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, the Clerk to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall act in both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this or the said recited Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk, shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer, shall act as Clerk in the Execution of this or the said recited Act, every Person so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

Accounts to

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any be kept of Five or more of them, shall and they are hereby required from Time Receipts and to Time and at all Times during the Continuance of this Act, to Disburse- order and direct a Book or Books to be provided and kept by their E/be'open Clerk for the Time being, in which Book or Books such Clerk shall to the in- enter or cause to be entered, true and regular Accounts of all Sums spection of of Money received, paid, laid out, and expended for or on account nd Credi*6* saj^ Hoads, and of the several Articles, Matters and Things for

tors. rC ' which such Sums of Money shall have been disbursed, laid out, and paid; which Book or Books shall at all the Meetings of the said Trustees be open to the Inspection of the said Trustees, and any Creditor or Creditors on the Tolls hereby granted, without Fee or 7 Reward

1" GEORGII IV. Cap.tox. 72?

Reward; and the said Trustees and Creditors, or any of then!, shall and may take Copies of or Extracts from the said Book or Books, or any Part or Parts thereof, without paying any thing for the same; and in case the said Clerk shall refuse to permit or shall riot perhiit the said Trustees or such Creditors, or any of them, to inspect the same, or take such Copies or Extracts as aforesaid, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Potinds, to be levied and recovered in Manner herein-after mentioned.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Orders arid Proceedings Proceedings of the said Trustees, in Execution of the Powers hereby to them ghteh, .l° a Book shall from Time to Time be entered in a Book or Books, to be kept

for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Trustees, and such Orders and Proceedings so entered shall be signed by the same Number of the said Trustees as are in and by this Act empowered to make Of direct such Orders and Proceedings respectively, and shall be deemed and taken to be original Orders; which said Book or Books, and also the Book directed to be kept for registering the said Mortgages and Assignments or Transfers, shall and may be ^produced and read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may siiri Trustees may and be sued for or concerning any thing to be done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, in the Name of Names of any Two or more of Name of their the said Trustees, or in the Names of their Clerk for the Time being; clerk.

and that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by the Direction of or against the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, in the Names of the said Trustees, or any Two of them, or in the Name of their Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Trustees or Clerk, or by the Act of any such Clerk, without the Consent of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, but that the Clerk for the Time being to the said Trustees shall be deemed to be Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Case may be, in every such Action:

Provided always, that such Trustees and every such Clerk, in whose Clerk to be Names or Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, reimbursed or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and ll, sEx Pences* paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, all such Costs,

Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event or Consequence of any such Action or Proceeding they or he shall pay, bear, expend, or be put unto or become chargeable with, by reason of their or his being made Plaintiffs or Plaintiff; or Defendants or Defendant as aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, of such Power to other Person or Persons as they or any Five or more of them shall continue and direct or appoint, shall and may continue or build and erect, or cause 1 otl to be continued, built or erected, such and so many Toll Gates or Turnpikes, in, upon, or across, or on the Side of, any Part or Parts

of the said Roads, and across any Lane, Road, or Way, leading into or out of the same; and also a Toll House to each Gate or Turnpike, with Outbuildings suitable thereto j and also, shall and may inclose such convenient Gardens to the said Toll Houses, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit, not exceeding One-Eighth

Part

728

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx.

Part of an Acre, and may cause any of such Toll Gates or Turnpikes, Toll Houses, and Outbuildings, from Time to Time to be taken down, altered, or removed, as they or any Five or more of them shall judge proper.

Turnpikes,

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Right, Interest, and &e. vested in Property of all the said Toll Houses, Turnpikes, and Gates, and of ustees. ap Posts and Rails, and all other Things whatsoever erected or provided by virtue of the said former Act, or which shall be erected or provided by virtue of this Act, and of the Materials for building and making the same respectively, and also all the Materials which shall be got or collected for repairing the said Roads, shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and they or any Five or more of them, shall and may sell and dispose thereof, and apply the Money arising by such Sale, in such Manner and for such Uses and Purposes as the said Tolls are by this Act directed to be applied and disposed of; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, in their own Names or in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, bring Actions and prefer Bills of Indictment against, or otherwise prosecute any Person or Persons who shall steal, take away, break down, or damage any of the Toll Houses, Turnpikes, Gate-posts, or Rails, which have been or shall be built, erected, or provided by virtue of the said former Act or this present Act, or any of the Materials herein-before mentioned; in which Bill or Bills of Indictment it shall be sufficient to state generally such Toll Houses, Articles, Matters, or Tilings, to be the Property of the Clerk for the Time being to the said Trustees.

Power to

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the following Tolls shall taka Tolls, be demanded and taken at each and every of the Toll Gates, Turnpikes, or Side Gates, to be continued, built, or erected by virtue of this Act (except as herein-after is excepted) by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, before any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage whatever* shall be permitted to pass through the same; (that is to say),

Toll*. For every Horse drawing any Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin,

Chaise, Curricle, Phaeton, Calash, Chair, Hearse, or other such Carriage, the Sum of Eight-pence:

For every Horse, Mule, Ass, or Beast of Burden, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Eight-pence per Score; and so in proportion for a greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Goats, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Four-pence per Score, and so in proportion for a greater or less Number:

For every Horse, Ox, or other Beast drawing any Four-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Nine Inches, and rolling a flat or level Surface of that Breadth, the Sum of Sixpence:

For

729

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx.

For every Horse, Ox, or other Beast drawing any Two-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Nine Inches, and rolling a flat or level Surface of that Breadth, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Ox, or other Beast drawing any Four-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches, and rolling a flat or level Surface of that Breadth, the Sum of Nine-pence:

For every Horse, Ox, or other Beast, drawing any Two-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches, and rolling a flat or level Surface of that Breadth, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Ox, or other Beast drawing any Four-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof rolling a flat or level Surface of a less Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches, the Sum of Eleven-pence.

For every Horse, Ox, or other Beast drawing any Two-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof rolling a flat or level Surface of a less Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches, the Sum of Eight-pence.

And for every Horse, Ox, or other Beast drawing any Two-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Soles or Bottoms of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of a greater Breadth or Gauge than Three Inches, and of less Breadth or Gauge than Five Inches, and the Lading whereof shall exceed the Weight of One hundred and eighty Stones of Fourteen Pounds Weight to the Stone; and for every Horse, Ox, or other Beast drawing any such Carriage, having the Soles or Bottoms of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Three Inches, or less, and the Lading whereof shall exceed the Weight of One hundred and thirty Stones, of Fourteen Pounds Weight to the Stone, Double the Tolls or Sums of Money herein-before respectively mentioned and made payable, for every Horse, Ox, or other Beast drawing any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, not being so laden as aforesaid.

Which said respective Tolls, and all other Tolls by this Act imposed. Tolls vested and all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall arise and be in Trustees, produced therefrom, shall be vested in the said Trustees for the Time being; and the same, and every Part thereof, shall be paid, applied, disposed of, and assigned in such Manner as is herein-after mentioned; and if any Person or Persons, subject to the Payment of For compel-any of the Tolls authorized to be taken by virtue of this Act, shall, ling Payment after Demand thereof made by any Collector or Collectors appointed of Tol, s‘ . to receive the same, or by any Lessee or Lessees thereof, or of any Part thereof, neglect or refuse to pay the said Tolls, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof it shall and may be lawful for the said Collectors or Lessees, or any of them respectively, or any other Person or Persons whom they respectively shall take to their Assist-[Loca/.] 8 Y ance

730

For settling

Disputes

concerning

Tolls.

Collectors

declared

competent

Witnesses.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx.

ance therein, to distrain any Horse or Cattle, Beast or Carriage, upon which any of the said Tolls are by this Act imposed, or any of the Lading, Harness, or Accoutrements thereof respectively (except the Bridles or Reins of any such Horse or other Beast separate from such Horse or other Beast); and the Collector or Collectors, Lessee or Lessees so distraining, shall and may, at his or their Election, either detain and keep the Horse, Cattle, Beast, Carriage, or other Articles so distrained, until such Tolls, with the reasonable Charges of such Distress, and of detaining and keeping the same, shall he paid; or if such Tolls and Charges shall not be paid within the Space of Five Days after the Day of making such Distress, the Person or Persons so distraining shall and may at any Time or Times thereafter, sell the Horse, Cattle, Beast, Carriage, Goods, or other Articles so distrained, and out of the Money which shall arise by such Sale, pay such Tolls, and all reasonable Charges incurred by such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus of the Money which shall arise by such Sale, and what shall remain unsold (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners thereof.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall happen about any Tolls due, or the Charges of keeping any Distress, it shall be lawful for the Collector or Person distraining to retain such Distress, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof, as the Case shall happen, until the Amount of the Tolls, and the Charges of the Distress and Sale, and of keeping the Distress, as the Case may happen, be ascertained by some One Justice of the Peace for such of the Counties of Durham and Northumberland as the Cause of Dispute shall arise in, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the Matter by Oath or Affirmation of the Parties, or of a Witness or Witnesses, which Oath or Affirmation the said Justice is hereby authorized to administer, and shall determine the Amount of the Toll due, and also assess and award such Costs and Charges to either Party as to the said Justice shall appear right and proper; all which Costs and Charges shall and may be levied and recovered, in case of Nonpayment thereof forthwith, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons directed to pay the same, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, after deducting the Costs and Charges of making such Distress and Sale, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and sold.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, Action, Prosecution, or Litigation shall arise, touching or in anywise relating to the Tolls authorized to be taken by virtue of this Act, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the same, or any Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall hot be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, Action, Prosecution, or Litigation, by reason of his, her, or their being Collector or Receiver of such Tolls, or by reason of his, her, or their acting under the Authority of the said Trustees, or under this Act.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Waggons, Carts, and other Carriages, having the Wheels of the Widths and Descriptions, and the Axletrees fixed as mentioned in an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to enable the Trustees of Turnpike Roads to abate the Tolls on Carriages, and to allow of their carrying extra Weights in certain Cases, and the several Horses and other Beasts drawing such Carriages shall have and be entitled to the Privileges and Exemptions granted by the said Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That One or more Toll Gate or Toll Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, shall be erected or continued between Lobley Hill, in the said County of Durham and Gateshead aforesaid, and another Toll Gate or Turnpike shall be erected or continued at or near Low Team Bridge, in the said County of Durham: Provided always, that no more than One Toll shall be demanded or taken from any Person or Persons for passing the same Day, such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in one Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night, with the same Horses, Cattle, Beasts, or Carriages, through all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes continued or erected by virtue of this Act, at or between Derwent Bridge, in the said County of Durham and Gateshead aforesaid.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no more than One Third of the several and respective Tolls authorized to be taken by virtue of this Act, shall be demanded or taken of any Person for the Passage of any Horse or Horses or other Beast drawing any Carriage, or of any Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, Calves, Hogs, Goats, Sheep, or Lambs, through any Turnpike or Turnpikes, Toll Gate or Toll Gates, to be erected or continued by virtue of this Act, between Lobley Hill, in the Parish of Whickham, in the County of Durham and Gateshead aforesaid, and which on the same Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night, to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night), shall have passed through or shall pass through any Toll Gate or Turnpike upon Lobley Hill Road; nor shall any more than One Halfpenny be demanded or taken of any Person for the Passage of any Horse, Mule, or Ass, laden or unladen, and not drawing, through any Toll Gate or Toll Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes to be erected or continued by virtue of this Act as last aforesaid, and which on the same Day (to be computed as aforesaid), shall have passed or shall pass through any Toll Gate or Turnpike on the Lobley Hill Road aforesaid, any thing herein-before contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding; and if any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of either of the said Exemptions from the Payment of the full Tolls hereby granted, not being entitled to the same, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no more than One Third Part of the several and respective Tolls from Time to Time payable by virtue of this Act, shall be demanded or taken from any of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Gateshead, for passing with any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages whatsoever through

731

Abatement of Tolls in certain Cases.

Directing what Toll Gates shall be erected

tahfparttitf the Road. Only One Toll to be paid between Derwent Bridge and Gateshead.

Directing what Tolls shall be paid by Persons to or from the Lobley Hill Road.

Inhabitants of Gateshead to pay only One Third of the Tolls for passing through the Borough Bar.

732

Directing what Tolls shall be taken between any Part of Swal-welland the West End of the Village of Whickham.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx.

the Turnpike or Toll Gate erected on the said Road near to Gateshead aforesaid, and commonly called The Borough Bar; but that no Person who shall take the Benefit of the said Exemption from the Payment of the full Toll shall be entitled to pass free through the Turnpike or Toll Gate upon the said Road, called The Low Team Bar, or through any other Turnpike or Toll Gate now or hereafter to be erected upon the said Roads at any Place or Places out of the Parish of Gateshead, and which is or shall be a Ticket Gate to the said Turnpike or Toll Gate, called The Borough Bar, but shall at the said Turnpike or Toll Gate called The Team Bar, or at such other Turnpike or Toll Gate pay the full Toll payable by virtue of this Act; and if any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of the said Exemption from the Payment of the full Toll, not being entitled to the same, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXVIII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That no more than One Third Part or Proportion of the several Tolls authorized to be taken by virtue of this Act, shall be demanded or taken for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages whatsoever, or for any Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, Calves, Hogs, Goats, Sheep, or Lambs respectively, passing backwards or forwards between any Part of Swalwell or Swalhvell Repository, and the West End of the Village of Whickham only, or repassing on the same Day along the same j and if any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of either of the said Exemptions from the Payment of the full Toll hereby granted, not being entitled to the same, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Tolls to be

XXIX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no taken at the more than One Penny Halfpenny shall be demanded or taken for any Swalwell Horse, Ox, or other Beast, drawing any Carriage employed in carry-Bank for ing Coals to be used in carrying on the Iron Foundry at Swalwell, for Horses, &c. passing through any Toll Gate or Turnpike, Toll Gates or Turnpikes, continued or erected by virtue of this Act upon Swalwell Bank; and that any Person having paid the said Toll of One Penny Halfpenny for such Horse, Ox, or Beast, at such Gate or Turnpike, shall be permitted to pass and repass through the same, with the same Horse, Ox, or Beast Toll-free, Three Times in the same Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night, but shall be subject to pay the said Toll for passing a Fourth Time with such Horse, Ox, or Beast through the said Gate or Turnpike, and so toties quoties, any thing herein contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding; and if any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of this Exemption from the Payment of the full Toll, not being entitled thereto, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

Carriages,

XXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That for the &c. drawing, Passage through any of the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates of any &ed carrying Carriage whatsoever, or of any Horse, Mule, or Ass, not drawing,

employed

Coals for the Use of the Iron Foun-dery at

1* GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx. 733

employed in carrying Hay or Corn in the Straw, Limestone or Lime Hay, &c. to to be used for the Manurance of Land only, Coal to be used in the fj^lf o/the burning of Lime only, no more than One Half of the Tolls autho- Toll, rized to be taken by virtue of this Act, in respect of any such Carriage, Horse, Mule, or Ass when otherwise employed, shall be demanded and taken; and that if any Person or Persons shall take the Benefit of this Exemption, not being entitled thereto, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons Tolls to be having paid the Tolls authorized to be taken by virtue of this Act, £aj)aT>ut °nce for passing with any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage whatsoever, a ‘ through any Turnpike or Toll Gate continued or erected by virtue

of this Act, shall be subject to pay any further or other Toll for returning or repassing with the same Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage, as often as he, she, or they shall have Occasion on the same Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night, through the same Gate where such Toll shall have been so paid, such Person or Persons producing a Ticket of the Day denoting such Payment, all which Tickets the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to deliver gratis on Receipt of the Toll.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Trustees said Tolls, the Collector or Receiver thereof shall and he is hereby 5°. Provide required to deliver gratis, to the Person paying such Toll, a Note or

Ticket denoting such Payment, and which Note or Ticket shall be ment of Toll, provided by the said Trustees, and there shall be printed and specified thereon the Names of the several and respective Turnpikes or Toll Gates freed by such Payment.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons Exemptions shall be chargeable with or liable to pay any of the Tolls hereby made Tolls, payable, for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, which shall be laden with or going empty for, or returning empty after having been laden with Stones, Bricks, Lime, Timber, or Wood, or with Gravel or other Materials for repairing the said Roads, or any of the Highways or public Bridges, in the Parishes, Townships, or Places in which the same Roads lie, or with Dung, Mould, Compost, or other Manure, (Lime excepted) $ or with Hay, Corn in the Straw, or Fodder, to be laid up in the Houses, Outhouses, Barns, or Yards, of or belonging to the respective Inhabitants of the several Parishes,

Townships, or Places through which the said Roads lead, such Hay,

Corn in Straw, or Fodder, being the Product of Lands and Grounds lying within such Parishes, Townships, or Places, or some of them j nor shall any Person or Persons be chargeable with or liable to pay any of the Tolls aforesaid, for any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry, or any other Things whatsoever, belonging to or employed by such Inhabitants respectively only in Husbandry, or stocking of Lands lying within the several Parishes, Townships, or Places adjoining to the said Roads; nor for any Horses employed upon any Railway that does or shall cross the said Roads, or lie on [Local] 8 Z the

734

Carriages conveying Military Stores not to be subject to Penalties for Overweight, &c.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx.

the Sides thereof, when going to or returning from their Work on such Railway; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken from any Rector, Vicar, Curate, or officiating Minister of, or other Person or Persons, who shall pass through any of the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes to or from Church or Chapel, or from any Person or Persons going to or from his, her, or their usual Place of religious Worship tolerated by Law, on Sundays, or on any other Day on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or who shall attend the Funeral of any Person or Persons who shall die, and be buried in any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken of or from any Rector, Vicar, or Curate going to or returning from visiting his sick Parishioners; nor for the Horses or other Cattle belonging to any of the Inhabitants of any of the Parishes, Townships, or Places through which the said Roads lead, going to or returning from Pasture, or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being shoed or farried; or for any Horses or Carriages, of whatsoever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or returning back therefrom; or for any Horse or Carriage attending His Majesty or any of the Royal Family; or for the Horses attending any Officers or Soldiers upon March or on Duty, or for Waggons, Carts, or Carriages attending them or laden with their Arms or Baggage; or which shall be employed in conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat, or other public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty or His Majesty's Forces, or returning from attending them on such Occasions; or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning from the Place of Exercise or Review; provided such Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exempt ion as aforesaid; or for Horses, Carts, or Carriages travelling with Vagrants sent by legal Passes, or in returning from carrying such Vagrants; or for any Coaches, Berlins, Landaus, Chariots, Curricles, Phaetons, Chaises, Calashes, Chairs, or Litters, or Passengers on Horseback, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire for the respective Counties of Durham or Northumberland, during the Time of such Election, or on the Day before or the Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the same, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons owning, or driving or causing to be driven, any Waggon, Wain, Cart, i or other Carriage provided for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat, or other public Stores, of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's

735

l’ GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx.

Majesty's Forces, shall be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture for Overweight, nor shall any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage be stopped or detained by reason of any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen; but it shall be lawful for the Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, to put any Number of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in this Act contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That for every Wain, Waggon, Waggons, Cart, or other Carriage, (except such as shall pass along the Lobley

Hill Road, or to or from the Repository at Swalwell), having the the Wheels of Fellies of their Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, passing through less Breadth any Toll Gate or Toll Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, erected or to than Six be erected upon the said Roads or on the Sides thereof, at any Time between the First Day of November and the First Day of May in to pay double every Year, there shall be demanded and taken at each and every of Toll, the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes, through which such Wain, Waggon,

Cart, or other Carriage shall pass. Double the Tolls or Sums of Money authorized to be taken by virtue of this Act, for every such Wain,

Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage at any other Time of the Year; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons penalty on (not being the Owner or Owners or Occupier or Occupiers thereof, evadingToll*. or any of his, her, or their Family or Servants) shall, with any Horse,

Cattle, Beast, or Carriage whatsoever, pass through any Land or Ground adjoining to or lying near any Toll Gate or Turnpike continued or erected by virtue of this Act, the same not being a common Road; or if any Owner or Occupier of any such Land or Ground shall knowingly permit or suffer any Person or Persons (not being his, her, or their Servant or Servants, or of his, her, or their Family), with any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, to go or pass through the same, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be evaded; or if any Person or Persons shall give to or receive from any Person other than the Collector of the said Tolls, or shall forge or counterfeit any Ticket by this Act directed to be given by the Collectors of the said Tolls, or shall forcibly pass through any Toll Gate or Turnpike, with any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, without Payment of Toll; or shall take off, or cause to be taken off, any Horse or other Cattle or Beast from any Waggon,

Wain, Cart, or Carriage; or shall leave or cause to be left upon or near to any Part of the said Roads, or at or in any House situate near the same, any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or Beast, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or of any Part thereof, shall be evaded; or if any Person or Persons shall unload or cause to be unloaden any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize from any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, whereby larger Quantities of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be carried through any of the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes in one and the same Day, than would

have

736

Trustees may compound for Tolls.

Power to lease the Tolls.

Trustees to have a Bidding when Tolls are put up to Auc-

Tolls may be varied.

I. GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx.

have been done if such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize had not been so unloaden; or if any Person or Persons, after travelling along any Part of the said Roads with any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or Beast, shall turn out of the same into any other Road, and afterwards proceed with such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or Beast into and upon the said Roads, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls or of any Part thereof shall be evaded, every Person offending in all or any of the Cases aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, as they shall see convenient, to compound and agree for any Term not exceeding One Year at any one Time, with all or any of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, Townships, or Places, to or through which the said Roads lead, for the Passage of their Horses, Cattle, or Carriages through all or any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes continued or erected, or to be continued or erected upon the said Roads; which said Composition Money shall be paid in Advance; and in Default thereof the Composition or Agreement, with the Person or Persons making such Default, shall from thenceforth be void; and such Composition Money shall be paid and applied in such Manner as the Tolls are hereby directed to be paid and applied.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, after giving Twenty-one Days Notice in Writing, by affixing the same on all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes then erected upon the said Roads, and advertising the same in any One or more of the Newspapers published at Newcastle-upon-Tyne t from Time to Time to lease and demise the Tolls authorized to be taken by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof ', for any Term or Time not exceeding Three Years at any one Time, for the best Price that can be gotten for the same, payable at such Times and under such Covenants as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit, they the said Trustees having a Counterpart of such Lease or Leases, and taking such sufficient Security from the Person or Persons to whom any such Tolls shall be leased or demised, for Payment of the Rents and Performance of the Covenants to be reserved and comprised in such Lease or Leases, as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think fit.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That when the Tolls payable at any Turnpike or Toll Gate, or Turnpikes or Toll Gates upon the said Roads shall be put up to be let to farm, the said Trustees may, if they think fit, appoint some Person to bid for the same, to the Intent that such Tolls may not be let for less than an adequate Value.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time, when and as often as they shall think proper, to reduce or lessen all or any of the Tolls herein-before specified, and to raise the same again, so as

they

737

r GEORGII IV. Cap

they do not at any Time exceed the Tolls herein-before specified, and so as the same or any of them be not reduced below the Tolls herein-before specified, without the Consent of the several Persons who shall then be entitled to Five Sixth Parts of the Money then due on the Security of the said Tolls; and the said Tolls or any of them shall not be reduced or varied, unless Seven Trustees shall be present, and Fourteen Days Notice in Writing shall have been given for that Purpose in Manner aforesaid.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Toll Collector, For prerent-being Lessee of the said Tolls, or appointed either by the said ing Toll Col-Trustees or by any such Lessee or Lessees to collect the Tolls by this ^ineuudue Act granted, shall and he is hereby required to place his Christian Tolls, and Surname, painted on a Board in legible Characters, in the Front or some other conspicuous Part of the Toll House or Toll Gate, immediately on his coming on Duty, each of the Letters of such Name or Names to be at least One Inch in Length, and of a Breadth in Proportion, and painted either in White Letters on a Black Ground, or Black Letters on a White Ground, and shall continue the same so placed during the whole Time he shall be upon such Duty; and if any Collector of the said Tolls shall not place such Board as aforesaid, and keep the same there during the Time aforesaid, of shall demand or take a greater or less Toll from any Person than he shall be authorized to do by virtue of this Act, or or the Orders and Reso-lutionskof the Trustees made in pursuance thereof, or shall demand and take a Toll from any Person or Persons who shall be exempt from the Payment thereof and claim such Exemption, or shall refuse to permit or suffer, or shall in anywise hinder any Person or Persons from reading such Christian or Surname, or shall refuse to tell his Christian or Surname to any Person or Persons who shall demand the same, on having paid the said Tolls, or any of them, or shall, in answer to such Demand, give a false Name or Names, or shall refuse or neglect to give a Ticket denoting the Payment of the said Toil, and naming and specifying the several Gates freed by such Payment; or upon the legal Toll being paid or tendered, shall unnecessarily detain, or wilfully obstruct, hinder, or prevent, any Passenger or Passengers from passing through any Turnpike or Toll Gate, or shall make use of any scurrilous or abusive Language to any Trustee, Treasurer, Clerk, Surveyor, or other Officer, or any Passenger or Passengers, then and in every such Case, every such Toll Collector shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence, as the Justice or Justices before whom the Information shall be laid shall adjudge, and such Penalty shall be recovered and applied as other Penalties are by this Act directed to be recovered and applied.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Trustees Five or more of them, shall and may, and are hereby empowered from may borrow Time to Time, by any Writing or Writings tinder their Hands and Mone-v‘ Seals, to assign over the Tolls arising by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, (the Costs and Charges of assigning the same to be borne and paid out of the said Tolls), for any Time or Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security for any Sum or [Local.'] 9 A Sums

738

Form of an Assignment of the Tolls.

No Money to be borrowed after the First Meeting unless Notice be given for that Purpose.

Assignments or Mortgages to beentered.

Mortgages may be transferred.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx.

Sums of Money which they shall think necessary for repairing the said Roads, and for the several other Purposes of this Act, to such Person or Persons, or their Trustees, who shall advance and lend the same, to secure the Repayment thereof, with such legal Interest as shall be agreed upon for the same; which Writing or Writings may be made in the Form following, or in any other Words to the like Effect; (that is to say),

* BY v‘rtue an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act [here set

6 forth the Title of this Act] We of the Trustees for

(putting the said Act in Execution, in Consideration of the Sum of ‘ in hand, advanced and paid by A.B. of

* to the Treasurer of the said Roads, do hereby grant, bargain, sell

* and assign, unto the said A.B. his Executors, Administrators, and ‘ Assigns, such Proportion of the Tolls to arise upon the said Roads,

‘ and of the Turnpikes and Toll Houses already or hereafter to be erected for collecting the same, as the said Sum of

‘ doth or shall bear to the whole Sum now or hereafter to become

* due and owing on the Credit thereof, to be had and holden from ‘ the Day of the Date hereof, for and during the Continuance of the said Act, unless the said Sum of

‘ with Interest after the Rate of per Centum

1 per Annum, shall be sooner repaid and satisfied. Given under

* our respective Hands and Seals, this Day of

* in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and

But no Money shall be borrowed by the said Trustees, on the Credit of the Tolls hereby granted, after their First Meeting, unless Notice for that Purpose in Writing, under the Hand of the Clerk to the said Trustees, be fixed upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes which shall be then erected upon the said Roads, and also advertised in one or more of the Newcastle Newspapers at least Fourteen Days before the borrowing such Money.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Assignment and Assignments to be made by the said Trustees as aforesaid, shall be entered at length in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees, which said Book or Books shall and may be seen and perused at all seasonable Times, without Fee or Reward.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom any Assignment or Assignments shall have been made by virtue of an Act of the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, mentioned or referred to in the said Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, or by virtue of the said last-mentioned Act, or to whom any Assignment shall be made by virtue of this Act, or who shall be entitled to the Money secured by the said Acts, or either or any of them, shall and may, from Time to Time, by proper Words of Assignment to be indorsed 5 on

739

P GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx.

on the Back of his, her, or their Security, or by any other Writing or Writings under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to be duly executed in the Presence of Two or more credible Witnesses, assign or transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, and Interest, or Benefit, to the Principal and Interest Money thereby secured, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever; which Assignment or Transfer may be made in the following Words, or Words to the like Effect; (that is to say),

* J the within named A.B. [or, I, C.D. Assignee, Executor, or Form of ‘ 9 Administrator of the within named A.B. as the Case may Transfer.

happen], do hereby assign and transfer this Mortgage Security,

with all my Right and Title to the Principal Money thereby secured, with all Interest now due and hereafter to grow due upon the same, unto E. F. of his Executors,

4 Administrators, and Assigns. Dated this Day of

4 in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and

c Witness to the signing hereof.

Which Transfer shall be produced and notified to the said Clerk or Treasurer, within Three Calendar Months next after the Day of the Date thereof, who shall enter the same in the said Book or Books to be kept for entering the original Mortgages, for which Entry the said Clerk or Treasurer shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and such Transfer shall then entitle such Assignee, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the full Benefit of such Mortgage Security, and every such Assignee may in like Manner assign and transfer the same, and so to ties quoties; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons (except the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be last transferred, his, her, or their respective Executors or Administrators), to release, discharge, or make void the original Mortgage Security, or the Monies due thereon, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom any Mortgage or Transfer has been or shall be made as aforesaid, shall, in proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money thereby secured, be Creditors on the Tolls by this Act granted, and on the said Turnpikes and Toll Houses, in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing their Monies, or of the Dates of their respective Securities; and whenever the said Trustees shall be enabled to pay off any of the Money which has been or shall hereafter be borrowed as aforesaid, they shall ascertain the Securities to be first paid off by Ballot, in such Manner as they or any Five or more of them shall think proper.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies which shall Application arise and be produced, by and from the Tolls by this Act granted and of the Money. made payable, together with the Monies which shall be borrowed upon the Credit thereof, and all other Monies which shall arise and be produced by virtue of this Act, shall be vested in the said Trustees for the Time being, and be applied to and for the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes, and in the Order and Manner following; (that is to say), in the first Place, in Payment of all the Costs, Charges, and Expences

incident

no

An Action of Ejectment may be supported by One Mortgagee.

For restraining the Trustees from deviating beyond certain Distances of the Line prescribed in the Plan, &c.

T GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx.

incident to 6r attending the preparing, obtaining, and passing Of this Act; in the second Place, in defraying the Expences of erecting and providing Turnpikes, Toll Houses, and other Buildings, and repairing tile saiiie, and of making, altering, raising, widening, repairing, preserving, and improving the said Roads, and of erecting and making necessary and convenient Bridges upon the same, and of executing the other Purposes of this Act; in the third Place, in paying the Interest accruing upon the several Principal Sums of Money which now are or shall hereafter from Time to Time be secured in pursuance of this Act; and lastly in reducing, paying off, and discharging the several Sums of Money which have been by the said former Act, and shall be secured in pursuance of this Act, in the Manner and Course herein-before directed or mentioned.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Mortgagee or Mortgagees of the said Tolls, Toll Gates, Bars, Chains, Toll Houses, and Buildings, shall seek to obtain the Possession of the said Toll Gates, Bars, Chains, Toll Houses, and Buildings, in order to secure to himself, herself, or themselves, the Principal Money and Interest, or any Part thereof due to him, her, or them, it shall be competent for him, her, or them, as Lessor or Lessors Of the Plaintiff, and upon his, her, or their Demise only, and without Whiting in such Demise the other Mortgagees of the said Tolls and Premises, to obtain such Possession; but such Person or Persons, Who shall obtain the Possession thereof, shall not apply the Tolls which may consequently be received by him, her, or them, to his, her, or their own exclusive Use and Benefit, but to and for the Use and Benefit of all the Mortgagees of the said Tolls, Toll Gates, Buildings, and Premises, pari pasSu, and in Proportion to the several Sums which may be diie to them as such Mortgagees.

XLVII. And whereas a Map or Plan describing the Line of the said new Diversion or Alteration of the said Road, and the Lands through which the same is intended to be carried, together with a Book of Reference, containing Lists of the Names of the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, have been deposited at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Durham; be it therefore enacted, That the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference shall remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, to the End that all Persons may, at all seasonable Times, have liberty to inspect and peruse the same, and to take Copies or Extracts thereof, at their Will and Pleasure, paying the Clerk of the Peace for the Time being of the said County, the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection, and at the Rate of Sixpence for every Seventy-two Words of such Copies or Extracts of the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference; and that the said Trustees, in making the said new Diversion or Alteration of the said Road, shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards from the Line described in the-said Map or Plan, without the Consent and Approbation in Writing of the Person or Persons, Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, through whose Lands Or •Grounds such Deviation shall be made.

T GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to make the said Road into, through, across, or over the several Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons who is or are or may be Owner or Owners of Land, over which the same is set out and described in the said Map or Plan as aforesaid, although the Name or Names of such Person or Persons may happen to be omitted in the said Book of Reference, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County where such Land shall lie, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error or Omission proceeded from Mistake.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize the said Trustees to take or pull down any Dwelling House or other Building, or to take in or make use of any Orchard, Yard, Garden, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, or any Part thereof respectively, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Proprietor thereof nrst had and obtained, other than and except Part of Two several Gardens belonging to Peregrine Eduard Towneky Esquire, situate in the Township of Stella, in the said County of Durham, and now in the Possession of Messieurs Matthias and George Dunn; and also except Part of a Garth or Yard, situate at Runhead, in the Township of Ryton, in the said County of Durham, belonging to Robert Surtees Esquire, and now in the Occupation of Edward Emerson Gentleman.

L. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyor and Surveyors, and such Person and Persons as he or they shall appoint, to dig, take, and carry away any Furze, Heath, Storre, Sand, Gravel, and other Materials proper or convenient for repairing the said Roads, and for building and repairing Toll Houses, Bridges, Conduits, and Walls upon the same, or on the Sides thereof, out of any Waste Grounds, Common, River, or Brook (not being within the Distance of Thirty Yards from any Bridge, Dam, Weir, or Jetty,) in any Parish, Township, or Place within which the said Roads or any Part or Parts thereof respectively do lie, and for w ant of sufficient Quantities of such Furze, Pleath, Stone, Sand, Gravel, or other Materials, in the Places last described, then to dig, take, and carry away the like Materials out of any Waste Grounds, Common, River, or Brook (not being within the like Distance from any Bridge, Dam, Weir, or Jetty), in any adjoining Parish, Town, Village, or Hamlet, without making any Recompence for the same, the said Surveyor and Surveyors filling up, fencing or levelling all such Pits and Holes as shall be made or occasioned by digging for or taking away such Materials, and making such Allowance or Satisfaction to the Person or Persons through whose Lands or private Ways such Materials shall be led and carried for the Damages done and occasioned thereby, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit and reasonable; and in case the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall be of Opinion that such Materials cannot conveniently be gotten from such [Local'] 9 B Waste

741

Trustees may make Roads through Grounds although the Owners Names are not in the Book of Reference, &.Ci

Trustees not to take down Houses without Consent.

For getting Materials.

742

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx.

Waste Grounds, Common, Rivers, and Brooks as aforesaid, on account of the Distance thereof from the said Roads, or for any other reasonable Cause, that then it shall be lawful for such Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint, by order of any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County or Place in which that Part of the said Road shall lie, to search, dig for, and take away the like Materials out of the private Grounds of any Person or Persons (not being aGarden, Orchard, Yard, Paddock, Park, planted Walk, or Avenue to any House, or inclosed Ground planted, set apart, or used as a Plantation or Nursery for Trees), where such Materials are and may be found in any Parish, Township, or Place, in which any Part of the said Roads shall lie or be situate, or in any adjoining Parish, Township, or Place, and from Time to Time to carry away such and so much of the said Materials respectively as the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall judge necessary for repairing and amending the said Roads, or erecting, making, or repairing any such Buildings, Bridges, Conduits, or Walls respectively as aforesaid, paying such Recompence for the Damage done to the Owners and Occupiers of the respective Grounds, where, through, and from whence the same shall be dug and carried away, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall judge reasonable; and in case of any Difference between such Owners and Occupiers, or any of them, and the said Trustees, touching any of the Damages aforesaid, any One or more Justices of the Peace for the County wherein the Lands lie from wrhich such Materials shall be taken, or over or through which the same shall have been led or carried, on Ten Days Notice being given by either Party to the other, in Writing, shall and may assess, adjudge, and finally determine the same, in such Manner as they shall think fit and expedient.

Notice to be

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not given to be lawful for such Surveyor or Surveyors, or such other Person or Occupiers Persons as aforesaid, under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather. Grounds6 take, or carry away any such Materials as aforesaid, for any of the before any Purposes of this Act, in or from any inclosed Lands or Grounds, Materials arc until after Twenty-one Days Notice in Writing, signed by the Sur-uken there- vey0r or Surveyors, or some other Officer or Officers of the said r0IU- Trustees, shall have been given to the respective Owners or Occupiers of the Lands or Grounds from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left at their usual Place of Residence, to appear before any Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the County in which such inclosed Lands lie, at a certain Time and Place to be specified in such Notice, to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be taken away; and in case such respective Owners or Occupiers shall by themselves or their respective Agents attend, pursuant to such Notice, and shall not show sufficient Cause to the contrary, the said Justices shall, if they shall think proper, authorize such Surveyor or other Officer, to dig, gather, take, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to such Justices shall seem proper; or if*such respective Owners or Occupiers shall neglect or refuse to appear by themselves or their respective Agents, the said Justices shall and may mak£ such Order 6 therein

743

1* GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx.

therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if such respective Owners or Occupiers had attended in Manner aforesaid.

LII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whomsoever Penalty on shall take or carry away any Materials which shall have been taking away dug, gathered, or wrought, for the Purpose of making, completing, J*agei or amending the said Roads, or for any other the Purposes of Dy u 7 this Act, or shall get or take away any Materials out of any Pit or Quarry, which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting Materials for the same Roads, before the said Surveyors or their Workmen shall have discontinued working therein, for the Space of Three Calendar Months (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and the Person or Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein for his own private Use only and not for Sale), every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyors said Surveyor and Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or , na)' remove they shall appoint, from Time to Time to remove and prevent all Annoyances' Nuisances and Annoyances on any Part or Parts of the said Roads, by Timber, Stone, Carriages, Sawpits, or other Pits, Ashes, Dung,

Filth, Rubbish, or otherwise, and to turn any Watercourses, Gutters,

Conduits, or Drains running into the same Roads to the Prejudice thereof, and to open, scour and cleanse, deepen and enlarge any Gutter, Ditch, Conduit, or Watercourse, adjoining or near to the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively j and also, at proper Seasons of the Year, to cut down or lop any Branches of Trees, Shrubs, or Bushes, not being an Ornament or Shelter to any House, growing in the Hedges, Fences, or Grounds adjoining thereto, not being a Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, Plantation,

Walk or Avenue to a House, so as to reduce such Hedges to any Height not less than Four Feet, and to take and carry away the same, in case the respective Owners or Occupiers of the Lands where such Annoyances shall happen to be, shall neglect so to do for the Space of Ten Days next after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose, under the Hand or Hands of such Surveyor or Surveyors; the Charges whereof to be settled by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall be reimbursed to the said Surveyor or Surveyors, by such respective Owners or Occupiers neglecting to cut down such Branches of Trees, Shrubs, or Bushes, or by the Person or Persons occasioning or neglecting or .refusing to remove such Annoyances as aforesaid; which Charges shall be levied and recovered in the same Manner as Forfeitures and Penalties are herein-after directed to be levied and recovered; and if after the Removal of any such Annoyances, any Person or Persons shall offend again in like Manner, every such Person shall for every such Seoond or further Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

744

Penalty on Persons laying down Lead, Dung, &c. near Gates.

Surveyors may make Causeways, Drains, &c.

Trustees may widen, divert, &c. the Roads.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx.

LIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Lead, Dung, Ashes, Compost, Manure, or other Thing, shall be unloaded and laid down near to any Toll Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected on the said Roads, or near to the Sides thereof, and afterwards reloaded and led along the said Roads, or any Part thereof, upon pain that the Owner or Owners of the Carriages, Horses, or Beasts carrying the same, or the Driver or Drivers thereof, shall forfeit and pay for the first Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, and for every subsequent Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for such Surveyor and Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by Order of the said Trustees, or of any Five or more of them, to make Causeways in or along the Sides of the said Roads, and to cut and make Drains or Watercourses upon and through any Grounds lying contiguous to the said Roads, not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, and to erect and keep in repair Bridges and Arches thereupon; and also to make Ditches or Trenches in such Places, and in such Manner as such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons shall judge necessary, and also to make sufficient Fenders, Barriers, and other Erections on any Part or Parts of the said Roads, in order to prevent any River or Current of Water from flooding the same, as such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons shall judge necessary; and also to make or cause to be made any temporary Road or Roads, through, over, and along the Grounds adjoining to any narrow or ruinous Part or Parts of the said Roads, not having a House or other Building thereon, and not being a Garden, Orchard, Park, planted Walk, or Avenue to any House, or Plantation, or Nursery of Trees, to be made use of as a Road, while the old Road shall be repairing, and until the same shall be made safe and convenient for Travellers, making such Satisfaction to the Owner or Occupiers of such Grounds so to be used, cut through, or built upon, for the Damages which they or any of them shall sustain thereby, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall judge reasonable; and in case any Difference shall happen between such Owners or Occupiers and the said Trustees, touching such Damages, the same shall be settled by the Justices of the Peace for the County wherein the Matter of Difference shall arise, at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for such County next after such Difference shall arise.

LV1. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority at any Time during the Term of this Act, to alter and divert within the Limits herein-before mentioned, the Line of such Part of the said Road as lies between Stella House and Ryton Lane Head aforesaid, in the Manner herein-before particularly mentioned, and from Time to Time to widen any other Part or Parts of the said Roads, and to divert, turn, or alter the Course or Path of any Part or Parts thereof respectively, through or over any Moor or Waste Ground, without

making

745

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx.

making any Satisfaction for the same; and also through or over any private Grounds or Hereditaments, so as the said Trustees shall first make Satisfaction to the Owners of and Persons interested in any such private Grounds or Hereditaments, over which either the said new Road from Stella House to Ryton Lane Head aforesaid, or any other such new Line of Road shall pass, for the Damages they may thereby sustain j and for that Purpose it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any private Grounds or Hereditaments, for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners and Persons interested, or any of them, shall or may any ways sustain by such widening, turning, or altering any Part or Parts of the said Roads; and it shall be Corporations lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations and incapaei-Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life, or in Tail, and all Feoffees in glowered*9 Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians or other to sell. Trustees whatsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for or on Behalf of any Infant, Feme .Covert, Cestuique Trust, and for all and every Person or Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised or possessed of or interested in any such Lands or Hereditaments, to contract and agree with the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for the Satisfaction to be made for such Damages as aforesaid, or to sell and convey to them, or any Five or more of them, all or any of such Lands or Hereditaments, as Occasion shall be or require; and all Contracts, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be made, shall, without any Fine or Fines, Common Recovery or Common Recoveries, be valid and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes, any Law,

Statute, or Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust,

Executors, Administrators, Guardians, and Trustees, and all other Persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees, in diverting, tur ning, or altering the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Roads, except in making the said new Road from Stella House to Ryton Lane Head aforesaid, to deviate more than One hundred Yards from the present Line or Course of the said Roads, without the Consent in Writing of the Owners or reputed Owners and Occupiers for the Time being of the Lands or Grounds which may be affected by any such Diversion or Alteration; and if any such on Refusal Owner, Proprietor, Occupier, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, to sell a Jury Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life, or in Tail, Trus- settle the tees, or any other Person or Persons interested in any such Lands,

Grounds, or Hereditaments, upon Notice to him, her, or them given, p or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Houses, or Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Head Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Lands or Hereditaments so to be taken in and added to any Part tof the said Roads, or into which any Part or Parts of such Roads are [Local.'] g C or

746

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx.

or is to be turned or altered, shall, by the Space of Ten Days after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence, shall be prevented from treating, then and in every or in any such Case the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall cause it to be inquired into and ascertained, by and upon the Oath of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the County wherein such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments do lie (which Oaths any Two or more of the said Trustees are hereby empowered and required to administer), what Damages will be sustained by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owners, Occupiers* or Proprietors, or other Person or Persons interested, for or on account of the taking such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments into the said Roads, or turning any Part or Parts of such Roads into the same Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments; and in order thereto, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall be or require, to summon and call before the said Jury, and examine upon Oath, all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who shall be thought necessary and proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses touching or concerning the Premises (which Oath any Two or more of the said Trustees are hereby empowered to administer); and they shall order and cause the said Jury to view the Places in question if there be Occasion, and use all lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the Jury’s better Information in the Premises, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; and after the said Jury shall have inquired of ascertained, and settled such Damage and Recompence, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the said Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury to be paid to the said Owners, Occupiers, or Proprietors of or other Persons interested in the said Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments, according Their Verdict to such Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury; which said Ver-to be final. diet or Inquisition and Judgment, Order, or Determination so had and made shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes against all Parties and Persons whomsoever claiming in Possession, in Fee, or in Tail General or Special, Reversion or Remainder, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well absent as present, Infants, Femes Covert, and Persons under any other Disability whatsoever, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as well as all other Persons whomsoever; and all and every such Owners, Occupiers, and Proprietors, and all and every Person and Persons anyways interested in such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, shall, upon Payment or Tender of the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed as aforesaid, thereby be from thenceforth, to all Intents and Purposes, divested of all Right, Title, Claim, Sheriffs to Interest, and Property of, in, to, or out of the same; and for the summon summoning or returning of such Jury or Juries, the said Trustees,

Juries. or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to issue

their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the County wherein the Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments in question as aforesaid do 10 lie.

747

1° GEORGII IV. Cap.kxx.

lie, thereby commanding and requiring him to impannel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Persons to appear before the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at such Time and Place, and within such County, as in such Warrant shall be appointed; and the said Sheriff or his Deputy or Deputies, is. and are hereby required to impannel, summon, and return such Number accordingly; and out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them* shall swear or cause to be sworn Twelve, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff or his Deputy or Deputies, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be speedily procured to attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve; and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn, but shall not challenge the Array; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, acting in the Premises, shall have Power from Time to Time, to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff or his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons that shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and shall not appear, or who shall refuse to be swoni on the said Jury, or being so sworn shall refuse to give or not give his Verdict, or in any other Manner shall wilfully neglect their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and on any of the Persons who being required to give Evidence before the said Jury touching the Premises shall refuse or neglect to appear, after having been paid or tendered a reasonable Sum for his, her, - or their Costs, Charges, and Expences, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn and give Evidence, and from Time to Time to levy and apply such Fine or Fines, in the same Manner as other Forfeitures and Fines are herein-after directed to be levied and applied, so that such Fine shall not exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds upon any such Sheriff or his Deputy, nor the Sum of Forty Shillings upon any other Person for any one Offence.

LVIL. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury or Juries to be summoned and sworn pursuant to the Authority of this Act shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Monies, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for the Right, Interest, or Property of any Person or Persons in any such Lands or Hereditaments, or for any such Loss or Damage than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, before the summoning and returning of the said Jury or Juries, as a Recompence and Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or any Loss or Damage as aforesaid, then and in such Case the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses for ascertaining and determining the Value of any such Right, Property, or Interest, or the Losses or Damages sustained as aforesaid, shall be paid by the said Trustees; but if any Jury or Juries so summoned and sworn as aforesaid shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment

Sheriff, &c. to be lined on neglect of Duty.

How the Expence* of the Jury, &c. are to be paid.

748

P GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx.

ment for no more or for less Monies than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, before the summoning and returning of the said Jury or Juries, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, in any such Lands or Hereditaments, or Losses or Damages as aforesaid, then the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses shall be paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have had Controversy or Dispute; which said Costs and Expences, having been ascertained and settled by some Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County wherein such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments respectively shall lie, not being interested in the Matter or Question (who is and are hereby empowered and required to examine, ascertain, and settle the same), shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons; and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged; or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the same be not paid upon Demand after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by such Ways and Means as are herein-after provided for the Recovery of Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines.

In Cases of

LVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in Cases Persons ab- w]iere any Person or Persons shall, by reason of Absence out of the tees to pay Kingdom, have been prevented from treating, such Costs and Ex* Expences’of pences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees out of the treating. Monies to arise under or by virtue of this Act.

Money al-

LIX. And be it further enacted, That every Sum of Money or lowed for Recompence to be agreed for or assessed as aforesaid, shall be paid how to be^ out the said Tolls, or out of the Monies borrowed on the Credit charged and thereof, either into the Bank of England, or to the Parties or Persons tendered. respectively entitled thereto, or to their Agents, as the Case may require, as herein-after mentioned; and upon Payment or Tender thereof to the Party or Parties entitled to receive the same, or on depositing the same in the Bank of England, in Manner by this Act directed, and after Ten Days Notice thereof given to such Parties or Persons, or their Agents, such Lands or Hereditaments shall be laid into and made Part of the said Roads, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall direct, and shall be by them, or by such Person or Persons as they or any Five or more of them shall appoint, sufficiently drained, ditched, fenced, and set out for that Purpose, and shall, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, become and be deemed and taken to be a Common Highway and Part of the said Roads, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair in such Manner as the same Roads hereby appointed to be made and repaired are respectively by this or any other Law to be made and repaired, and from thenceforth all Parties and Persons whomsoever shall be divested of all Right and Title to suclj Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments; and after such new Road shall be completed, the Lands constituting such former

Road *

749

1 GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx.

Road, or any Part thereof, unless leading over some Moor or Waste Ground, or to some Village, Town, or Place, to which such new Road doth not lead, shall be vested in the said Trustees for the Time being, and shall and may be sold and conveyed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for the best Price that can be gotten for the same, and the Money arising from such Sale shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act; and the Sale or Sales, Conveyance or Conveyances, to be made of such Lands or Grounds, being executed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and enrolled in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the County wherein such Road shall lie, shall be good and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said First Offer of Trustees before they shall so sell or dispose of the Ground or Soil ^ands to be which form the Road to be diverted, turned, or altered by virtue of made\o°the this Act, or such.Piece or Pieces of Ground over and above what shall former be necessary for effecting the Purposes of this Act, shall first offer to Owners sell or re-sell the same (as the Case may happen to be) to the Person or Persons who shall be the Owner or Owners of the Lands, Tene- enjoining ments, and Hereditaments, lying on both Sides of such diverted Road, Lands, or the Person or Persons from whom the same Piece or Pieces of Ground shall have been purchased; and in case the Owner or Owners of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments on both Sides of the said diverted Road, or the Person or Persons from whom such Piece or Pieces of Ground have been so purchased shall refuse to purchase or re-purchase the same (as the Case may happen to be) on an Affidavit being made and sworn before a Master or Master Extraordinary an the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County or Place in which such diverted Road or Piece or Pieces of Ground shall lie (who is hereby required to take such Affidavit) by some Person or Persons no way interested an the Premises; such Affidavit stating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the said Trustees* and that such Offer was then and thereupon refused, or was not agreed to by the Person or Persons to whom the same was made, shall in all Courts whatever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and refused, or not agreed to by the Person or Persons to whom it was made (as the Case may be); and in case such Person or Persons shall be desirous of repurchasing the Ground or Soil of such diverted Road, or of re-purchasing such Piece or Pieces of Ground so directed to be sold by virtue of this Act, and he, she, or they, and the said Trustees shall differ and not agree with respect to the Price thereof, then and in such Case the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury in Manner herein-before directed with respect to disputed Value of Premises to be purchased by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, in pursuance of this Act; and the Expences of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in like Manner as herein-before directed, with respect to such Purchase made by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, mutatis mutandis; and the Money to arise by the Sale or Sales which may be made by the [Local.] 9 D said

750

1* GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx.

said Trustees of such diverted Road, Piece or Pieces of Ground as aforesaid, shall be applied to and for the Purposes of this Act 5 but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for any Misapplication or Nonapplication of such Money.

Application

LXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be of Compen- agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredi-sation Money laments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this amountii to Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, or exceeding Feme Covert, Lunatic, Tenant for Life or in Tail, or Person or Persons 2001. under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England> in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, standing settled therewith, to the same or the like Uses, Intents, and Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such. Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds pet' Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from /Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement had been made.

aniouDtmgto

LXIL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any l, s than Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, 2001. or

751

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxs.

or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Tenements so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Witting under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved by Five or more of the said Trustees for executing this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case shall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

LXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where When such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned am°G"t, ng10 shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the .joi* a° same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Per- In case of sons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the xSde°* Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be pur- 1 chased by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, shall refuse to accept the same, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing them] subject to the

Order,

752

Persons in Possession to be deemed presump-

titled, &c.

The Court of Chancery may direct the Payment of Expences.

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx.

Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title, or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable j and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the same is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under the Possession of such Person or Persons shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

LXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all "Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, 7 who

753

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx.

who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Gates to be hereafter Gates not to made and placed in any Field or Ground adjoining any Part of the said Roads, shall be made and hung to open and swing inward to- 1 e oa 8 wards such Field or Ground, and not towards the said Roads; and that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order all such Gates as are now erected, or may hereafter be erected, and open and swing outward towards the said Roads, to be altered and made to open and swing inwards, as they the said Trustees shall think proper; and if any Occupier or Occupiers of the Lands upon which any Gate or Gates is or are or shall be constructed so as to open and swing outward towards the said Roads, shall (after Ten Days Notice from the Surveyor of the said Roads requiring him, her, or them to alter any such Gate or Gates and to make the same to open and swing inwards), refuse or neglect to make such Alterations, or after such Alterations shall have been once made, shall again alter the same, every such Occupier or Occupiers shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the Trustees to said Trustees shall widen, turn, or alter any Part or Parts of the fence new said Roads, or make any new Road over and through any private Roa(ls* Grounds, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall make or cause to be made proper Walls or Quickset Fences, as the Case shall require, so as effectually to guard and fence off the Lands adjoining to the said Roads, and also proper Gates, Bridges, and Arches where necessary, out of the said Roads into the Lands adjoining, and shall keep the Quickset Fences so to be made in proper Order and Repair, for and during the Term of Five Years from the Time when such Quickset Fences shall have been made or planted.

LXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Waggon in this Act contained shall be construed to authorize and empower the said Trustees to pull up, alter, damage, obstruct or prejudice ‘ any Waggon Way laid or to be laid across or near the said Roads, or any Part thereof, or to stop or obstruct any Horses going or returning with any Waggons laden with Coals or empty, passing along the same Waggon Ways, but that the Owner or Occupier of any such Waggon Ways shall have the same Right and Power to use and enjoy the same, and to lay any new Waggon Way or Ways from Time to Time as Occasion may require, and to do all such Acts and Things as are or shall be needful or necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, as fully and freely as if this Act had not been made, except a certain Waggon Way leading to the Staith at Stella-, in the County of Durham aforesaid, now occupied by Messrs. Matthias and George Dunn, which it is hereby provided and declared may be altered and varied for the Purposes of this Act: Provided always, that no such Waggon Way which shall cross any Part of the said Roads,

754

1° GEORGII

shall be raised more than Two Roads.

IV. Cap. xxx.

Inches above the Level of such

Lands liable

LXX. And be it further enacted, That where any particular Part to the Repairs or Parts of the said Roads, or any Bridges, Arches, Drains, or Sewers fcc^tcf con in an(l upon the said Roads which have been accustomed or

tinue°so°n ought to be repaired and maintained by any particular Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, by reason of the Tenure of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or otherwise, or by the said Counties of Durham or Northumberland, or either of them, or any Ward, Parish, or Township therein respectively, or otherwise howsoever, all and every such Part or Parts of the said Roads, and all such Bridges, Arches, Drains, and Sewers, shall from Time to Time be maintained and kept in Repair by such Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Counties, Wards, Parishes, or Townships, in such Manner as the same were respectively maintained and kept in Repair before the passing of this Act.

Parishes to

continue liable to Repair, and regulating the Statute Labour.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That all the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places through which the said Road shall pass, shall be liable to the Repair of such Parts of the said Roads as are within their respective Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places, in such and the same Manner as they are liable to the Repair of any other Highways within the same; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Counties of Durham and Northumberland, and they are hereby empowered and required, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Roads lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid shall be by them paid to the said Trustees or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereto, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place to bring in Lists before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons), of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township, or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lists of Names shall be made in Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repairs of the public Highways; and out of such Lists the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work as afore-i said,

755

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx.

said, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Haytime or Harvest), and in such Parts of the said Roads as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lists shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money, in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the Surveyor or Surveyors of such Parishes, Townships, and Places respectively, to be by him or them paid over to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in default of Payment thereof the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts to be provided by him or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such' Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found negligent or idle by any Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, such Surveyor or Surveyors is and are hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Case every such Person sending such Labourer, Team, or Draught shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards the amending the said Roads; and in case the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places shall refuse or neglect to give in such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money, or any Part thereof, in Manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor or Surveyors so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That it snail apd may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to compound and agree with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Repairs or Statute Work to be by them done on the said Roads, or any Part thereof; and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of and in all and

Trustees may compound for Statute Work.

756 1* GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx.

every of the Parishes, Townships, or Places duly authorized for that Purpose, at a public Vestry, for a certain Sum of Money by the Year or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the Whole or any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Roads; which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officers of the Parish, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Trustees in Advance, on or before the First Day of May in each and every Year, or otherwise the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Parish, Township, or Place shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

Penalty on

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Persons ob- shall assault or hinder, or cause to be assaulted or hindered, the Col-Execution^of ^ectors ^ie sa^ Tolls, or any of them, or the Turnpike Surveyor this Act.1 or Surveyors, or any Person or Persons employed by them, or any of them, or by the said Trusteies, or any Five or more of them, in the Execution of any Part of this Act, every such Person or Persons so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

Roads to be

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any measured and Five or more of them, shall be and are hereby empowered and re-erected10"68 to cause the said Roads to be measured and Mile Stones or

Posts to be set up and from Time to Time renewed on the Sides thereof respectively, with Inscriptions thereon denoting the Number of Miles and Distance of Places, and also proper Direction Posts where any other Roads lead out of or into the said Roads hereby directed to be repaired respectively, with Inscriptions thereon denoting to what Place or Places such other Roads respectively do lead, as they or any Five or more of them shall think fit; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break or pull down, dig up, injure, or destroy any of the Stones or Posts which shall be so fixed or set up, or erase, obliterate, or deface any of the Inscriptions or Letters which shall be engraven or made thereon, or any Part thereof, or cause or procure the same to be done, every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

Penalty on riding on Footpaths,

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or negligently injure, destroy, break down, or otherwise damage, or shall ride on or drive or lead any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage over or upon any Footpath or Causeway made or to be made on the Side or Sides of the said Roads, or any Part thereof, or shall wilfully or negligently damage or destroy any of the Fences, Walls, or Gates on the Sides of the said Roads and belonging thereto; or if any Driver of any Waggon or other Carriage shall wilfully or carelessly break or damage any of the Posts or Stones which may be erected for the Security of the said Footpaths or Causeways, or if any Person or Persons shall plough over or drag any

Plough

757

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx.

Plough upon any Part of the said Roads, or in ploughing shall turn any Horse or other Beast drawing any Plough upon any Part of the said Roads, to the Prejudice or Injury thereofj or if any Person or Persons shall scrape off any Mud, Soil, or other Matter which shall be or lie upon any Part of the said Roads, so as wilfully to damage the said Roads, or any Part thereof; or if any Person shall hale or draw, or cause to be haled or drawn, upon any Part of the said Roads, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone (otherwise than upon wheeled Carriages), or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber or Stone, which shall be carried upon a wheeled Carriage, to drag upon any Part of the said Roads to the Prejudice or Injury thereof; or if any Person shall, after having blocked or stopped any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, in going up any Hill or rising Ground, leave or suffer or permit to be and remain on any Part of the said Roads, the Stone or other Thing used in such blocking or stopping; or if any Person driving any Pigs or Swine upon the said Roads shall suffer the same to root up or damage the said Roads, or any Part thereof, or the Fences, Hedges, Walls, Backings, or Copse on either Side thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall leave or suffer any Horse, Cattle, Sheep, Beast, Pig, or Swine to graze, or be and remain loose on the said Roads; or if any Person driving any Coach, Chaise, or Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage upon the said Roads, and meeting another Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, shall not keep his Carriage on the Left or Near Side of the said Roads; or if any Person or Persons shall in any Manner wilfully prevent any other Person from passing liim, her, or them upon the said Roads, or the Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage under his or their Care; or if any Person shall make or assist in making any Fire or Fires whatsoever, or shall set fire to or let off or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent, or Firework whatsoever on any Part of the said Roads, or within Eighty Feet of the Centre thereof, or play at Football, or any other Game or Games whatsoever, on any Part of the said Roads, to the Annoyance of Persons travelling thereon j or if any Person or Persons shall leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or any Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Husbandry, without some reasonable Cause, to be allowed by the Justice of the Peace before whom the Person so offending shall be summoned or conveyed, in order to his of her Conviction, and save and except with regard to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, during such reasonable Time as the same shall be loading or unloading, and standing as near to the Side of the said Roads as conveniently may be, in, upon, or on the Side of the said Roads, either with or without any Horse or Beast of Draught harnessed or yoked thereto; or if any Person shall lay any Piece of Timber, or any Stoues, Brick, Hay, Straw, Lime, Coal, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, on any Part of the said Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice or Injury thereof, or to the Annoyance, Hindrance, or Prejudice of any Person or Persons travelling thereon, or shall do any other Damage or Injury to the said Roads, or any Part thereof, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

758 1° GEORGII IV. Crtp.x^.

contract forl'V Al be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any

Repairs. or ^ve or mpfe of them, or such Person or Persons as they or any Five of more of them shall for that Purpose authorize, delegate, or appoint, are hereby empowered to contract with any Person or Persons’ for making, altering, raising, widening, and repairing the said Roads, ' of any Part or Parts thereof respectively, and for erecting, btiiiding, and making Arches and Bridges upon the same, and for erecting •Mil# and Direction Stones or Ppsts thereon, and for making any Hedges or Fences, or turning, altering, widening, or making any Part or Parts of the said Roads, or for' doing any other Work to be perfbfined in the Execution of this Act, in such Mariher and for such ojLim or Sums of Money as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shad think proper.

Contracts to

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Contracts in Writing be binding, entered into pursuant to an Order made at any Meeting by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, and signed by any Five or more of them, shall he binding to the said Trustees, and also to the otiter Parties who shall sign the same, and the Executors and Administrators of spch other Parties; and that Actions arid Suits may he maintained thereon, and Damages and Costs recovered against the Parties failing in the Execution thereof.

For securing

LXXVIII. And whereas Offences may be committed against this transient Act by Persons unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other

Offenders. Officers appointed to put this Act in Execution; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of the said Collectors, 1 Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, and such other Person or Persons as they or any of them shall call to their or any of their Assistance, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons, who shall commit any such Offence or Offences, and take him, her, or them before any Justice of the Peace of the County ne&r to the Place where the Offence or Offences shall have been committed, and such Justice Is hereby empowered to proceed to the hearing and determining of the Complaint.

Penalties and

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, Forfeitures and Fines by this Act inflicted or authorized to be imposed, (the bow to be Manner of levying and recovering of which is not herein otherwise antTa^li d Particularly described), shall upon Proof of the Offences respectively an a, >!> lc’before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County or Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed, either by the Confession of the Party or Parties offending, or by Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses, he levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties so offending, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices, (which Warrant or Warrants such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant for those Purposes, and to administer such Oath gratis) j and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sales are deducted, shall be returned on De-2 mand.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx. 759

mand, to the Owner of Owners* <Jf sucfi Ooods af&i (Chattels; and all

such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, when, soi paid and levied (if not directed to be otherwise applied bydhi.s Act), sli^all from rfime to Time be paid to the said Trustees or any Fiye or more of thetn^or to their Treasurer for the Time being, amj shall be laid out and applied in putting this Act in Execution*; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, and such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines shall not be forthwith paid upon Conviction, then it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to order the Offender for Offenders so connoted to be detained and kept in safe Custody, until Return can conveniently be made to such \Varrant of i Distress, unless the Offender or Offenders shall give sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of suefy Justice or Justices for his, her, or their Appearance before such Justice or Justices oil such Day or Days as shall be appointed for the Return of such Warrant of Distress, such Day or, Days not being more than Ten Days from the Time, of taking any such Security, and which Security the said Justice or Justices, is and are hereby empowered' to take by way of Recognizance Qr otherwise; but if upon the Return of such Warrant} it shall appear that po ^sufficient Distress can be had thereupon, then and in such. Case it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices of the Peace, and he and they , is and are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House <?f Correction for the said County, there to remain without Bail or Main-prize for any Term not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and all reasonable Charges *

Shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LXXX. And for the more easy Conviction of Offenders against How Convio this Act, 1 be it further enacted, That all and every the Justices of tions shall be the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall, be convicted of drawn UP; any Offence against this Act, may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the like Effect, as the Case shall happen;

‘ ") jDE it remembered, That on the Day of

4 to wit. j in the Year of His Majesty's Reign, and in the

* Year of our Lord A.B. is convicted

« before of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the

« County of [here specify the Offence and when and

« where committed] contrary to the Form of the Statute made in the First Year of the Reign of Plis Majesty King George the Fourth,

intituled An Act [here set forth the Title of this Act]; and I, [or

* we] do therefore declare and adjudge, that the said A.B. has forfeited for his said Offence the Sum of

4 (or shall be committed to [the Place of Imprisonment] for the

* Space of )• Given under my Hand and Seal [or

* our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year first above written/

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Allowing an shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing ^Quarter

done Sessions.

760 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx.

done in pursuance of this Act, (save and except the Verdict of the Jury with respect to the Value of the Lands, Messuages, or Tenements, in turning, altering, widening, or making any Part or Parts of the said Roads as herein-before is directed), and for which no particular Relief hath been herein-before appointed, such Person or Persons may within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the Counties of Durham or Northumberland respectively, in which such Cause of Complaint shall arise, such Appellant or Appellants first giving or causing to be given Ten Days Notice at least in Writing of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause or Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Trustees, or other the Person or Persons against whose Act such Appeal shall be made, and within Four Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said respective Counties, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal at, and abide the Order of, and pay such Costs as shall be awarded against him, her, or them, by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions; and the said Justices at their said Sessions, on due Proof being given of such Notice as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall proceed in, hear, and finally determine the Causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Party appealing or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall respectively think proper; and the Determination of such Quarter Sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

Distress not

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall unlawful for ke made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Form only Act ^ie Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on Account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Notice, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceeding relative thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall afterwards be committed by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damages in an Action on the Case.

Proceedings

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Proceeding to be not to be va- had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against Sed fl7 this Act, or any Order to be made, or any other Matter to be done

Form ° or transacted in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be quashed for Want of Form, or be liable to be removed by Certiorari or any Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

habitants

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Inhabitant of any uSses! V ll" ^ar, sh> Township, District, or Place, in which any Offence maybe

committed

761

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx.

committed against this Act, shall be deemed to be an incompetent Witness, by reason of his or her being an Inhabitant of such Parish,

Township, District, or Place.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff shall recover Not to rein any Action for any Irregularity, Trespass or wrongful Proceedings, c°^tTender committed in carrying the Trusts of this Act into Execution, or in Amende W any Matter or Thing concerning or relating to the same, if Tender before Action of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on Behalf of the Party who brought, shall have committed or caused to be committed any such Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceedings, before such Action brought; and in case no Tender shall have been made it shall and may be Defendants lawful to and for the Defendant in any such Action, with Leave of allowed to the Court wherein such Action shall be depending, at any Time faty0 before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum or Sums of Money before Issue as he shall see fit, whereupon such Proceedings or Orders and joined. Judgments shall be had and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall Limitation of be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done Actions, in pursuance of this Act until Ten Days after Notice shall be thereof given to the Clerk of the said Trustees, nor after a sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months after the Fact committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be laid or brought in the County wherein the Cause thereof did arise and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action shall or may at his or their Election plead specially, or the General Issue, Not Guilty, General and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial Issue, to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or that such Action or Suit shall have been brought before Ten Days Notice thereof as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict or Verdicts, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same Treble Costs, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Case by Law.

[Public Act.]

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

[9G]

762 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxx.

Term of this

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall com-Act- mence and take place on the Third Monday next after the passing

of this Act, and shall continue and be in force for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1820.

11

ANNO PR1MO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. xxxi.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and amending the Powers of Two Acts for repairing and widening the Roads from Gosport, through Fareham and Wickham, to Bishop's Waltham; and from Wickham aforesaid to Chawton Pond, in the Parish of Chawton, all in the County of Southampton.

[22d June 1820.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for repairing and widening the Roads 20G.3. c. 7 from Gosport in the County of Southampton, through Fareham and Wickham, to the Town o/~ Bishop’s Waltham; and from Wickham aforesaid, through Droxford, Exton, Warnford, Westmeon, and Rumsdean Bottom, to Chawton Pond in the Parish of Chawton, in the said County: And whereas another Act was passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An Act to continue for 39G.3. c. 1 Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and to amend the Powers of an Act passed in the 'Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Gosport, through Fareham and [Locfl/.] 9 G Wickham,

762 1‘ GEORGII IV. G^.xxxi.

Wickham, to Bishop’s Waltham; and from Wickham aforesaid, to Chaw-ton Pond, in the Parish Chaw ton, all in the County of Southampton:

And whereas considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the said recited Acts, and charged on the Tolls arising upon the said Roads, which still remain due, and such Sums of Money cannot be repaid, nor can the said Roads be properly amended and kept in Repair unless the Term of the said Acts be extended, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof be altered, amended, and enlarged: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament Recited Acts assembled and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited continued. Acts, and all and every the Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Trusts, Provisions, Directions, Rules, Tolls, Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments, Remedies, Articles, Matters, and Things whatsoever therein contained and now in force, so far as the same relate to the said Roads (except such Parts thereof as are varied, altered, or repealed), shall continue in full Force and Effect, and shall be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; but subject nevertheless to the Provisions, Alterations, and Amendments in this Act contained; and that this Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be subject and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing upon the Credit of the said recited Acts, or any of them, or hereafter to be borrowed on the Credit of the said recited Acts and this Act, and of all Interest due or to grow due for the same respectively.

Appointment

II. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace of new Trus- acting for the County of Southampton, together with Rear Admiral teea. Thomas Alexander, John Bligh, Henry Chawner, Joseph Eastwood,

Charles Bedford Eastwood, Richard Eyles, John Fleming, the Honourable William Gage, William Gage, John Hornby the younger, Edward Knight, Edward Knight the younger, John Brett Purvis, and the Reverend Henry Thompson, shall be and are hereby joined with and added to the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any of them, to be Trustees for carrying this Act and the said recited Acts into Execution; and the said Trustees herein nominated, being respectively qualified according to the Provisions of this Act, and their Successors respectively to be elected, and being respectively qualified according to the Provisions of the said recited Acts, shall in all respects have the like Powers and Authorities to act in the Execution of the said recited Acts and of this Act, as if they had been appointed Trustees in or by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any of them.

Allowing the IH. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be Trustees to infill to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, additional0 at any Meeting of which Twenty-one Days previous Notice shall have Number of been given, and they are hereby empowered at any Time or Times to Trustees elect any Number of additional Trustees not exceeding Ten, who, being duly qualified, shall have the same Power and Authority 12 for

763

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxi.

for executing the said Acts and this Act as if they had been hereby nominated and appointed; but that no Trustee so appointed shall be capable of voting upon any Question to be discussed at a Meeting nolden on the Day on which he shall first take the Oath of Qualification.

IV. And whereas it is by the said first recited Act enacted, that Repeal or no Person shall act as a Trustee in the Execution thereof, who Qualification shall not be possessed of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of of Trustee8* the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person possessed of such Estate of the clear yearly

Value of Two hundred Pounds, or shall be possessed of or entitled unto a Personal Estate to the Amount or Value of Fifteen hundred Pounds:

And whereas the said Provision has been found inconvenient; be it therefore enacted, That the same shall be and is hereby repealed.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of Qualification acting as a Trustee in the Execution of the said Acts and this Act, of Trustees, unless he shall be in his own Right (or in the Right of his Wife) in the

actual Possession or Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Freehold or Copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be Heir Apparent of a Person so seised of Freehold or Copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate or Real and Personal Estate together of the Amount or Value of Four thousand Pounds; and if any Person not being so qualified, shall presume to act as a Trustee in the Execution of the said Acts and this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and every Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty upon Proof being given of his having acted as a Trustee in the Execution of the said Acts and this Act:

Provided nevertheless, that all Acts and Proceedings by any such Person as a Trustee in the Execution of the said Acts and this Act, previous to his being convicted of the said Offence, shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Trustee appointed or to Trustees to be elected and appointed by virtue of this Act, before he shall act as take an Oath, such (except in administering the Oath herein-after mentioned), shall

take and subscribe an Oath before Two or more of the said Trustees,

(who are hereby empowered to administer the same), in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear. That I am in my own Right, [or in the Right of my Wife], truly and bond jide seised or possessed of and in the ‘ actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Freehold or 4 Copyhold

764

Offices of Clerk and Treasurer not to beheld by the same Person.

Repealing so much of former Act as requires Officers to verify their Accounts on Oath.

l° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxi.

* Copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the

* clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprizes, or am

* Heir apparent of a Person truly and bona fide seised or possessed f of and in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits ‘ of Freehold or Copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of One hundred and fifty ‘ Pounds above Reprizes, or am truly and bona fide possessed of a

* Personal Estate, [or of a Real and Personal Estate together, as the ‘ Case may be~|, of the Amount or Value of Four thousand Pounds; and that I will truly and faithfully execute the Powers and ‘ Trusts reposed in me by Three Acts of Parliament passed in the ‘ Twent ieth and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King ‘ George the Third, and the First Year of the Reign of His Majesty ‘ King George the Fourth, [here setforth the Titles of the said Acts.

'So help me GOD.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to continue or appoint the Person who has been, or who by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them, or of this Act, may be appointed to act as their Clerk, or the Partner of any such Clerk, the Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, and the said recited Acts or any of them; or to continue or appoint the Person who has been or may be appointed their Treasurer by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them, or of this Act, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, the Clerk to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall act in both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of the said recited Acts or this Act, or any of them, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer shall act as Clerk, in the Execution of the said recited Acts or this Act, or any of them, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the Twentieth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, as enacts that all Officers and Persons accounting as therein mentioned, shall verify their Accounts upon Oath, if thereunto required by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them; and also so much thereof as enacts, that if any such Officer or Person shall refuse to verify their Accounts in Manner aforesaid, he shall be subject to the Punishment therein mentioned; shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

Books to be

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall, and kept of Ac- they are hereby required from Time to Time and at all Times during Receipts and the Continuance of this Act, to order and direct a Book or Books to Disburse- he provided and kept by their Clerk for the Time being, in which ments, which Book or Books such Clerk shall enter or cause to be entered true and shall be open regUlar Accounts of all Sums of Money received, paid, laid out and spectton of expended, for or on account of the said Roads, and of the several

Articles,

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxi. 765

Articles, Matters and Things for which such Sums of Money shall the Trustees have been laid out, disbursed, or paid; which Books shall at all seasonable Times be open to the Inspection of the said Trustees, or any Creditor or Creditors of the Tolls, without Fee or Reward, and the said Trustees and Creditors, and any of them, shall and may take Copies of or Extracts from the said Book or Books, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, without paying any thing for the same; and in case the said Clerk shall refuse to permit the said Trustees or such Creditors, or any of them, to inspect the same, or to take such Copies or Extracts as aforesaid, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied and recovered, apportioned and applied in Manner provided by the said recited Act of the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case all or any of the Tolls For taking arising by virtue of the said recited Acts and of this present Act, upon ToH Houses' the said Roads, shall have been or shall be demised or let to farm to when Lessees any Person or Persons in any Manner whatsoever, and the Lessee or of Tolls neg-Lessees, Farmer or Farmers thereof, shall neglect or refuse to per- feet to fulfil form the Terms and Conditions on which the same shall be so demised JJjJJ CoQ" or let, or in case the Rent or Rents agreed to be paid by such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, shall be in Arrear by the Space of Fourteen Days next after any of the Days on which the same ought to be paid, pursuant to the Agreement for letting or demising thereof, or in case such Lease or Agreement shall in any other Manner become void, then and in either of such Cases it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where the Toll House and Premises shall be situate, upon Application made to him by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or their Clerk or Treasurer, or any other Person authorized by Writing under the Hands of any Five or more of them, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter upon and take possession of any Toll House or Toll Houses, and the Buildings, Gates, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, in the Day-time, and to remove or put out such Lessee or Lessees,

Farmer or Farmers of the Tolls arising thereat respectively, or other Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods, out of the same and from the Possession thereof) and from the Collection of such Tolls, and to give to the said Trustees, or other Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, Possession thereof; and that thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them (if they shall think fit), to vacate and determine the Contract or Agreement for demising or letting the said Tolls to such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, and the same shall be utterly void to all Intents and Purposes, save as to the Obligations, Covenants, or Agreements for Payment of the Rent or Rents thereby reserved, or other unperformed or broken Obligations,

Covenants, or Agreements on the Lessees’ Part, as if such Demise or Agreement had never been made; and in that Case, or in case the Lease or Agreement shall otherwise become void, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, in every such Case to demise or let to farm the said Tolls again to any Person or Persons, or cause them to be collected in such and the same Man-[Local~\ 9 H ner

766

Tickets to be provided.

An Action of Ejectment may be supported by one Mortgagee.

Certain Carriages to be allowed the Advantages onder55G.3. c.il9.

For preventing Toll Collectors from misbehaving.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxi.

ner as if no former Demise, Contract, or Agreement had been made relative thereto.

XL. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Tolls by the said Acts granted, the Collector or Receiver thereof shall and he is hereby required to deliver gratis, to the Person paying such Tolls, a Note or Ticket denoting such Payment, and such Note or Ticket shall be provided by the said Trustees, and there shall be printed and specified thereon the Names of the several and respective Gates freed by such Payment.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Mortgagee or Mortgagees of the Tolls by the said recited Acts or this Act authorized to be taken on the said Roads, or the Toll Gates, Bars, Chains, Toll Houses and Buildings thereon, shall seek to obtain the Possession of the said Toll Gates, Bars, Chains, Toll Houses, and Buildings, in order to pay himself! herself, or themselves the Principal Money and Interest, or any Part thereof, due to him, her, or them, it shall be competent for him, her, or them, as Lessor or Lessors of the Plaintiff, and upon his, her, or their Demise only, and without uniting in such Demise the other Mortgagees of the said Premises, to obtain such Possession, but such Person or Persons who shall obtain the Possession thereof shall not apply the lolls which may consequently be received by him, her, or them to his, her, or their own exclusive Use and Benefit, but to and for the Use and Benefit of all the Mortgagees of the said Tolls, Toll Gates, Buildings, and Premises, pari passu, and in Proportion to the several Sums which may be due to them as such Mortgagees.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Waggons, Carts, and other such like Carriages, having the Wheels and Axletrees of the Widths and Descriptions directed by an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the Trustees of Turnpike Roads to abate the Tolls on Carriages, and to allow Qf their carrying extra Weights in certain Cases, and the Horses and other Cattle drawing the same, shall have and enjoy the Privileges and Exemptions granted thereby.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Toll Collector or Collectors, being Lessee or Lessees of the Tolls of the said Roads, or appointed or to be appointed either under the said recited Acts or this Act, or by the said Trustees, or by any such Lessee or Lessees, to collect the Tolls and Duties payable at any Turnpike or Toll Gate on the said Roads, shall be and is hereby required on each and every Day previous to his entering on Duty for the Collection of the said Tolls, to place his Christian and Surname, painted on a Board in legible Characters, in the Front or some other conspicuous Part of the Toll House or Toll Gate, each of the Letters of such Name or Names to be at least Two Inches in Length, and of a Breadth in Proportion, and painted either in White Letters on a Black Ground, or Black Letters on a White Ground, and shall continue the same so placed during the whole Time he shall be upon such Duty; and if any Collector of the same

ToUs

767

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxi.

Tolls shall not place such Board as aforesaid, and keep the satine during the Time aforesaid, or shall refuse to permit or suffer* or shall in anywise hinder any Person or Persons from reading such Christian or Surname, or shall refuse to tell his Christian or Surname to any Person or Persons who shall demand the same on having paid the said Tolls, or any of them, or shall in Answer to such Demand give a false Name or Names, or shall refuse or neglect to give a printed Note or Ticket denoting the Payment of such Tolls, and having named or specified thereon the Gate or Gates freed by such Payment, or shall unnecessarily detain, or upon the legal Toll being paid or tendered, shall wilfully obstruct, hinder, or prevent any Passenger, Horse, Beast, Carriage, or Cattle from passing through any Turnpike or Toll Gate, or shall make use of any scurrilous or abusive Language to any Passenger or Passengers, then and in every such Case every such Toll Collector shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every such Offence, as the Justice or Justices before whom the Information shall be laid shall adjudge; and such Penalty shall be recovered, levied, apportioned, and applied in Manner prescribed by the said recited Act of the Twentieth Year of His late Majesty.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Tolls shall be de- Exempting

manded or taken for or in respect of any Horse or Carriage attending Royal Family His Majesty or any of the Royal Family. from Toll.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be Exem lion demanded or taken for any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, passing laden with fromTolls* or going empty or unladen for, or returning the same Day empty or unladen, after having been laden with Stone, Bricks, Lime, Gravel, or other Materials for making and repairing the said Roads, or for repairing the Highways or Bridges in any of the Parishes through which the Roads directed by the said Acts and this Act to be repaired lead; nor for any Carriage passing laden with or going empty or unladen for, or returning the same Day empty or unladen after having been laden only with Marl, Muck, Dung, Compost, or other Manure, if such Carriage with the Lading thereof shall not exceed Four Tons Weight, unless such Carnages shall have Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches or upwards, the Felly or Tire whereof shall not deviate more than One Inch from a flat Surface; or for any Cattle or Carriage employed in carrying or conveying Hay or Corn in the Straw not sold or disposed of, or going to be sold or disposed of but to be laid up in the respective Houses, Outhouses, or Yards of the respective Owners thereof, or for Hurdles, or Rice for Hedging, or Seed Corn in Sacks, being the Growth and Produce of Lands held by the Inhabitants of or Occupiers of Land within any Parish or Place through which the said Roads lead, And carried for their own proper Use and Consumption, and not for Sale; nor shall any Toll be taken of the Inhabitants of any Parish wherein any Turnpike Gate shall stand or be erected, who shall occupy Lands on each Side of such Turnpike Gate within the same Parish, for passing to and from such Lands with his, her, or their Carriages or Horses; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry passing in order to the using or repairing the same, or any other Tiling employed

768 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxi.

ployed in Husbandry in the several Parishes in which the said Roads lie; nor for any Horse or other Cattle going to or from Water, Pasture, or Plough, or other Tillage or Work in Husbandry upon or within any of the Lands within such Parishes or either of them; nor for any Horse belonging to any Inhabitant of the Parishes through which the said Roads lead, passing to be shod or farried; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken of or from any Rector, Vicar, or Curate going to or returning from his own Parish Church or other Place of Divine Worship, or visiting his sick Parishioners, or from any Persons going to or returning from their proper parochial Church or Chapel, or from any Person or Persons going to or returning from his, her, or their usual Place of religious Worship tolerated by Law upon Sundays, or any other Days on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; nor from any Person or Persons going to or returning from the Funeral of any Person or Persons who shall die or be buried in either of the said Parishes; nor for any Person or Persons going to or returning from any Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for the said County of Southampton, during the Time of or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; nor for any Horses or Carriages of whatsoever Description employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back therefrom; nor for any Horse furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry and rode by him in going to or returning from any Place appointed for Exercise, Inspection, or Review, provided that such Person be dressed in the Uniform of his Corps, and have his Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations appointed for such Corps at the Time of claiming the Exemption; nor for the Horses of Soldiers passing who are upon their March or upon Duty; nor for Waggons, Wains, Carts, or Carriages employed in conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or any sick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers; or for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, or the Horse or Horses or other Cattle drawing the same, which shall be employed in carrying or conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat or other Public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, or returning after having been so employed; nor for Horses or Carriages travelling with Vagrants sent by legal Passes, nor Prisoners sent to Gaol or House of Correction, or returning after having been so employed.

Carriages

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or driving conveying or causing to be driven any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, Stores^ot to Prov^ec^ for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or conveying any be°8ubject to Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat, or other Public Stores of or be-Penalties for longing to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, shall Overweight, be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture for Overweight; nor shall any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage be stopped or detained by reason of any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen, but it shall be lawful for any Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Wain,

Cart,

769

Trustee# not to deviate

100 Yards from the Line of the old Roads without Consent of Own-

cupiers of the

1° GEORGII IV. C(ip.xxxi.

Cart, or other Carriage, to put any Number of Horses oi Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in this Act contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees in widening, diverting, turning, varying, or altering the Course or Path of any Part of the Roads comprized in the said recited Acts, to deviate more than One hundred Yards from the present Line or Course thereof, without the Consent in Writing of the Owners and Occupiers, or the reputed Owners and Occupiers for the Time being, of the Lands and Grounds which may be affected by any such Diversion or Alteration; any thing in the said recited Acts contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the . j

said Trustees shall think proper to sell and dispose of any Piece or {Jnd to'have Pieces of Ground not wanted for the Purposes of the said Acts and the First this Act, they shall first offer the same for Sale to the Person or Per- Offer, sons of whom the same shall have been purchased, or (in case such Ground shall be a Piece or Pieces of the old Road) to the Person or Persons whose Lands shall adjoin thereto; and if such Person or Persons respectively shall then and thereupon refuse or shall not agree (except with respect to or on account of the Price thereof) to purchase the same respectively, an Affidavit to be made and sworn before a Master or Master Extraordinary of the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County where the Lands shall be situate, who are hereby respectively empowered to take such Affidavit, by some Person or Persons no way interested in the said Piece or Pieces of Ground, stating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Offer was then and thereupon refused, or was not agreed to by the Person or Persons to whom the same was made, shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made, and refused or not agreed to by the Person or Persons to whom such Offer was made (as the Case may be); and in case such Person or Persons shall be desirous of purchasing such Piece or Pieces of Ground, and he, she, or they, and the said Trustees shall differ and not agree with respect to the Price thereof, then the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury in Manner by the said Acts directed with respect to disputed Value of Premises to be purchased by the said Trustees; and the Expence of hearing and determining such Difference, shall be borne and paid in like Manner as by the said Acts are directed with respect to such Purchases made by the said Trustees, mutatis mutandis; and the Money to arise by the Sale or Sales which may be made by the said Trustees of such Piece or Pieces of Ground as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for any Misapplication or Non-application of such Money.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Getting Ma. and for the Surveyor or Surveyors, or such Person or Persons as he

or they shall appoint, to dig, gather, and carry away Gravel, Furze,

[Zoca/.] 91 Heath,

770

Notice to be given of taking Materials.

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxi.

Heath, Sand, Flint, Stones, or other Materials out of any Common, River, or Brook, or out of or from any Waste or Common, proper and convenient for repairing and amending the Roads aforesaid, without paying any thing for the same, such Surveyor or Surveyors or other Persons levelling or causing to be levelled all such Holes and Pits where any Materials as aforesaid shall be digged, gathered, or taken, and from whence the same shall be carried away, or making a safe and convenient Fence round all such Holes or Pits; and where a sufficient Quantity of Materials cannot be had from such Rivers, Brooks, or Commons, for repairing and amending the said Roads, it shall and may be lawful for such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons as aforesaid, by Order of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County in which such Materials are to be gotten, to be made upon the Application of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to dig and gather such Materials in, and carry the same out of and from the Lands and Grounds of any Person or Persons, not being the Ground whereon a House stands, or a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to any House, or a Piece or Parcel of Ground set apart or used as a Nursery for Trees, where such Materials are or may be found, and from Time to Time to carry away the same, or so much thereof, as the Surveyor or Surveyors shall judge necessary for repairing and amending the said Roads; paying such Rates for such Materials, and for the Damage done to the Owners and Occupiers respectively of the Lands or Grounds where and from whence the same shall be digged, gathered, or carried away, or over which the same shall be carried; as also for the Damage done to the Owners and Occupiers of any private Lands or Grounds over which such Materials gotten in any River, Brook, or Waste Ground shall be carried or conveyed, as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall judge reasonable; and in case of Difference concerning the same between such Owners or Occupiers, and the said Trustees, touching such Damages as aforesaid, then Two Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County, shall and may adjudge, assess, and determine the same.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons acting under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, get, take, or carry away such Materials for repairing such Roads out of or from any inclosed Land or Ground, until Fourteen Days Notice in Writing, signed by such Surveyor, shall have been given to the Owner or Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Owner or Occupier at his usual Place of Abode, to appear before any one- or more Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County, to shew cause why such Materials ought not to be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Owner or Occupier or his Agent shall attend pursuant to such Notice, but shall not shew sufficient cause to the contrary, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices by their Order, to authorize such Surveyor or other Person or Persons to dig, get, gather, and carry away such Materials at such Time or Times as to the said Justice or Justices 13 shall

771

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxi.

shall seem proper; and if such Owner or Occupier shall neglect oi refuse to appear by himself or his Agent pursuant to such Notice, the said Justice or Justices may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Owner or Occupier or his Agent had attended.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Sur- Surveyor* veyor or Surveyors who shall be nominated under the said Acts and Annoyances, this Act, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint,

from Time to Time to cut down or lop at proper Seasons of the Year, any Branches of Trees, Underwood, Shrubs, or Bushes growing in the Hedges, Fences, or Grounds adjoining thereto within Thirty Feet of the Centre of the said Roads, (the same not being in any Garden,

Orchard, Yard, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, and not being an Ornament or Shelter to a House), so as to reduce such Hedges to any Height not less than Four Feet, and to take and carry away the same in case the respective Owners or Occupiers of the Lands where such Annoyances shall happen to be, shall neglect so to do for Seven Days after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose under the Hand or Hands of such Surveyor or Surveyors, the Charges whereof (to be settled by the said Trustees) shall be reimbursed to the said Surveyor or Surveyors by such respective Owners or Occupiers neglecting to cut down such Branches of Trees, Underwood, Shrubs, or Bushes, which Charges shall be levied and recovered in the same Manner as any Forfeiture or Penalty is herein-after directed to be levied and recovered; and if after the Removal of any such Annoyances, any Person or Persons shall offend again in like Manner, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and Preyer ting they are hereby required from Time to Time to cause to be erected Annoyances^ Guide Posts upon such Parts of the said Roads, where the same may on tie 0R be crossed or joined by other Roads, as they shall think proper, and

if any Person or Persons shall wilfully pull up or damage any Direction Post or Mile Stone erected or fixed, or to be erected or fixed in or near the Side or Sides of the said Roads, or shall obliterate or deface any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks inscribed thereon, or if any Person shall ride upon any Causeway or Footpath upon or on the Side of or adjoining the said Roads, or shall drive any Horse,

Beast, or Swine, or any Carriage upon, or cause any Damage to be done to any Causeway or Footpath, or shall leave or suffer any Horse,

Beast, Cattle, Sheep, or Swine to graze or be and remain loose on the said Roads, or any Part thereof, or if any Person shall cause to be drawn upon any Part of the said Roads any Timber, Stone, or other Thing, otherwise than upon wheeled Carriages, or shall suffer any Timber, Stone, or other Thing, which shall be carried upon wheeled Carriages, to drag upon the said Roads to the Prejudice thereof or if any Person driving any Pigs or Swine upon the said Roads, shall suffer the same to root up and damage the said Roads, or the Fences on either Side thereof, or if any Person driving any Carriage upon the said Roads, shall ride upon the Shafts or other Part of the said Carriage without holding the Reins of the Horse or

Horses,

772 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxi.

Horses, or meeting another Carriage shall not keep his or her Carriage on his or her left or near Side of the said Road, and also keep on the same Side himself, or if any other Person shall in any other Manner wilfully prevent any other Person or Persons from passing him or her, or any Carriage under his or her Care, upon the said Roads, or if any Person shall make or assist in making any Fire or Fires, or shall set fire to, or let off* or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent, or Firework whatsoever, on any Part of the said Roads, or within Eighty Feet of the Centre thereof, or play at Football or any other Game, to the Annoyance of Passengers, on any Part of the said Roads, or if any Person shall leave any Carriage (except in Cases of Accident), upon or on the Side of the said Roads longer than may be necessary to load or unload the same, either with or without any Horse or Beast of Draught harnessed or yoked thereto, or in case such Carriage shall not during such Time be drawn up to the Side of the said Roads, as near as conveniently may be, or in case any Person shall lay any Timber, Stone, Chalk, Marl, Lime, Hay, Straw, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Matter or Tiling whatsoever upon the said Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof, between the said Roads and the Hedges, Banks, or Fences erected or to be erected on the Sides thereof, or if any Person after having blocked any Carriage in going up any Hill or rising Ground, shall leave on the said Road, a Stone or other Thing used in such blocking, or shall plough up, dig up, or break up any of the Soil between the said Roads and such Fences as aforesaid, for the Purpose of making Compost or Manure, or otherwise shall scrape off any Soil or other Thing from the said Roads or the Sides thereof, or shall take up and carry away any Scrapings thereof, or any Dung, Mould, Soil, Compost, or Manure from the Sides thereof except such as may be lying in his own Grounds, and be carried away without being brought over any Part of the said Roads, or that the same may be done at such Times, and under such Regulations, as the Trustees or their Surveyor shall direct and order, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be recovered and applied as by the said Act of the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty is directed.

Gates to open

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Gate of any Park, Pad-

mwards. dock, Field, or Inclosure whatsoever, shall be made to open into or towards any Part of the said Roads, or be suffered to continue so to open, except the Hanging Post thereof shall be Thirty Feet at least from the Centre of any such Part of the said Roads; and the Occupier or Occupiers of every Park, Paddock, Field, or In closure, having any Gate opening outward contrary to the Meaning of this Act, shall within Fourteen Days after Notice to him, her, or them given, either personally or in Writing from the Surveyor of the said Roads, cause such Gate to be hung so that the same shall not open outward or swing towards the said Roads whenever the same shall be practicable, but in every Case in such Manner as that no Part of the Gate when open shall project over any Part of the said Roads, or any Footpath belonging thereto, and in default thereof the Surveyor of the said Roach is hereby authorized to cause the Gate to be hung according to

773

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxi.

to the Intention of this Act, and the Person or Persons guilty of such Neglect or Default shall, upon Complaint made to any Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County or Place where the Gate shall be situate, and upon the Conviction or upon the Oath of One credible Witness, pay to such Surveyor such Sum as the said Justice or Justices shall direct, to defray the Expences of making the Alteration, and hanging such Gate, and shall also forfeit and pay a further Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for his, her, or their Neglect therein, to be affixed by and at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be made, and such Penalty shall be recovered, levied, apportioned, and applied in Manner prescribed by the said recited Act of the Twentieth Year of His late Majesty's Reign.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the l’ower to Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, and such Persons as they make Cause* shall appoint by order of the said Trustees, to make and keep in Repair, ways’ c’ or cause to be made and kept in Repair, any Footway or Causeway

for the Use and Accommodation of Foot Passengers in, upon, or on the Sides of the said Road, in such Manner as they shall think proper; and also to amend and keep in repair such Footways or Causeways as are already made on the Sides of the said Roads, whether leading through any Town or Place or not, provided there be no Act for paving the same.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Horse, Ass, Sheep, Surveyors to Swine, or other Beast or Cattle of any Kind, shall at any Time be found impound wandering, straying, or lying about the said Roads or any Part thereof

or by the Sides thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Sur- Ruads. veyor of the said Trustees for the Time being, or some other Person or Persons employed by him or the said Trustees, to seize and impound every such Horse, Ass, Sheep, Swine, or other Beast or Cattle in the common Pound of the Parish, Township, Tithing, or Place where the same shall be, or in such other Place as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall appoint, and the same there to detain until the Owner or Owners thereof shall for every and each Horse,

Ass, Sheep, Swine, or other Beast or Cattle so impounded pay the Sum of One Shilling to the Person impounding the same, together with the reasonable Charges and Expences of impounding and keeping the same; in case the said Penalty, Charges, and Expences shall not be paid within Four Days after such impounding, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, to sell, or cause to be sold, every such Horse, Ass, Sheep, Swine, or other Beast or Cattle, and the Money arising from such Sale, after deducting the said Penalty, and the Charges and Expences of impounding, keeping, and selling every such Horse, Ass, Sheep, or Swine, or other Beast or Cattle, shall be paid to the Person whose Property the same so sold shall appear to have been.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be Application agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- of Money ments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said above2001 Acts and this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any

[Local.'] 9 K Corporation,

774 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxi.

Corporation, Tenant for Life or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or any Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or other Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of

I any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments standing settled therewith to the same or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under and with the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance or Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall by Order of the said High Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Where less

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any than 2001. Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or and above Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in such Cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under

775

P GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxi.

under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case may be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the said High Court of Chancery.

XXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Where not Money so agreedor awarded to bepaidas nextbefore mentioned shall not more than exceed Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be ap- 201, plied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being

have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons In case of to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded or assessed for not making any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue £, "^a

of the said Acts and this Act, shall refuse to accept the same, or shall 11 e’ not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case the Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded or assessed as aforesaid cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered; then and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, [describing them], subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said High Court of Chancery; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said

Court

776

In case of a

disputed

Title.

Court may order reasonable Expences to be paid by the Trustees.

Statute Labour and Composition Money how

formed and apportioned.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxi.

Court shall seem meet, just, and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receiptor Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the same is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person or Persons to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of the said Acts and this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to he purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to be lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said High Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or In-

erest therein.

t

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporations entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall he required to be paid into the said High Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said High Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to he paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Acts as relate to the Performance of Statute Labour on the said Roads, shall he and the same is hereby repealed, and that all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work on the said Roads, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereto in like

i Manner

777

1* GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxi.

Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County, Borough, Riding or Place where the said Roads are situate, and they are hereby required and empowered (upon Application made to them by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or by the Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor, or by their Order) yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, or Places in which the said Roads or any Part thereof lies, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of any such Parish, Township or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Works as aforesaid, shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereto, it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township, or Place, to bring in Lists before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons, of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township, or Place respectively, are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and out of such Lists the said Justices shall and may appoint and order such and so many Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads, as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest) and on such Parts of the said Roads as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint j and the said Justices may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lists shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the Surveyor of such Parish, Township, or Place, to be by him paid over to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct j. and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall or may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the gaid Trustees, shall for every Day of his or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or [Loeul.~] 9 L Draughts,

778

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxi.

Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts to be provided by him or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject and liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of he said Roads; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lists, or to collect or pay over such Composition or any Part thereof in Manner as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lists, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Trustees to

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall £0" Statute be lawful for the said Trustees to compound and agree with any Person Work. or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Statute Work to be by them done on the said Roads, or any Part thereof, and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in all or any of the Parishes or Places in which the said Roads are situate, for a certain Sum of Money by the Year or otherwise as the said Trustees shall think reasonable in lieu of the Whole or any Part of the Statute or other WTork to be done by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers on the said Roads, which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways or other Officers of the Parish, Township, or Place, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer to the said Trustees in Advance, on or before the Tenth Day of October in each and every Year, or otherwise the Inhabitants and the Occupiers of such Parish, Township, or Place shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be paid and defrayed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, out of the Monies now remaining in their Hands, or which shall first come into their Hands by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act or either of them.

[Public Act.]

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without the same being specially pleaded.

to

Expences of this Act.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxi. 779

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted by Commence-this Act shall commence on the Day of the passing thereof, and shall continue for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the of this Act. End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1820.

ANNO PRIMO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. xxxii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving several Districts of Malmesbury Turnpike Roads, and other Roads connected therewith, in the Counties of Wilts, Berks, and Gloucester.

[22d June 1820.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, 38G.3.< and improving the Road from Tetbury, in the County of Gloucester, to and through Malmesbury, to the Churchway in Lower Stanton Field, in the County of Wilts, there to join the Turnpike Road, leading from Chippenham Bridge to Lower Stanton aforesaid, and from Malmesbury to the Turnpike Road at or near Jackament’s Bottom, in the said County of Gloucester, and also the Road from Farringdon to Cricklade, from thence to Malmesbury, and to the Turnpike Road at Acton Turville, and also from Sherstone to the Turnpike Road leading from Tetbury to Bath; and for making, maintaining, widening and improving several other Roads communicating therewith; which Roads were by the said Act divided into Two Districts, as therein particularly described, and placed under the Care and Management of separate Trustees, thereby appointed for such Districts respec-[Local.~\ 9 M tively:

782

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii.

tively: And whereas considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon each of the said Districts, which Money still remains due and owing: And whereas that Part of the Second District of Road, which extends from Acton Turville to Downend, in the said County of Gloucester, hath been proceeded upon, but at present remains incomplete and unfinished; and by reason of the great Length of the same District, and the Distance of that Part, from the Upper Part thereof, it would be more conveniently and properly attended to, if the same were’detached from the other Parts of that District, and formed into another District, and placed under the Care and Management of separate Trustees, and other requisite Officers residing in that Neighbourhood: And whereas divers Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls to arise on the said last-mentioned Line of Road exclusively, which Sums still remain due and owing; and it is expedient that the same, together with all other Monies which may hereafter be advanced and lent on the Credit of the Tolls of the said last-mentioned Line of Road, should be more effectually secured by Mortgage of the said Tolls, under the Authority of this Act: And whereas the Public Highway now leading from and out of the Road from Malmesbury to Chippenham, at or near a certain Place called Kingway, to and through the Village of Hul-lavington, unto the Turnpike Road leading from Upper Stanton to Grittleton, is very much out of repair, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be properly amended, widened, and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course or Law; and it would be of public Utility if the same were either made good, or Part thereof shut up, and a shorter Road made from or near to CorSton Bridge, by certain Lands called the Downs and Topsails, to and through the said Village of Hullavington to the said Stanton and Grittleton Road, and added to the said First District of Road:And whereas it would be also more convenient to the Public, if Power were given to the Trustees of the Second District of Road, to stop up that Part of the present Road which leads from the Village of Charlton, by Smith's Mill, to Whychurch Marsh Gate, or otherwise to discontinue the same as a Turnpike Road, and make it Private only for the Use of the Owners and Occupiers of the adjoining Lands, and in the Stead and Place thereof to repair, amend, widen, make and maintain as Turnpike a Road from Charlton Heath or Moor, or Noah's Ark, by Garsdon, and Milhorn Common, into the Road there leading to Malmesbury, at or near to HolloWay Bridge: And whereas many Parts of the said Roads comprized in both the said Districts might be greatly improved, and it would be of general Utility if Power were given to widen, divert, turn, shorten. Vary and alter several Parts of the said Roads, and more particularly to shorten the Distance between the Towns of Cricklade and High-worth, and avoid the Blunsdon and JVidhill Hills, by making the .Road Turnpike from Seven Bridges, in the present Track through Golden Rose Lane, and along Hahnington Laum, or Part of Han-nington Lawn, in the best Line to join the present Turnpike Road again at or near Stanton Water, on the West Side Of Hampton and Highworth; and also to shorten the Distance between Highworth and Farringdon, by cutting or passing through the Parsonage Yard and Land on the East Side of the said Town of Highworth, and making 6 the

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii. 783

the Road straight into the Turnpike Road again, close to the Messuage of Randle Pedley in Eastrop, in the Occupation of Thomas Hopper: And whereas the said Roads cannot be effectually made, amended, diverted, varied, altered, widened, straightened, improved, maintained, and kept in Repair, and the said Second District cannot be divided; nor can the Sums of Money so borrowed as aforesaid, or the Interest thereof be paid, unless the Term of the said recited Act (which is now near expiring), be continued; and it would be more convenient to the Trustees for executing the said Act, and beneficial to the Roads herein-before mentioned and described, if the said recited Act Were repealed, and further, better, and more effectual Powers granted, consolidated, and comprized in one Act: But the same cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act Former Act the said recited Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of rPe^’.and His late Majesty King George the Third, shall be and the same is vided*into hereby declared to be repealed; and that this Act shall from thence- Three Dis-forth commence, take effect, and be put in Execution for and during tricts. the Term herein-after mentioned, for the Purpose of making, amending, diverting, varying, altering, widening, straightening, improving, maintaining, and keeping in Repair the several Roads hereinafter described; (that is to say), the present Turnpike Road leading The F; rst from the Town of Tetbury in the County of Gloucester, to and District set through the Borough of Malmesbury to the Site of Ground whereon out and a Cottage formerly stood, adjoining to the Churchway in Lower Stan- descriljed-ton Field, in the County of Wilts, there joining the Turnpike Road leading from Chippenham Bridge to Lower Stanton aforesaid; and the Road leading from the High Cross, in the Borough of Malmesbury, to the Turnpike Road leading from Cirencester in the County of Gloucester, to Tetbury aforesaid, at or near a Place called Jackamenfs Bottom in the said County; and the Road (by this Act intended to be made Turnpike) leading from and out of the said present Turnpike Road from Malmesbury to Chippenham, at or near the aforesaid Place called Kingway, to and through the Village of Hullavington, unto the Turnpike Road leading from Upper Stanton to Grittleton, or else from the said present Turnpike Road from Malmesbury to Chippenham, at or near to Corston Bridge, by the Downs and Topsails, to and through the said Village of Hullavington, to the said Stanton and Grittleton Road; which several Roads aforesaid do pass through or lie in the Parishes, Tifchings, or Places of Malmesbury, Saint Paul Malmesbury, the Abbey Malmesbury, Saint Mary Westport, Newnton, Brokenborough, Milborne, Whychurch, Charlton, Hankerton, Crudwell,

Kemble, Burtonhill, Corston, Hullavington, Stanton Saint Quintin, and Grittleton, in the said County of Wilts, and shall be and be called the First District of Roads: The present Turnpike Road leading Th s from the Town of Farringdon, in the County of Berks, (commencing District!00 at the Turnpike Gate inclusive, erected and now standing at the West End of the said Town), to and through the several Towns and Boroughs of Highworth, Cricklade, and Malmesbury, unto the Turnpike

784

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii.

pike Road at Acton Turville, and also the present Turnpike Road from Sherstone Magna to the Turnpike Road leading from Tetbury to Bath, and also the present Turnpike Road leading out of the said Turnpike Road from Malmesbury to Sherstone, at the end of a Lane in the Parish of Brokenborough, near to a certain Field called Hyem Parky to the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Gloucester to Bath, at or near the Place where the Roads from Frocester to Bath and Rodborough to Bath unite, in the Parish of Lasbrough, and from the Upper End of Shipton Moyne Street, unto a Place called Under-bridge, in the Parish of Shipton Moyne; and also the Road leading from the aforesaid present Turnpike Road and Gates at Charlton aforesaid to the said Turnpike Road leading from Malemsbury to Jackamenfs Bottom, at or near a certain Place called The Five Lanes, in the Parish of Hankerton, and from thence joining the Turnpike Road leading from Tetbury to Malmesbury aforesaid at the Village of Newnton, and also the Variation of Road by this Act intended to be made Turnpike, leading from and out of the present Turnpike Road from Cricklade to Malmesbury, from Charlton Moor or Heath, or Noah1 s Ark, by Garsdon and Milborne Common, to Holloway Bridge; and the Variations of Road from Seven Bridges by Golden Rose Lane, and after extending through Part of Hannington Lawn, passing in nearly a straight Line to Stanton Water, between the Towns of Cricklade and Highworth; and the Diversion of Road also by the said Act intended to be made Turnpike, through or near the Parsonage Yard and Land on the East Side of the Town of High-worth, in a straight Line therefrom, to join the said Turnpike Road from Farringdon to Highworth by the Messuage of Randle Pedley, in Bastrop, in the Occupation of Thomas Hopper; which said last-mentioned Roads, Variations, and Diversions, do pass through or lie in the several Parishes, Tithings, or Places of Farringdon, Great Cox-well, and Coleshill, in the County of Berks; and Fresden, Bastrop, Highworth, Westrop, Hampton Turville, Stanton Fitzwarren, Han-nington, Bury Blunsdon, Broad Blunsdon, Widhill\ Water Baton, Cricklade Saint Sampson, Chelworth, Cricklade, The Leigh, Ashton-keynes, Minety, Hankerton, Charlton, Garsdon, Whychurch, Milborne, Malmesbury, Saint Paul Malmesbury, The Abbey Malmesbury, Saint Mary Westport, Bremilham, Brokenborough, Newnton, Bastongrey, Pinkney, Sherston Parva, Sheraton Magna, Luckington, and Sopworth, in the County of Wilts; and the several Parishes, Tithings or Places of Minety, Shipton Moyne, Westonbirt, Doughton, Elmstree, Charlton, Tetbury, Lasbrough, and Acton Turville, in the County of Gloucester, The Down- and shall be and be called the Second District of Road: And the end District, present unfinished Turnpike Road leading from the End of the said Second District of Road at Acton Turville into the said Turnpike Road leading from Sodbury to Bristol, at or near a certain Inn commonly called or known by the Name of The Horse Shoe at Downend, which said last-mentioned Road doth pass, or is formed to pass, into or through the several Parishes, Tithings, or Places of Acton Turville, Tormarton, Codrington, Wapley, Westerleigh, Pucklechurch, Henfield, Mangotsfield, and Downend, in the County of Gloucester, and shall be The Districts and be called The Downend District of Road: And this Act, and chargeable the Term hereby granted, and all the Tolls hereby authorized to be only with collected upon the said several Roads already and hereby intended to

be

P GEORGII IV. Cajo.xxxil. 785

be made Turnpike, and comprized in the Three several Districts *heir °)vn aforesaid, shall be and are hereby declared to be charged with and subject to the Payment of all Money now due and owing upon the Credit of the said Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, hereby repealed, and of all Monies which have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls to arise on the said Downend District of Road from Acton Turville to Downend, or which have been expended or laid out, and of Debts otherwise incurred in or towards the forming, making, or improving of the said last-mentioned District of Road; and also of all Money which shall or may from Time to Time hereafter be borrowed and become due upon the Credit of this Act, and of the Tolls arising within the same Three Districts herein described severally and respectively, and the Interest due and to grow due for the same Debts and Monies respectively, within each of such separate Districts.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all the exist- Debts coning Securities or Debts affecting the said First District of Road or any J"611.10 each Part thereof, shall not extend beyond, but shall be confined to or lstr, ct' within the same District herein-before described; and that all the existing Securities or Debts affecting the said Second District of Road

or any Part thereof, shall not be deemed or construed to extend beyond, but shall be confined to or within the same Second District herein-before described, and hereby made to terminate at Acton Turville as aforesaid; and that all the existing Securities or Debts affecting the said Downend District of Road, shall not be deemed or construed to extend beyond, but shall be confined to the same Downend District herein-before described, and hereby detached from the said Second District as aforesaid; any thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That all His Majesty's Justices of Trustees for the Peace for the said Counties of Wilts and Gloucester for the Time the First being, together with the Right Honourable Charles John Howard District, commonly called Viscount A?idoveiJonas Ady, Henry BayliJJ'e,

Maurice Maskelyne Bennett, John William Biedermann, Thomas Edward Biedermann, George Bissett Clerk, John Brooks, John Buck-

land, William Buclcland, Sir Christopher Bethel Codrington Baronet,

Thomas Calley, Giles Canter, Richard Carter, Walter Coleman, Abel Coleman, William Crowdy, Estcourt Cresswell, Thomas Creswell,

William Chandler, John Collett, Stephen Demainhray Clerk, Charles Dewell, Robert Dyer, James Darley, Thomas Grimstone Estcourt,

Edmund William Estcourt Clerk, Charles Emett, Robert Gordon, Ralph Hale Gaby, George Garlick, James Hardwick Doctor of Laws, John Troughear Handy, Charles Henry Handy, William Henry Haviland,

Francis Hill, George Holford, John Houltoji, John Howes Clerk,

Shipway Jones, John Jones, Thomas Jones, William Keene, Joseph Keene, Thomas Keene, Richard Kinneir, Peter Harvey Lovell, John Lovell Clerk, Robert Cove Lloyd, Thomas Luce, Edmund Lyne,

Thomas Martin, Robert Maskelyne, William Maskelyne, John Mere-wether, David Miles, John Neate, Robert Nicholas, John Nicholas Doctor of Laws, William Ody, Samwel Ody, Daniel Ody, Joseph Pitt,

Joseph Pittthe younger, John Paid Paul, Robert Paid, John Parsloe,

\Local.~] 9 N Robert

786

T GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii.

Robert Peacey, Richard Perrott, Richard Peers Player, Philip Pope, John Prower Clerk, Thomas Roberts, John Roberts, Matthew Robert-sony Richard Robins, Edward Ryder Clerk, William Skey Clerk, Thomas Seymour, Thomas Smith, William Smithy Daniel Smith, Samuel Smith Clerk, William Stratton, John Stephens, Benjamin Coffin Thomas, William Walker, Francis Warneford, Samuel Wilson Wameford Clerk, William Wells, James Wiggett Clerk, Henry Wightwick Clerk, Charles Wightwick Clerk, Thomas White, William Wood, Michael Wyatt Clerk, Daniel Young, Nathaniel Young, Henry Abraham Young, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for making, amending, diverting, varying, altering, widening, straightening, improving, maintaining and keeping in Repair the several Roads by this Act intended to be made, amended, diverted, varied, altered, widened, straightened, improved, maintained and kept in Repair, and for putting this Act into Execution within and for the said First Trustees for District of Road; and that all His Majesty's Justices of the Peace Disirict°nd ^or several Counties of Wilts, Berks, and Gloucester, for the Time 1 ' being, together with the Right Honourable Charles John Howard

commonly called Viscount Andover, Thomas Anns, John AngeU, Thomas Angell the younger, Nathan Atherton, the Honourable Bartholomew Bouverie, Edward Bouverie Clerk, Edward Berens Clerk, Richard Brooke, Robert John Buxton, Maurice Maskelyne Bennett, Thomas Edward Biedermann, John William Biedermann, Richard Brooke Clerk, John Boote, John Buckland, John Beak, Robert Bennett, Morgan Byrt, George Bisset Clerk, Thomas Bryan, George Brown, John Brooks, William Butler, John Bennett, Thomas Bennett, Daniel Bennett, Sir Christopher Bethell Codrington Baronet, James Crowdy, William Crowdy, Giles Canter, Robert Carter, Richard Carter, Estcourt Cresswell, Lawrence Chamberlen, William Champernowne, Henry Coleman, James Crowdy the younger, Charles Crowdy, Richard Wheeler Crowdy, William Morse Crowdy, William Beslcy Dun ford, James Hartley Dunsford Clerk, Charles Dewell Clerk, Stephen Demainbray Clerk, the Honourable William Eliot, Thomas Edoe, Giles Earle, Edmund William Estcourt Clerk, Thomas Grimstone Estcourt, Thomas Ebsworth, the Right Honourable William Pleydell Bouverie commonly called Viscount Folkestone, William Fisher, Robert Ford, Ralph Hale Gaby, Ambrose Goddard, Richard Goddard Clerk, George Garlick, William Godfrey, Robert Gordon, Henry Gauntlett Clerk, Frederick Gauntlett Clerk, George Holford, Richard Hillier, John Troughear Handy, Thomas Handy, Francis Hill, John Hitchman, Thomas Hillier, William Hallett, Thomas Herbert, Robert Humphrys, William Henry Haviland, Henry Jones, Shipway Jones, Thomas Jenner, Robert Jenner, Thomas Jones, William Keene, Joseph Keene, Richard Kinneir, Edward Love-den Loveden, John Large, William Large, Edmund Lyne, Thomas Leonard, Peter Harvey Lovell, John Lovell Clerk, Edward Lewis Clerk, Freke Lewis, John Lord, William Maskelyne, Robert Maskelyne, Daniel Matthews, Joseph Mayow, Roger Montgomery, Charles Millman Mount Clerk, Robert Nicholas, John Nicholas Doctor of Laws, Nathaniel Osborne, Samwel Ody, John Ogle, William Ody, the Honourable Philip Pusey, Nathaniel Paine, John Paul Paul, Charles Matthew Purdy, John Prower Clerk, John Mervin Prower Clerk, William Peek, Charles Poulton, Thomas Pitt, Robert Penny Doctor in 3 Divinity,

P GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii. 787

Divinity, Newdigate Points Clerk, Richard Perrott, Pryse Pryse,

Joseph Pitt, Joseph Pitt the younger, Robert Paul, William Moreton Pleydell, James William Puzey, William Pineger, Joseph Chancellor Poulton, William Poulton, Richard Peers Player, Matthew Robertson,

Richard Robins, Thomas Roberts, Edward Rowden Clerk, Thomas Stronge, Thomas Stronge the younger, Samuel Smith Clerk, Daniel Smith, Jo/m StaitTA of Inclesham, Richard Sharps, William Skey,

William Stratton, Henry Sawbridge Clerk, Thomas Smith, William Smith, William Saunders, Alvard Lofthouse Slater, Benjamin Lord Slater, Henry Saunders, , /o/m Tilling, Robert Tanner, David Thomson,

Richard Tuckey, Thomas Turner Clerk, John Ashfordby Trenchard Doctor of Laws, the Most Honourable Henry Somerset commonly called the Marquis of Worcester, George White, James Wiggett Clerk,

William Wood, Francis Wameford, Samuel Wilson Warneford Clerk,

William Wells, Thomas White, Thomas Wight, Robert Wright,

William Ward, Henry Wightwick Clerk, Charles Wightwick Clerk,

James White, William White, Thomas White, William Whitworth, '

James Wyld Clerk, Daniel Young, and their Successors in like Manner, and for the like Purposes in all Respects, shall be Trustees of, for, over, and within the said Second District of Road; and that all His Trustees for Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Gloucester for the the Downend Time being, together with the Most Honourable Henry Somerset District-commonly called the Marquis of Worcester, the Right Honourable Granville Somerset commonly called Lord Granville Somerset, Sir Bethel Codrington Baronet, Sir Hugh Smyth Baronet, James Abbot,

Thomas Boynton, Edward Bird, Henry Brown, William Blathwayte,

Thomas Bryan, John William Biedermann, Christopher William Codrington, Andrew Carrick Doctor of Physic, Michael Castle, JoAn Wyatt Cater, Stephen Cave, Daniel Cave, Edward Rolle Clayfield,

Edward Francis Colston, Edward Francis Colston the younger, Robert Croome, George Madge Davidson, Jo/m Dowding, Andrew Drummond,

Isaac Ellon, Charles Emett, Thomas Emett, Joseph Storrs Fry, Thomas Gosling, Thomas Grceme, John Haythorne, Henry Jones, Robert Lewis, John London M‘Adam, Joseph Parker, Thomas Peterson,

Joseph Pitt, John Pwrier, Thomas Hooper Riddle, John Smyth, John Hugh Smyth, Henry Shute Clerk, Henry Shute the younger, Fiennes Trotman, Fiennes Trotman the younger, John Wadham, George Withy,

George Worrell, and their Successors, in like Manner and for the like Purposes in all Respects, shall be Trustees of, for, over, and within the said Downend District of Road.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said For appoint-Trustees of the said First District of Road, and also for the said Tr using additi-tees of the said Second District of Road, and likewise for the said i^sfo^each Trustees of the said Downend District of Road respectively, or any District.aC Five or more of the said respective Trustees, and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered, at any of their respective Meetings to be hoi den in pursuance of this Act, to elect any Number of Persons not exceeding Ten in the whole, for each of the said Districts of Road respectively, to be Trustees for the Purposes of this Act, in addition to the Trustees hereby appointed; and such Trustees so elected and being duly qualified, shall be and are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing this Act, as if they had been herein named and appointed.

788 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii.

new Trustees *3e furt'ler enacted, That when and so often as any of the

onVacancies, Trustees hereby appointed or hereafter to be appointed by virtue of this Act, within any or either of the respective Districts shall die, or by Bankruptcy, Insolvency, or otherwise, become disqualified or incapable of acting in the Trusts aforesaid, or by Writing under his Hand delivered to the Clerk to the Trustees of the particular District in which such Case shall happen, shall refuse or decline to act, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for the same Districts respectively, by Writing under their Hands, to elect, nominate, and appoint some other fit and proper Person to be a Trustee in the Room of the Trustee so dying, becoming disqualified, incapacitated, refusing, or declining to act; but Notice of the Time and Place of every such Election shall be given by the Clerk of the particular District, by affixing the same in Writing upon all the Turnpike Gates across the District of Road for which such Trustee is to be elected, at least Ten Days before the Meeting for such Election; and every Trustee so elected, and being duly qualified, shall be thereupon invested with the same Powers and Authorities for executing this Act, within the District for which he shall be so appointed a Trustee, as if he had been named a Trustee in and by this Act,

Qualification

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person

of Trustees. gjyQj be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall, at the Time of his acting, be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits issuing out of Freehold or Copyhold Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be Heir Apparent of a Person seised of a Real Estate in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds, or be possessed of a Personal Estate of Four thousand Pounds, nor (except in administering the Oath or Affirmation herein-after mentioned), until he shall have taken and subscribed before some One or more of the said Trustees, an Oath or Affirmation in the following Form of Words, so far as the same is adapted to the Nature of his particular Qualification, and which Oath or Affirmation the said Trustees or either of them, at any of their Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act, is and are hereby authorized to administer; (that is to say),

Oath. T do swear, [or, being One of the People called

4 Quakers, do solemnly affirm,] That I truly and bondjide am in

1 my own Right [or, in the Right of my Wife,] in the actual Possession and Enjoyment [or, Receipt] of the Rents and Profits issuing

• out of Freehold or Copyhold Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments,

* of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprizes;

* [or, am Heir Apparent of who to the best of ' my Knowledge is seised of a Real Estate of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of One hundred and fifty ‘ Pounds]; or, am possessed of a Personal Estate of the Value of Four thousand Pounds, [as the Case may be.']

'So help me GOD.' [or, being a Quaker, omit the Words] 4 So help me GOD. '

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii. 789

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person .^"*tees appointed or to be appointed a Trustee by virtue of this Act, shall or

be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, in any places of Case where he shall be concerned in Interest (except as herein-after Profit, or provided), nor whilst he holds any Place or Employment of Profit Jc*J., nSv, c' under the said Trustees or this Act, but in respect only of the particular &c

District for which such Place shall be held, or from whence such Em- not to act. ployment of Profit shall arise, nor during the Time he shall keep a Victualling House or other House of Public Entertainment, or who shall sell Wine, Cider, Beer, Ale, Spirituous or other Strong Liquors by Retail, or who shall be interested or concerned in the Performance of any Contract under this Act, or who shall be a Lessee or Farmer of the Tolls, or of any Part or Parts thereof under this Act; and if any Person, not being qualified as aforesaid, or being disqualified by any of the Causes aforesaid, shall nevertheless presume to act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and the Person so sued or prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified, and not disqualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor, than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that no Act or Pro- But no Act ceeding touching the Execution of this Act, which shall be done or invalid, performed by any such unqualified or disqualified Person, previously to unless done his being convicted of the Offence before mentioned, shall be thereby afte^Con-impeached or rendered nugatory, but all such Proceedings shall be viction. as valid and effectual as if such Person had been duly qualified according to the Directions of this Act; and no Mortgagee or Assignee of Mortgagees any Mortgage or other Security, or any Lender of Money upon the may act as Credit of the Tolls, or receiving Interest thereout for the same, shall Trustees, and on that account only be deemed unqualified to act as a Trustee in the Trustees may Execution of this Act; and any of the Trustees appointed or to be of the Peace8 appointed under this Act, who are or shall be in the Commission of except where the Peace may act as such Justices of the Peace in the Execution of personally this Act, notwithstanding their being such Trustees, except in such interested-Cases only wherein they shall be personally interested otherwise than as a Trustee, Mortgagee, Assignee, Lender of Money, or Holder of any Security on the Credit of the Tolls granted by this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees for the said Trustees First and Second District of Roads, shall meet together at the House first and of Thomas Harvey, known by the Name or Sign of the White Lion olher Meet-Inn, in the Town of Malmesbury aforesaid, on the Fourth Saturday Ulgs‘ next after the passing of this Act; and the said Trustees for the said Downend District of Road shall meet together at the same Place, or at the House known by the Name or Sign of the Horse Shoe, at Downend aforesaid, on the said Fourth Saturday next alter the passing hereof, or as soon after wards as conveniently may be, and proceed in the Execution hereof for their respective Districts; and the said ..Trustees for each District shall then and from Time to Time after-\Local.~] 9 0 wards

790

Manner of adjourning.

Trustees to pay their own Expences, except for the Room. Orders to be made at Meetings only, and a Majority to concur. General Quorum of Trustees,

Chairman to be appointed, who shall

No Order to be revoked

Notice.

i* GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii.

wards during the Continuance of this Act, adjourn themselves, to meet at the same several Places, or at such other Place or Places upon or near the Side or Sides of their said respective Districts of Road, and uot exceeding the Distance of One Mile from some Part thereof respectively, and at such Time or Times, not being longer apart than Three Calendar Months, as the said Trustees for such Districts respectively, or the major Part of them present at such Meeting shall appoint; and if there shall not appear at any Meeting a sufficient Number of Trustees to act or to adjourn to another Day (for the Purpose of which Adjournments only Two Trustees shall be sufficient), or in case the Trustees at any Time assembled shall omit to adjourn, or in case it shall at any Time be thought necessary, by any Five or more of the Trustees of the said Districts respectively, toholdaMeeting of the said Trustees on an earlier Day than the Day to which any Meeting shall have been adjourned, then and as often as it shall so happen, the Clerk or Clerks to the Trustees for such District, being authorized by an Order in Writing, signed by Five or more of the said Trustees for that District, or any Five or more of such Trustees themselves shall and may call a Meeting of the said Trustees, by Notice in Writing to be affixed on all the Turnpike Gates then erected upon or across the Roads comprized in such District, Ten Days previous to the Time of such Meeting, at such Time and Place as such Five Trustees shall think proper, and order, direct or appoint; and at all these several Meetings the Trustees shall pay and defray their own Expences, except any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings per Diem for the Use of the Room wherein they shall meet; and all Orders and Determinations of the Trustees in the Execution of this Act shall be made at Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, and not elsewhere (except in the Cases hereby otherwise particularly provided for) and that no Order or Determination shall be made unless the major Part of the Trustees present shall concur therein; and that all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings relating to this Act, which are directed to be had, made, done, or exercised by or before the said Trustees, and all the Powers and Authorities hereby in them vested generally, shall and may be had, made, done, and exercised by or before any Five or more of them acting for their respective Districts (except in such Cases where any other Number is herein named); and that all Acts, Orders or Proceedings had, made, or done by or before such Five Trustees, shall have the same force and effect, and be binding and conclusive on all Persons, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as fully and effectually as if the same were had, made, done, or executed by or before all the said Trustees; and that a Chairman shall and may in the first Place be appointed at every Meeting to be held by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, who in case ofan equal Number of Votes upon any Occasion (including such Chairman’s Vote) shall have the casting or decisive Vote; and that no Order or Determination at any Meeting of the said Trustees, once made, agreed upon, or entered into, shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless Notice of the Intention to make such Revocation or Alteration shall have been given at a previous Meeting holden for the same District, and entered in the Book of Proceedings of such Meeting, and also by affixing such Notice on all the Turnpike Gates then erected upon the Roads°within the District, Twenty-one Days at least before such Meeting, nor 9 unless

791

1* GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii.

unless such Revocation or Alteration shall be agreed to be made by Nine Trustees at the least of the same District.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees for the several Orders and Districts aforesaid shall and they are hereby required, from Time Proceedings to Time, and at all Times during the Continuance of this Act, to Books!* provide and keep or cause to be provided and kept, by their respective

Clerk or Clerks for the Time being, a Book or Books wherein all Orders and Proceedings of the said Trustees respectively at their several Meetings, shall be regularly entered; and such Orders and Proceedings so entered and signed by a competent Number of the said Trustees (as the Case shall require), or by their Clerk, shall be deemed Originals; and such Book or Books, and also the Book or Books herein-after directed to be kept for registering or entering Mortgages of the Tolls, and Assignments or Transfers thereof, shall be admitted as Evidence in all Courts whatsoever, and by all Judges,

Justices, and others, touching any thing done, or by the Trustees ordered to be done, in pursuance of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five For appointor more of them, within their respective Districts, shall and may, by ^fe^urere Writing under their Hands in the Book of Proceedings, from Time Surveyors/ to Time, as Occasion shall require, nominate and appoint One or more and other’ Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors, Officers; Accountant or Accountants, Collector or Collectors, and such other Officer or Officers as they shall think necessary, for and within such their separate Districts, and from Time to Time afterwards, when and as they shall think fit, displace and remove any of such Treasurers,

Clerks, Surveyors, Accountants, Collectors or other Officers; and upon such Removal, or when any of them shall die, misbehave, or resign their Office, or be incapable of performing it, they the said Trustees, or any Five or more oi them, within their respective Districts, shall and may nominate or appoint another or others in the Stead and Place of such Officer or Officers, as they shall so think proper to remove, or that shall die, misbehave, or resign his or their Office, or be incapable of performing it; and the said Trustees may, by and out and allow of the Tolls arising by virtue of this Act within their respective Dis- Sa, a-tricts, allow and pay to such Treasurers, Clerks, Surveyors, Account- ne8' ants, Collectors, and other Officers, and such other Persons as shall be aiding or assisting them in the Execution of their respective Offices, or that shall be anyways employed in the Execution of this Act, such Salaries, Rewards, Wages and Allowances, for their respective Attendance, Care and Service, as to the said Trustees of such respective Districts shall seem reasonable j but no Person shall be appointed 'But no Vie-to, or capable of holding any or either of the said Offices, or any Jiu'?llerp? Place of Profit under this Act, during the Time he shall sell any 0fprofit.ac<? Wine, Cider, Perry, Ale, Beer, or Spirituous Liquors, by Retail.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurers, Clerks, Present Offi-Surveyors, and all other Officers who have been appointed under c.ers to con* and employed in the Execution of the said former Act hereby repealed, tmue '

for the said First and Second Districts respectively, (save and except only such Person or Persons as now hold the said joint Offices of

Clerk

792 F GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii.

Clerk and Treasurer for any Part of the said Roads, who shall continue the same until the Twenty-ninth Day of September next after the passing of this Act only), shall respectively continue to exercise their Offices under this Act, until they shall respectively die, resign, or be displaced or removed by the said Trustees in Manner aforesaid, or be incapable of executing them, and shall be subject to the like Rules and Regulations, and Pains and Penalties, in all respects whatsoever, as if they had been appointed under or by virtue of this Act.

Offices of

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not Treasurer lawful for the Trustees of the said respective Districts to continue not to be or appoint the Person who has been or may be appointed to act as held by one their Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Person. Clerk the Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or to continue or appoint the Person who has been or may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of any such Treasurer, the Clerk to the said Trustees; and if any Person shall act in both the Capacities of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of any such Clerk shall act as Treasurer, or being the Partner of any such Treasurer shall act as Clerk in the Execution of this Act, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparliance, shall be allowed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees within their respective Districts, shall and they are hereby required to take sufficient Security from every Treasurer to be appointed or continued for the Purposes of this Act, for the due and faithful Execution of his or their Office before such Treasurer enters upon his Office; and if they shall so think proper, shall and may also take such Security from their respective Surveyors or any other Officer or Person to be appointed or continued under or by virtue of this Act; and if any Treasurer, or such Surveyor or other Officer or Person, from whom Security shall be required, shall act in the Execution of his Office before he shall have given such Security as aforesaid, such Treasurer, Surveyor, or other Officer shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Collector or Receiver of the Tolls under this Act shall die, become insolvent, misbehave, abscond, or absent himself, neglect his Duty, or be incapable of performing it, it shall be lawful for any Three or-more of the Trustees for that District (although not assembled at a Meeting to be held pursuant to this Act), by Writing under their Hands to displace such Collector or Receiver, and to nominate and appoint a proper Person to be a Collector or Receiver of the Tolls in the Room or Stead of the Collector or Receiver who shall so die or be discharged, to continue until the Trustees for such District shall at a Meeting

holden

Trustees to take Security from their Treasurers, &c.

Trustees to appoint temporary Collector}.

793

T GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii.

holden in pursuance of this Act, appoint a Collector or Receiver of such Tolls in his or her room or stead, which Person so nominated and appointed shall have the like Powers and Authority, and shall be answerable and accountable and removable in the same manner in all respects as if he had been nominated and appointed at a Meeting under and by virtue of this Act; and that if any Collector or Receiver of the Tolls who shall be discharged from his Office by virtue of this Act, or the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or other Representatives of any Collector or Receiver who shall die or be discharged, or any Stranger, Intruder, or other Person, being in Possession thereof, shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of any Toll Gate, Toll House, or Building, or the Appurtenances thereto belonging, to be continued or set up by virtue of this Act, for the Space of Three Days after Demand thereof made, and Notice in Writing given for that Purpose under the Hand or Hands of any One or more of the said Trustees of the District (although not assembled at a Meeting), or by their Clerk, Treasurer, or Surveyor for the Time being; or if' any Lessee or Farmer of any of the Tolls arising by virtue of this Act shall retain and keep Possession of any such Toll Gate, Toll House,

Buildings, or Premises after the End of his, her, or their Lease or Term therein, then in any of the said Cases it shall be lawful for any Justice Any justice, of the Peace for the County wherein such Toll Gate, Toll House, by Warrant, Building, or Premises shall be situate, upon Demand made by the said may remove Trustees or any Three or more of them, or by any Person by them keepe^or" his appointed on their Behalf, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to Family reorder any Constable or other Peace Officer for the same County, with fusing to quit such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such House, Building, after Notice-or Premises in the Day-time, and to remove the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods out of the same, and to put the said Trustees or any of them, or any Person they shall appoint for that Purpose, into the Possession thereof.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every Officer and other Person officers to who shall be appointed or continued under or by virtue of this Act, account or shall from Time to Time, when thereunto required by the Trustees be punched, of the District to which he or they shall belong, or any Five or more of them, by Notice in Writing to him or them respectively given, or left at his or their usual Place of Abode, or within Thirty Days next afterwards, make out and deliver to such Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they or any Five or more of them shall appoint to inspect or examine the same, a true and perfect Account in Writing under his or her Hand of all Monies which shall have been by him or her had, collected, or received, and how and to whom, and for what Purpose the same and every Part thereof hath been disposed of, together with the Vouchers and Receipts for such Payments j and every such Officer and Person shall and is hereby required to pay all such Monies as, upon the Balance of such Account, shall appear to be owing from him or her to the said Trustees, to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall appoint to receive the same; and if any such Officer or Person shall neglect or refuse to render and deliver such Account as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers and Receipts relating to [Local] 9 P the

794

Justices may grant Warrants against Officers and levy Balances by Distress;

and for want of Distress commit the Offender to

1° GEORGII IV. Cup. xxxii.

the same, or to pay the Balance thereof when thereunto required, in Manner and within the Time aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse, on such Requisition as aforesaid, to deliver up to the said Trustees of such District, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they or any Five or more of them shall appoint, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his or their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, then and in every such Case, Complaint being made by the said Trustees of the District where such Neglect or Refusal shall happen, or any Five or more of them, or by any other Person or Persons on their Behalf of any such Neglect or Refusal, to any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where the Officer or Person so neglecting or refusing shall live or reside, such Justice is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Officer or Person to be brought before him, and upon his or her appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way, and to settle the said Account, if produced, in such Manner as the Trustees might have done; and if upon the Confession of the Officer or Person against whom such Complaint shall be made, or by the Oath or Oaths of any Witness or Witnesses, or upon the said Account, if produced, it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies which shall have been collected or received shall be in the Hands of or owing from such Officer or Person to the said Trustees, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized, upon Nonpayment thereof within such Time as such Justice shall direct, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Person respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Monies, and the Charges of taking, making, keeping, and selling such Distress, or if such Officer or Person shall not appear (without having sufficient Excuse) before the said Justice, at the Time and Place appointed for that Purpose, or if appearing, shall refuse or neglect to make out and deliver to the said Justice such Account in Writing as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up to the said Justice the several Vouchers and Receipts relating to such Account, or to deliver up to him all such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid (to be by him delivered over to the said Trustees), then and in any of the Cases aforesaid, the said Justice is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Officer or other Person to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County where he or she shall live or reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he or she shall have delivered in and settled such Account as aforesaid, and shall have delivered up the Vouchers and Receipts relating thereto, and shall have paid all the Money which shall appear to be in the Hands of or owing from him or her to such Trustees, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale (if any) as shall in that respect have been made, or until he or she shall have compounded with the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for such Money and Charges, and paid the Composition Money to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they or any Five or more of them shall appoint to receive the same, (and which Composition the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, within their respective Districts, are hereby empowered to make), and shall have 3 delivered

1° GEORGII IV. Cfl/j.xxxii. 795

delivered up as aforesaid such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or have given to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them.

Satisfaction in respect thereof: Provided always, that no Person who for any Time shall be committed for want of sufficient Distress only, shall be de- |'not Three" tained in Prison for any longer Time than Three Calendar Months; Months.66 but nothing* in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize or empower the said Trustees or Justices of the oncers not Peace aforesaid, or any of them, to administer any Oath or Oaths to any Clerk, Treasurer, Collector of the Tolls, Surveyor or other Officer the:r Ac-or Officers now appointed and continued, or hereafter to be appointed counts on under or by virtue of this Act, or any or either of them, for the Pur- °ath-pose of verifying his, her, or their Account or Accounts,

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall have Books, Mo-been employed to receive, or who shall have received any Rents, Tolls, nies and Ef-or other Monies under or by virtue or on account of the said former *cts unjjer Act hereby repealed, or shall have in his or her Custody or Possession Sfddil* any Vouchers, Books, Accounts, Papers, Writings or other Things vered up to relating to the said Roads hereby intended to be repaired, or any of Five Trus-them, shall account for and (if required) deliver up the same to the ‘f?9 "nder said Trustees of* the said respective Districts, or any Five or more 1 13 ct‘ of them, or any Person or Persons appointed by them, or any Five

or more of them, for that Purpose, in the like Manner and under the like Penalties, as is herein-before directed with respect to any Officer or Person appointed under or by virtue of this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees of their Accounts to said respective Districts, shall and they are hereby required, from be kept of Time to Time and at all Times during the Continuance of this Act, j^burse to order and direct a Book or Books to be provided and kept by the ments.

Clerk for the Time being to the said Trustees, in which Book or Books

such Clerk shall enter or cause to be entered true and regular Accounts of all Sums of Money received, paid, laid out, and expended for or on account of the said Roads, and of the several Articles, Matters, and Things for which such Sums of Money shall have been disbursed, laid out, and paid; which Book or Books shall at all seasonable Times be open to the Inspection of the said Trustees, or any Creditor or Creditors on the Tolls hereby granted, without Fee or Reward; and the said Trustees and Creditors shall and may take Copies of or Extracts from the said Book or Books, or any Part or Parts thereof, without paying any thing for the same; and in case the said Clerk shall refuse to permit, or shall not permit the said Trustees or such Creditors, or any of them, to inspect such Book or Books, or to take such Copies or Extracts as aforesaid, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied and recovered in Manner herein-after mentioned.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, within Trustees their respective Districts, may and shall in all Cases sue or be sued in may sue and the Name of either their Clerk or Treasurer for the same District, and ^es^fd lu not otherwise; and that no Action which shall be brought or com- their ci«Vor menced, or Indictment which may be preferred or prosecuted by or Treasurer, against the said Trustees, or any of them, by virtue or on account

796

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii.

of this Act, or any thing done, contracted for, or omitted to be done in pursuance of this Act, or by any Officer or Person acting under the same, in relation to the said Roads, or any of them, in the Name of such Clerk or Treasurer, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death, Removal, or Act of such Clerk or Treasurer, without the Consent of the said Trustees for such District; but the Clerk or Treasurer for each respective District for the Time being, shall always be and be deemed the Plaintiff’, Prosecutor, or Defendant, in every such Action or Indictment, as the Case may be; and that every such Clerk or Treasurer in whose Name any Action, Indictment, or Suit shall be commenced, preferred, prosecuted or defended, in pursuance of this Act, shall be reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, all such Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences as he shall be put unto or become chargeable with by Reason of his being so made Plaintiff, Prosecutor, or Defendant therein as aforesaid; such Clerk or Treasurer having an Order in Writing from the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, giving Directions for or consenting to the commencing, prosecuting, or defending such Action, Indictment, or Suit.

Trustees^c

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be deemed nesses6 '* incompetent to give Evidence, or be disqualified from giving Testimony or Evidence in any Action, Suit, Prosecution, or other legal Proceedings, to be brought or had in any Court of Law or Equity whatsoever, or before any Justice of the Peace, under or by virtue of this Act, by reason of being a Trustee of the said Roads, or any of them, or a Mortgagee or Creditor of the Tolls thereof, or a Farmer, Lessee, or Collector of such Tolls, or a Treasurer, or Clerk, or Surveyor, or other Officer under this Act, or an Inhabitant of any Township, Parish, Tything, or Place through which the said Roads hereby made or continued, or intended to be made Turnpike, do or shall pass, nor shall such Testimony or Evidence (for any of the Reasons aforesaid) be rejected, or liable to be questioned or set aside.

Power to

XX. And be it further enacted, That all the present Turnpike tbue Tum-" Gates, with the Toll Houses and their respective Bars, Rails, Gardens, pikes and Outlets and Appurtenances, upon and across or on the Side or Sides Toll Houses, of the said several Roads already made Turnpike, shall be continued until removed by Order of the Trustees of the Districts respectively within which the same are situate; and the said Trustees shall and may, as they shall think proper, continue or remove all or any of the Turnpikes, Toll Gates, Bars, Chains, and Toll Houses, with their respective Appurtenances, already erected on the said Roads; and also may erect and set up, or cause to be erected and set up, any other Turnpike or Turnpikes, Toll Gate or Gates, Bar or Bars, Chain or Chains, in, upon, or across any Part or Parts of the Roads by this Act continued Turnpike, or authorized and intended to be repaired or made Turnpike, and upon the Side or Sides thereof, and also in, upon, or across any Lane or Way leading into or out of the same respectively, at any Distance from the said Roads respectively, not exceeding One hundred Yards, and may also continue, erect, or provide a Toll House, with suitable Outbuildings and Conveniences at or near each and every or any such Toll Gate; and may from Time to Time afterwards

1° GEORGII IVi Cap. xxxii, 7$7

wards remove, alter, or discontinue such Toll Gates or, Toll Houses, of any of them, as they the said Trustees, within their respective Districts shall think expedient; and also may take in and inclpse from any Common or Waste Land on the Side or Sides of the said Roads, near or whereon any Turnpike House hath been by yirtuq of the said former Act, or in virtue of this Act shall be, erected or built, a Garden Spot to each such Turnpike House, not exceeding in Quao% tity One Eighth Part of an Acre; and the said Trustees may also provide and maintain a Lamp or Lamps, with proper Furniture and Utensils for lighting the same, at each Turnpike or Toll House so as aforesaid to be erected or continued; and if any Person shall wilfully break, throw down, or damage any of such Lamps, or the Post or Irons thereof, or extinguish the Light within any such Lump, such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, over and above the Costs of repairing or replacing all or any such Lamps, Posts, Irons* or other Works so broken, thrown down, or damaged.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property in Toll Gates, all the Turnpikes, Toll Gates, Toll Houses, and Buildings, and the Toll Houses, Bars, Chains, Posts, Rails, Fences, and other Conveniences, with their Trustee*! Appurtenances thereunto belonging, already erected or made upon or by the Sides of the said Roads, or which shall be erected or made by virtue of this Act, and to or in all Materials for building and repairing the same, and for repairing or making the said Roads, or any Bridges,

Docks, or Drains therein, and Parapets or Walls on the Sides thereof, and all Mile Stones and Direction Posts already or hereafter to be erected or set up on or by the Sides of the said Roads, and also to and in all the Lamps, Lamp Posts, Lamp Irons, Cotton, Oil, and Furniture for lighting the said Turnpikes and Roads, or any Part thereof, and of and in all working Tools, Implements, Utensils, Instruments,

Materials, the Scrapings of the said Roads, and other Things whatsoever, which shall be got, collected, or provided for any the Purposes or under the Authority of this Act, shall be, and every of them and every Part and Parcel thereof respectively is and are hereby vested in the said Trustees within their respective Districts; and they the said Trustees of the same Districts respectively are hereby authorized and empowered to sell and dispose of the same, or any of them, when and as they shall think proper, and to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions, or to prefer or cause to be preferred and prosecuted any Bill or Bills of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall without Right keep Possession of any such House or its Appurtenances, or shall dig up, break, pull down, damage, steal, take away, spoil, injure, or destroy any of such Turnpikes, Tpll Gates, Toll Houses, Conveniences, Appurtenances, Materials, Articles, or Things aforesaid, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, or disturb the said Trustees or any of their Agents or Servants in the Possession thereof; in which Bill or Bills of Indictment it shall be sufficient to state generally such Toll Gates, Toll Houses, Conveniences, Appurtenances, Materials, Articles or Things, to be the Property of the Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being to the said respective Trustees.

798

Power to take Tolls.

Tolls.

Tolls vested in the Trustees, and on Non-payment may be levied by Distress.

1* GEORGII IV. Cap. x\xii.

XXII. And be it farther enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees within their respective Districts, their respective Farmers, Lessees, Tenants or Renters, or any other Person or Persons continued or to be appointed by virtue of this Act Collector or Collectors thereof, to demand and take at each and every Turnpike or Toll Gate continued or to be erected by virtue of this Act, and from the Owner or Owners of or Person or Persons using, leading, driving, or attending any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage of whatsoever Description herein-after enumerated, before any such Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage shall be permitted to pass through the same (subject to the Provisions and Restrictions herein-after contained), the following Sums or Tolls, or such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the following Sums or Tolls respectively, as the said Trustees within their respective Districts shall appoint and order; (that is to say)

For every Horse, Mule, Ass, Ox, or other Beast of Draught, drawing any Carriage, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mule, or Ass, laden or unladen, and not drawing, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, any Sum not exceeding One Shilling and Eight-pence per Score; and so in proportion for any greater or less Number: And,

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, any Sum not exceeding Ten-pence per Score; and so in proportion for any greater or less Number.

Which respective Sums of Money hereby authorized to be taken as aforesaid, shall be demanded and taken in the Name of or as Tolls, and shall be and are hereby vested in the Trustees for the said respective Districts of Roads whereon they shall respectively arise or be taken, and shall be applied as herein-after is directed; and if any Person subject or liable to the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall, after Demand thereof made, neglect or refuse to pay the same, or any Part or Parts thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons authorized and appointed to collect such Tolls, by himself, herself, or themselves, or taking such Assistance as he, she, or they shall think necessary, to seize and distrain any Horse, Beast, Cattle, Carriage, or other Thing, upon or in respect of which any such Toll is hereby imposed, together with their respective Bridles, Saddles, Gears, Harness or Accoutrements (except the Bridle or Reins of any Horse or other Beast, separate from the Horse or Beast), or any Carriage, in respect of the Horses or Cattle drawing the Carriage for which such Toll is imposed, or any of the Goods or Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay; and if the Toll or any Part thereof so neglected or refused to be paid, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Distress, shall not be paid within the Space of Five Days next after such Seizure and Distress made, the Person or Persons so seizing and distraining may sell the Horse, Beast, Cattle, Carriages or Things so seized and distrained, or a sufficient Part thereof, returning the overplus Money arising by such Sale (if any), and what shall remain unsold, upon Demand to the Owner thereof, after such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges occasioned by such Seizure, Distress, and Sale, shall be deducted.

1* GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons who shall have paid the Toll for passing through any Turnpike or Toll Gate already erected and by this Act continued, or to be erected by virtue hereof, upon and across or on the Side or Sides of any of the said Roads, shall be liable to the Payment of any further or other Toll for afterwards passing or repassing at any Time or Times through the same Turnpike or Toll Gate with the same Horses, Beast, Cattle or Carriage, on any one Day (such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night), such Person or Persons so having paid Toll producing a Note or Ticket denoting the Payment thereof and which Note or Ticket the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to deliver gratis on Receipt of the Toll.

XXIV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That the said Tolls shall be payable for or in respect of all Stage Coaches and other such publick Carriages, licensed or not licensed, for every Time of passing and repassing through the same Turnpike on the same Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night; and that the said Tolls shall be payable for or in respect of all Post Chaises, Hackney Coaches, and other Carriages travelling for Hire, for passing and repassing through the same Turnpike on the same Day, the Day to be computed as aforesaid, upon every Time of a new Hiring of such Post Chaises, Hackney Coaches or Carriages last-mentioned, on a Ticket being produced denoting a new Hiring.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Tolls by this Act granted, the Collector or Receiver thereof shall and he is hereby required to deliver gratis to the Person paying such Toll, a Note or Ticket denoting such Payment, and which Note or Ticket shall be provided by the said Trustees, and there shall be printed and specified thereon the Name or Names of the Gate or Gates freed by such Payment.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons who shall have paid the Toll for passing through any Turnpike or Gate erected or continued or to be erected under or by virtue of this Act on the Side or Sides of any of the said Roads, or across any Lane or Way leading into the same, shall not be liable to the Payment of any further or other Toll for afterwards passing, on the same Day, with the same Horses, Beasts, Cattle, or Carriage, through the next Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected across or on the Side of the same District of Road, such Person or Persons producing to the Collector of the Tolls thereat, such Ticket denoting previous Payment of Toll, as is herein-before directed to be given.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Disputes shall happen respecting the demanding or taking or the Payment of Toll, or the Amount of Toll due, or the Charges of keeping or selling any Distress, such Dispute or Disputes shall be heard and determined by some Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Cause of Dispute shall arise, who, upon Application made

to

799

Tolls to be paid but once a Day.

Coaches, Post Chaises, &c. to pay

of passing.

Tickets to be provided denoting Payment of Tolls.

Toll at Side Gate to clear the next Gate.

Disputes concerning Tolls to be settled by a Justice.

800

Additional Tolls on Carriages with narrow

Wheels, if drawn by Horses in

Tolls to be paid only once a Day

Waggons, &c. may be allowed Privileges and

l' GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii.

to him for that Purpose, shall examine the Matter on Oath of the Parties or their respective Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is hereby authorized and empowered to administer), and shall determine the Amount of the Toll due, and other Matters in Dispute between the Parties, and may also award such Costs to be paid by either Party to the other, as to such Justice shall seem just and reasonable; all which Costs, in case the same shall not be forthwith paid, shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so awarded or directed to pay the same, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant every such Justice is hereby empowered to issue), and the Overplus (if any) after Payment of such Costs, and the Costs of such Distress and Sale, shall be returned upon Demand, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and sold.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage for Goods, Wares, Timber, Stone, or other heavy Burthens, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth or Gauge than Nine Inches, shall be drawn upon any Part of the said Roads by Horses or other Beasts of Draught in Pairs (Carriages drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught only excepted), then and so often as the Case shall happen, there shall be paid for every Horse or other Beast of Draught drawing such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage (except as aforesaid), an additional Toll of One Penny for each Horse or other Beast of Draught, over and above and along with the other Tolls by this Act granted; and which said additional Tolls shall be and the same are hereby vested in the Trustees of the said respective Districts where such travelling shall happen, and the same and every Part thereof shall be collected, recovered, levied, paid, applied, let, assigned, varied, and disposed of in such and the same Manner, and by such Ways and Means, and with such Remedies for Nonpayment or Evasion thereof, and with such Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, and Restrictions as are in this Act contained with respect to the other Tolls hereby granted and made payable.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons who shall have paid the Toll for passing through any Turnpike or Toll Gate already erected, and by this Act continued or to be erected by virtue hereof, upon and across or on the Side or Sides of any of the said Roads, shall be liable to the Payment of any further or other Toll, for afterwards passing or repassing at any Time or Times through the same Turnpike or Toll Gate with the same Horses, Beasts, Cattle, or Carriage on any one Day (such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night), such Person or Persons so having paid Toll producing a Note or Ticket denoting the Payment thereof, and which Note or Ticket the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to deliver gratis on Receipt of the Toll.

XXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, within their respective Districts, to grant and allow to every Waggon, W ain, Cart, or other such Carriage, (in

7 respect

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii. 801

respect whereof, or of the Horses drawing the same, the Tolls hereby Exemptions granted are made payable), having the Wheels of the Width and £JnJ|dQb:3 Description, and the Axletrees fixed, as mentioned and set forth inAc J0 or by an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to enable the Trustees Of Turnpike Roads to abate the Tolls on Carriages, and to allow of their carrying extra Weight in certain Cases, the Privileges and Exemptions granted by the said Act in manner therein mentioned.

XXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall not Limiting the be lawful for the said Trustees of the said respective Districts of Road, Number of or their Lessee or Lessees, Collector or Collectors, to demand or take SJe^lm6 more than the respective Numbers of Tolls in the whole herein-after each Road, mentioned for or in respect of the same Horses, Cattle, or Carriages,

for passing in any One Day, (to be computed as aforesaid), along the whole Line or Lines of the said several Districts of Road as after mentioned; (that is to say), on the First District of Road, not more than Two full Tolls between the Town of Tetbury and the Churchway in Lower Stanton Field, nor more than One full Toll on the Branch of Road intended to be made Turnpike, leading from Kingway or Corston Bridge, through Hullavington to the Stanton and Grittleton Road; nor more than Two full Tolls between the Town of Malmesbury and Jackament's Bottom; on the Second District of Road, not more than Two full Tolls between the Towns of Furring don and Cricklade; Two full Tolls between the Towns of Cricklade and Malmesbury; Two full Tolls between the Towns of Malmesbury and Acton Turmlle; Two full Tolls on the Branch of Road leading through Shipton Moyne to Lasborough or to Underbridge; One full Toll on the Branch of Road from Charlton towards Newnton; and One full Toll on the Branch of Road leading from Sherstone to the Turnpike Road leading from Tetbury to Bath; and on the Doxvnend District of Road not more than Two full Tolls between the Villages of Acton Turuille and Doumend, comprizing the Whole of the said last-mentioned District.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees within To prevent their respective Districts shall and may cause Fences and Ditches ToUson°* to be erected and made in, upon, or over such Part or Parts of such commons, Commons, Common Fields, or Waste Lands, over or by the Sides &c. Fences whereof any Part or Parts of the said respective Roads do or shall maybe made, lead or pass, as they shall think necessary, in order to prevent Payment of Toll being evaded, not exceeding in Length Half a Mile on

either Side of any Turnpike Gate to be continued or erected by virtue of this Act; and if any Person or Persons shall pull down or otherwise displace or carry away any such Fence, or any Part thereof, or shall fill up or spoil any such Ditch, every such Person shall lor every such Offence forfeit and pay to the Trustees having the Care and Management thereof, or by whose Order such Fence or Ditch was erected or made, a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, over and above the Damages which shall be thereby occasioned.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Pena.by on shall ride, drive, go, or pass with any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Car-- XollaTS riage, through or over any Gate, private Passage, Land, Ground, or

' [Local.] 9 H Place,

802

1" GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii.

Place, lying by the Side of or near to any Part of the said Roads (except the Owner or Occupier of such Land or other Premises, or any of his, her, or their Family, Servant or Servants); or if any Person or Persons owning or occupying any Land, Ground, or Place situate as aforesaid (the same not being a public Highway or Road to or from some Parish Church, Mill, Market Town, or Village to Village) shall knowingly or wilfully permit or suffer any Person or Persons, not being of his, her, or their Family, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, to go or pass with any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage, through or over such Gate, private Passage, Land, Ground, or Place, in order or with Intent thereby to evade the Payment of the said Tolls, or any of them, or any Part thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or shall deliver to or receive from any other Person or Persons (except a Collector of the Tolls), any Note or Ticket of the Day by this Act directed to be given by the Collectors or Receivers of the said Tolls, or any Note or Writing purporting to be such, for the Purpose of evading the said Tolls or any of them, or shall forcibly or fraudulently pass through any Turnpike or Toll Gate with any Horse, Carriage, Cattle, or Beast without Payment of Toll, or shall take off or cause to be taken off any Horse, Beast, or Cattle from any Carriage, or after having passed through any Turnpike or Gate, shall put on an additional Horse or Beast to any such Carriage, or shall leave or cause to be left upon or near to the said Roads, any Horse, Cattle, Beast or Carriage, or shall unload or cause to be unladen any Goods, Merchandize, or Other Things from or out of any Carriage, with Intent to evade Payment of any of the said Tolls; or if any Person claiming any Exemption from the Payment of any of the Tolls hereby granted, shall refuse or decline, on Demand, to give his or her Name and Place of Residence to the Collector or Collectors of the Tolls at any Gate or Gates, at which such Exemption shall be claimed, or shall give a false Name or Place of Residence, all and every such Person or Persons so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall for each and every Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, over and besides such Damages or Punishment as he, she, or they shall be otherwise liable to by Law.

Exempting

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this the Royal Act shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with Tolls Xul?lIy from any Worses or Carriages attending His Majesty or any of the Royal 0’Family.

Exemption

XXXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Inha-froni Tol| *" bitant or Inhabitants of the Parishes of Coleshill or Buscot in the inhabitantsC County of Berks, for the Time being, shall pay any Toll for going or of Coleshill passing through any Gate or Turnpike already erected or to be at any and Buscot. Time hereafter erected, in, upon, or across the said Road in the said Parish of Coleshill, or in, upon, or across any Road or Way leading into the same from Buscot aforesaid, with any Sort of Coach, Hearse, Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, Horse or other Cattle whatsoever, belonging to any or either of the Inhabitants of Buscot or Coleshill respectively, in going from Coleshill to Buscot aforesaid, or elsewhere on the Road leading from Coleshill to Buscot aforesaid, or from Buscot to Coleshill only.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxh. 803

XXXVI. And be it further enacted and declared, That nothing Exemption herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge ^bkantTof any of the Inhabitants of the Parishes or Places of Acton Turville Acton Tur-and Tormarton aforesaid, or either of them, with any of the Tolls or ville and Duties hereby imposed or intended to be collected at any Gate or Tormarton. Gates erected or to be erected within the said Parishes or Places, or either of them, in respect to their passing and travelling on Horseback, or with Waggons, Wains, Carts or other Carriages, or any of their Cattle upon the said Road, from Acton Turville to Domiend aforesaid; but that the said Inhabitants shall be exempt within the said Parishes or Places of Acton Turville and Tormarton respectively, from the said Tolls and Duties and every of them; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Toll General shall be demanded or taken by virtue of this Act, of or from any ^om Tolls9 Person or Persons, for any Horse or Horses, or other Beast or Cattle, rom

Or for any Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to fetch, carry, or convey, or returning empty from or after having been used in the carrying or conveying only, on the same Day, any Stones, Bricks, Tiles, Timber,

Wood, Lime, Gravel, Mortar, or other Materials for making or repairing the said Roads, or any of the Roads within any Parish,

Township, Chapelry, Hamlet, Tything or Place, in which any Part of the said Roads lie, or for the building, rebuilding, erecting or repairing any present or any future Bridge or Bridges, or any Turnpike House, Toll Gate, Drock, Drain, Wall or Fence upon or on the Side of the said Roads, by or under the Order or Authority of the Trustees of the said Roads or any of them; or of or from any Surveyor or other Person or Persons when engaged in executing or travelling to execute the Powers of this Act, or employed in carrying or conveying any Seed for being immediately used in seeding the Ground, or any Hay, Grass, Sainfoign, Fodder, Rushes, Straw, or Corn or Pulse in the Straw only, or for any Turnips, Potatoes, Milk,

Furze, Heath, Turf, or Wood for the Use of the Owners, and not for Sale, or not sold or disposed ofj and not passing to such Owners on a previous Sale thereof to them, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Houses, Out-houses, Barns or Yards, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof, or for the Use of the Owners thereof, or for any Horse, Beast, or other Cattle or Carriage employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to fetch, carry, or convey, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, any Ploughs, Drags, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry (unless laden also with some other Thing not hereby exempted from Toll), or any Mould, Dung, Soil,

Marl, Manure, or Compost employed in Husbandly for manuring or improving of Lands or Gardens (provided the Wheels of such Carriages, except Carts with Materials for the Repair of Highways and Bridges, are of the Breadth of Six Inches or upwards, and cylindrical, as described in the said Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, and not otherwise); or for any Horses or other Beasts going to or returning from Plough or Harrow, or to or from Pasture or any common Watering Place not beyond the Distance of Two Miles, or going to be or returning from being shoed

or

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii.

or famed; and that no Toll shall be demanded or taken by virtue of this Act, of or from any Person or Persons residing in any Parish, Township, Hamlet, Tithing or Place in which any of the said Roads lie, going to or returning [from his, her, or their proper Parochial Church or Chapel, or from any Person or Persons going to or returning from his, her, or their usual Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, on Sundays, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is by Authority ordered to be celebrated, or going to or returning from attending the Funeral of any Person who shall die, and be or to be buried in any such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Tithing or Place, at any Gate or Gates situate within the Distance of Two Miles of the Residence of such deceased Person or Persons; or from any Rector, Vicar, or Curate, going to or returning from his owni proper Parish Church, or Chapel, or going to visit or returning from visiting any sick Person, or on other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty, and not for Pleasure, or on any other or ordinary Business; or for any Horse, Beast, Cattle or Carriage, which shall cross the said Roads only, or shall not pass more than One hundred Yards thereon y or for any Horses or Carriages of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the same; or for the Horse or Horses of any Officers or Soldiers on their March or on Duty; or lor any Horse or Horses or other Beast, or any Cart, Carriage, or Waggon employed in carrying or conveying, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, after having been employed only in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or employed in carrying or conveying, or returning empty from having been employed only in carrying or conveying, any sick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers; or for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, or the Horse or Horses, or other Cattle drawing the same, employed in conveying any Ordnance, or Barrack, or Commissariat, or other Public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, or returning empty after having been so employed; or for any Carriage conveying Volunteer Infantry; or for any Horse furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry or Infantry, and rode by him in going to or returning from any Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, Inspection, or Review, or on other public Duty, provided that such Person shall be dressed in the Uniform of his Corps, and shall have his Arms* Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations of such Corps at the Time of claiming the Exemption; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons employed only in carrying or conveying any Vagrant or Vagrants sent by legal Passes, or returning empty after having been so employed; or for any Horse or Horses, Coaches or other Carriages, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire, to serve in Parliament for the Counties of Wilts, Berks, and Gloucester., or of a Burgess or Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade and Hundreds of High-Worth Crieklade, Stable Kingsbridge and Malmesbury, in the said County of Wilts, during the Time of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after the Day whereon such Election shall begin Of it be

805

P GEORGII IV. G*p.xxxii.

be concluded; and if any Person shall/by any fraudulent or collusive Means whatsoever, claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the same, every such Person shall for every such Ostence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and in all Cases the Proof of Exemption shall be upon the Person claiming the same.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or driving, or causing to be driven any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage provided for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or conveying any Ordnance, or Barrack, or Commissariat, or other Public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, shall be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture for Overweight; nor shall any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or the Horse or Horses drawing the same, while so employed, be stopped or detained by reason of any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen; but it shall be lawful for the Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, to put any Number of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in this Act contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, within their respective Districts, with the Consent in Writing of Four Parts in Five in Value of the Creditors upon the Tolls of such respective Districts, and they are hereby empowered to reduce or lessen all or any of the Tolls by this Act granted, and to take the Tolls so reduced for such Time or Times as they the said Trustees (with such Consent), shall think proper, and from Time to Time afterwards to advance all or any of the Tolls so reduced or lessened, to any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the respective Tolls granted by this Act, or now made payable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force and effect with respect to Overweight; and also from Time to Time to direct the Tolls hereby granted, or so reduced or raised again as aforesaid, to be collected in such Parts or Proportions, at the several Turnpike Gates erected or to be erected upon the said Roads, within their respective Districts, as they the Trustees of the same Districts respectively shall think proper; and that such reduced Tolls, or again raised Tolls, and also such Parts or Proportions as aforesaid, shall and may be collected and levied, and applied in such and the same Manner as the Tolls hereby granted are directed to be collected, levied, and applied.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees within their said respective Districts may, and are hereby empowered from Time to Time, when and as they shall think fit, to compound and agree for any Term not exceeding Three Years at any one Time, with any Person or Persons, for any Carriages, Horses, Beasts, or Cattle travelling on the said Roads or any Part thereof in their respective Districts, for all or any of the Tolls to be paid for or in respect of such Carriages, Horses, Beasts, or Cattle, to be applied as the Tolls in respect whereof such Composition shall be made are [Local.] 9 S directed

Exempting Carriages conveying the King’s Stores, &c. from Penalties for Overweight.

Power to reduce Tolls.

Trustees

pound for Tolls.

806

Trustees may let the Tolls.

Lessees, or Persons appointed by them, may collect the Tolls.

Penalty on Reuters, t taking

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xKxii.

directed to be applied; but all such Composition Money shall be paid in advance, and in default thereof, the Agreement for making such Composition shall be void.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, within their respective Districts, (upon Ten Days Notice thereof to be given in Writing, by affixing the same upon all the Principal Gates or Turnpikes then erected upon or across the said Roads within the same Districts respectively), from Time to Time to let, or lease and demise, or agree to let and demise the Tolls by this Act granted, and arising within the said Districts respectively, or any of them, or any Part or Parts of such Tolls, for any Term not exceeding Three Years at a Time, for the best Price that upon public Bidding, or upon Tender, can be had or gotten for the same, payable at such Times, to such Person or Persons, under such Conditions and Agreements, and with such Surety or Sureties for the Payment thereof, and in such Manner as the said Trustees for such Districts respectively shall think fit; and the Money arising thereby shall be applied in such Manner as the Tolls so let or leased are under this Act directed to be applied; any thing in any other Law or Statute to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That during such Time as the Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof by this Act granted, shall be leased, demised, or let to any Person or Persons whomsoever, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers thereof, or such other Person or Persons as he or they shall for that Purpose authorize or appoint to demand and take the said Tolls so leased, demised, let or farmed, with the like Powers for Recovery thereof, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as any Collector of the said Tolls continued as aforesaid, or appointed by the said Trustees or any of them, is by this Act authorized and empowered to demand, take, and recover the same; and such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall be subject to the Regulations of this Act, and to the like Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and shall be liable to the like Actions and Prosecutions for Misconduct, as any Collector of the said Tolls, continued as aforesaid, or appointed by the said Trustees, or any of them, is subject or liable to.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Lessee, Farmer, Renter, or Collector of the said Tolls shall demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken from any Person or Persons, any Toll not authorized by this Act to be taken, or a greater or less Toll than what is authorized to be taken by or under this Act, or by or under any Order of the Trustees within their respective Districts, made under the Powers of this Act, such Lessee, Farmer, or Renter shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and also his Contract for renting the Tolls, if the said Trustees for such District shall think fit to vacate the same; and every such Collector, not being the Lessee, Fanner, or Renter, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, such Forfeitures respectively to be recovered in Manner herein-after mentioned.

P GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii. 807

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Toll Col- For prevent-lector or Collectors, being Lessee or Lessees, or Farmer or Farmers of the said Tolls, or appointed either under this Act or by the raisbehav* Trustees for executing the same, or by any such Lessee or Lessees, fag, &c. Farmer or Farmers, to collect the Tolls payable at any Turnpike or Toll Gate to be continued or erected by virtue of this Act, shall and he or she is hereby required to place his or her Christian and Surname painted on a Board in legible Characters at the Front, or on some other conspicuous Part of the Toll House or Toll Gate, immediately upon his or her coming on Duty, each of the Letters of such Name or Names to be at least Two Inches in Length or Height, and of a Breadth in proportion, and painted either in White Letters on a Black Ground, or Black Letters on a White Ground j and shall continue the same so placed, during the whole Time he or she shall be upon such Duty; and if any Collector of the same Tolls shall not place such Board as aforesaid, and keep the same there during the Time aforesaid, or shall refuse to permit or suffer, or shall in anyways hinder any Person or Persons from reading the same, on having paid the said Tolls, or any of them there payable, or shall, in answer to any Demand, refuse to disclose or tell his or her Name or Names, or shall give a false Name or Names, or shall refuse or neglect to give a Ticket, denoting the Payment of the Toll, and naming and specifying the several Gates (if any) which shall be freed by such Payment, or shall unnecessarily detain, or upon the legal Toll being paid or tendered, shall wilfully obstruct, hinder, or prevent any Passenger, Horse, Beast, Carriage, or Cattle from passing through any Turnpike or Toil Gate, or shall make use of any scurrilous, abusive, or blasphemous Language to any Passenger or Passengers, then and in every such Case, every such Toll Collector, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence, as the Justice or Justices before whom the Information shall be laid shall adjudge, and such Penalty shall be recovered and applied as other Penalties are by this Act directed to be recovered and applied:

Provided also, that if any Person or Persons shall at any Time wilfully break in Pieces, tear down, obliterate or destroy the Board, or Name or Names of any such Collector as aforesaid thereon painted or written, or shall assault, obstruct, hinder, or molest any Collector, or any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons who shall be, by or under the Order or Authority of the Trustees, employed on the said Roads, or any of them, in the Execution of this Act, in the Performance of his Duty, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That in case all or any of the Tolls arising by virtue of this Act shall be demised or let to farm to any Person or Persons in any Manner whatsoever, and the Lessee or Less*ees, Farmer or Farmers thereof, shall neglect or refuse to perform the Terms and Conditions on which the same shall be so demised or let; or in case the Rent or Rents agreed to be paid by such Lessee or Lessees, Fanner or Farmers, shall be in Arrear for the Space of Fourteen Days next after any of the Days on which the same ought to be paid, pursuant to the parol or other Agreement for demising or letting thereof; or in case such Lease or Agreement shall in any other Manner or for any other Cause become void, then

and

Penalty on obstructing Collectors.

Enabling Trustees to

take Possession of Toll Houses, in case of the Non-performance of the Terms of the Lease.

808

Present Leases to continue in

and Persons owing Money under the former Act, to remain liable, and all Contracts, &c. available.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii.

and in either of such Cases it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where the Toll Gate or Toll House shall be situate, and he is hereby required, upon Application made to him by the said Trustees of the District, or their Clerk, Treasurer, or Surveyor, or by any other Person authorized by Writing under their Hands, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter upon and take Possession of any or every such Toll House or Toll Houses, Toll Gate, Bar, Chain, or Weighing Engine, and the Buildings, Gates, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, and to remove and put out such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers of the Tolls arising thereat respectively, from the Possession thereof, and from the Collection of such Tolls, and to give to the said Trustees of the same District or Districts respectively, or any Person acting by or under their Authority, Possession thereof; and that thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Trustees (if they shall think fit), to vacate and determine the Demise of the said Tolls, or the Contract or Agreement for demising or letting the said Tolls to such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, and the same shall be utterly void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever (save only as to the Obligations, Covenants, or Agreements for Payment of the Rent or Rents thereby reserved, or other unperformed or broken Obligations, Covenants, or Agreements on the Lessee’s Part) as if such Demise or Agreement had never been made, and in that case, or in case the Lease or Agreement shall otherwise become void, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees of such District or Districts respectively, in every such Case, to demise or let to farm the said Tolls, Toll Houses, Gates, and Appurtenances again to any other Person or Persons, or cause the said Tolls to be collected in such and the same Manner as if no former Demise, Contract, or Agreement had been made relative thereto.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That all Demises or Leases and Contracts, Covenants and Agreements, for demising or letting the the Tolls arising on the said Roads, or any or either of them, which shall be in Existence at the Time of passing this Act, shall respectively continue in force until the Time when by the Terms and Conditions thereof, the same will be run out and determined, and the respective Lessees and Farmers thereof shall in the meantime be entitled to collect and receive the Tolls by this Act imposed and made payable at the several Turnpikes, as fully and effectually as if the said former Act had not been repealed, or the Term thereof expired; and all and every Person and Persons who under or by virtue of such Demises or Leases, Contracts, Covenants or Agreements for Arrears of Rent, or otherwise, shall owe any Sum or Sums of Money to the said Trustees of the said respective Districts or any of them, or to any Person or Persons for the Benefit of such Trustees, or of any of the Roads by the recited Act hereby repealed, directed to be kept in Repair, shall notwithstanding such Repeal of the said Act herein-before contained, be liable to the Payment of, and shall pay all such Sum or Sums of Money to the Trustees hereby appointed; and all Bonds, Covenants, Agreements, and Securities, made or entered into by any Person or Persons, to or with any of the Trustees for executing the said former Act, according to the Provisions and Directions of the same Act,

shall

809

T GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii.

shall remain in full force and effect, and be and continue available in all Courts of Law and Equity, until the same are fully satisfied and performed, on account of the Trustees and for the Benefit of the Roads under this Act; and all Contracts, Covenants, Agreements,

Demises, Leases, Mortgages, and Securities, duly made or entered into by the Trustees for executing the said former Act hereby repealed, or continued in force thereby, to or with any Person or Persons, shall remain in full force and effect, and shall be binding on the Trustees under this Act, and be observed and kept by them, according to the Terms or Stipulations and Tenor thereof respectively.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Weighing Trustees of the said respective Districts, at a Public Meeting, to let Engines, to farm, either together with or without the Tolls by this Act authorized to be taken, the additional Toll or Duty granted anu made payable by virtue of an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the General Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes, for every One hundred Weight of One hundred and twelve Pounds to the Hundred, which any Waggon, Cart or Carriage, together with the Loading thereof, shall weigh at any of the Weighing Engines now or hereafter to be erected on any of the said Roads over and above the Weights allowed by Law; provided that the said additional Tolls or Duties be let in the same Manner as the Tolls arising at the said Gates or Turnpikes are by this Act directed or prescribed to be let.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Forborrow-the said Trustees within their respective Districts to borrow and take inS Money, up at Interest, upon the Credit of the Tolls arising by virtue of this Act, at all or any of the Gates erected or to be erected within such their respective Districts, such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think fit and necessary for the Purpose of carrying the Powers and Authorities in them by this Act granted into complete Execution and Effect; and they may and are hereby empowered, by Writing under their Hands, to demise or mortgage the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, and the Turnpikes and Toll Houses, with their Appurtenances for collecting the same (the Costs and Charges of which Mortgages shall be paid out of such Tolls), as a Security or Securities to any Person or Persons, or his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, who shall advance and lend any such Sum or Sums of Money; and also, that it shall be lawful for the Trustees appointed for the said Downend District of Road in like Manner to demise or mortgage the Tolls arising on the said last-mentioned District, as a Security or Securities for the Monies already borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls to arise on the same District exclusively, and for all Monies laid out and expended, or Debts otherwise incurred in or towards the forming, making or improving of the said last-mentioned District of Road, and which said Mortgages may be in the following Form of Words, or Words to the like Effect; (that is to say),

810

Form of Mortgage.

Mortgages may be assigned.

Form of Transfer in certain

1 GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii.

‘ T>Y virtue of an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act, , fyc. c. [here

* insert the Title of this Act], we, Five of the Trustees acting in and for the District of Roads comprized in the said Act, in consideration of the Sum of Pounds to the

4 Treasurer of the said Roads in hand paid by A.B. of

4 do grant, bargain, sell, and demise unto the said

* Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion

* of the Tolls arising at the several Turnpikes or Toll Gates erected c or hereafter to be erected upon or on the Sides of the Roads within the said District, and of the Turnpikes and Toll Houses, with their

* Appurtenances for collecting the same, as the said Sum of

‘ doth or shall bear to the whole Sum which is or shall be due and owing on the Credit thereof, or charged upon the

* Term of the said Act; to be had and holden from the

* Day of for and during the Continuance of the said Act, unless the said Sum of with

* Interest at the Rate of Pounds per Centum per Annum shall be sooner paid and satisfied. In Witness whereof, we have here-

* unto subscribed our Hands, this Day of

4 in the Year of our Lord /

Copies of all which Mortgages shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by and in the Custody of the Clerk or Treasurer to the Trustees for the said Districts respectively; and all Persons to whom any Mortgage shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may from Time to Time transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, Interest or Benefit in or to such Mortgage, and the Principal and Interest Money thereby secured, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by a separate Instrument, or by Indorsement on such Security, in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

I A.B. do hereby transfer the within Mortgage \jf by Indorsement; or, if by a separate Instrument] a certain Mortgage, bearing

* Date the Day of of the Tolls arising at the several Turnpikes or Toll Gates erected or to be erected upon or

f on the Sides of the Roads within the District, directed to be made, amended, widened, varied, altered and kept in Repair by virtue of an Act of Parliament passed in the First Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act,

4 [here insert the Title of this Act], by the Trustees of the said District to made, with the Turnpikes, Toll Houses and Appurtenances thereto belonging, and all my Right and Title

* in and to the Principal Money thereby secured, and all Interest now due and henceforth to grow due upon the same, unto

* of his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. As witness

* my Hand, this Day of.

Which Transfer shall be produced and notified to the Clerk or Treasurer to the Trustees of that District within Thirty Days after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial thereof, containing the Numbers of the Securities, and the Dates, Names, and

6 Additions

811

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii.

Additions of the Parties, and the Sums of Money therein mentioned to be assigned or transferred, to be made in the Book or Books kept for entering the said original Mortgages, for -which such Clerk or Treasurer shall be paid such Sum as the said Trustees shall appoint, not exceeding Five Shillings, by the Person or Persons to whom such respective Transfer shall be made; and after such Entry made (but not till then), every such Transfer shall entitle such Assignee or Assignees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon; and such Assignee may in like Manner transfer the same again, and so to ties quoties.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing No Money to herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize be borrowed or empower the Trustees of or for the First and Second Districts of on t, ie Flj‘st Road, or either of them, to borrow or take up at Interest any Sum Jj; g or Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls arising within those except for Districts respectively, for the Purpose of making or repairing the paying the additional Branch of Road to the said First District, or the several ^P^es of Variations of Road in the Second District herein-before particularly w; thout the mentioned and described, or any of them, or any Part or Parts Mortgagees thereof respectively, nor for any other the Purposes of this Act, (save Consent, and except only for the Purpose of paying and defraying the Costs,

Charges, and Expences of the applying for and obtaining and passing this Act), without the Consent in Writing of the several Persons at that Time entitled to three Parts in Four, in Value of the whole Sum then due and owing on Mortgage of the Tolls within such Districts respectively.

L. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Money Securities shall be borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls upon any Part of the may be exe-said Roads by this Act continued or made Turnpike (save and except only for the Purpose aforesaid), unless Notice of the Trustees; na. Gf tj, e Intention to do the same shall be affixed in Writing at all the prin- Trustees, cipal Turnpikes or Toll Gates then erected upon or across the RJ«r Notice respective Districts of Road, for the Benefit of which the same ? _orrow" shall be proposed, at least Twenty-one Days before the borrowing thereof j but Securities for such Monies then borrowed or agreed to be advanced, or any of them, may be executed by the Trustees of such District at any subsequent or future Meeting than the Meeting or Meetings at which the same shall be so borrowed or agreed to be lent, if it shall be found requisite or more convenient; but no Interest thereon shall commence, except only from the Time j, ut interest or respective Times of Advancement thereof, and actual Payment to commence of such Principal Money, to the Treasurer for the Time being, or only on ac-other Person or Persons appointed by the said Trustees to receive ‘"atJ^a^.ent the same; and the said Trustees within their respective Districts, cjpai to may, if they shall so think fit, and shall, if thereunto required by the Treasurer, present Mortgagees or Creditors, or any of them, call in, take up, &c-receive, and cancel, or otherwise destroy all or any of the Mortgages Trustees or Assignments now standing out, that were made or continued in maX cancel force by virtue of the said former Act hereby repealed, and give or ^Securities execute another or others for the respective Sums thereby secured 0nesf C "eW

812

1* GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii.

or thereupon then due or owing, in Manner and transferable as above-mentioned, instead and in lieu thereof respectively.

No Priority

LI. And be it further enacted, That no Preference shall be given of Mortga- ^o any person or Persons who hath or have heretofore advanced, or ges' been Mortgagees or Creditors for any Sum or Sums of Money on the Credit of the former Act hereby repealed, or who shall hereafter advance any Sum or Sums of Money on the Credit of this Act, his, her, or their Assignee or Assigns in respect to the Priority of the advancing such Sum or Sums of Money, or the Date or Dates of any such Mortgage or Security; but that as well all Persons to whom any such Mortgages or Securities have already been made or given, as those to whom any such shall hereafter be made or given, his, her, and their Assignee and Assigns shall (in proportion to the Sum or Sums therein mentioned), be Creditors on the Tolls within Separate Ac- their respective Districts, in equal Degree one with another: Provided counts to be always, that separate Accounts shall be kept of the Tolls which each District ^e colleseted on each of the respective Three Districts of Road,

and of the Monies borrowed on the Credit thereof, which shall be paid and applied to the repairing, amending, varying, altering, widening, and improving the Roads within such respective Districts only, and for executing the other necessary Purposes of this Act relating thereto, except as is herein-after mentioned.

Ejectment

LII. And be it further enacted, That if any Mortgagee or Mort-"rtedbUone &*8ees sa^ Tolls, Toll Gates, Bars, Chains, Toll Houses,

Slortgrigee"6 and Buildings, shall seek to obtain the Possession of such Tolls, Toll alone, hut Gates, Bars, Chains, Toll Houses, or Buildings, in order to pay without Pro- himself, herself, or themselves the Principal Money and Interest, or rest'06 t0thC any ^art thereof due to him, her, or them, it shall be competent for him, her, or them, as Lessor or Lessors of the Plaintiff, and upon his, her, or their Demise only, without uniting in such Demise the other Mortgagees of the said Tolls and Premises, to obtain such Possession; but such Person or Persons who shall so obtain the Possession thereof shall not apply the Tolls which may consequently be received by him, her, or them to his, her, or their own exclusive Use and Benefit, but to and for the Use and Benefit of all the Mortgagees of the said Premises, pari passu, and in proportion to the several Sums which shall be then due to them as such Mortgagees.

Application

LIII. And be it further enacted, That as well the Tolls and all of the Tolls other Monies to be collected and received by virtue of this Act aa<beb°nieS w^kin the said First District of Road, as also all the Monies which rowed o°n"the at the Time of the passing of this Act shall have been raised or first Dis- produced under the said former Act hereby repealed, within the trict. same Districts, and shall be then undisposed of, and also all the

Monies which by or under the Authority in this Act herein-before contained shall be borrowed and taken up at Interest on the Credit thereof, shall be by the Trustees, within the District aforesaid, paid, applied, and disposed of as herein-after mentioned; (that is to say), in the first Place, in paying and defraying one equal Moiety or Half Part of all the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, then in paying the necessary

Expences

813

i° GEORGII IV. Ca/j.xxxii.

Expences of maintaining and keeping in Repair the said District of Road, and in paying and keeping down the Interest of all such Sums of Money as are or shall be borrowed and taken up at Interest upon the Credit of the Tolls of the same District; in the next Place, in making and completing the additional Branch of Road within the said District, and in the widening, shortening, varying, altering, amending, and improving such Part or Parts of the Roads lying within the said District as the Trustees of the same District shall from Time to Time deem necessary; and lastly, in paying off and discharging the Principal Monies already borrowed or raised under or by virtue of the said former Act hereby repealed, or to be by them the said Trustees within the said District borrowed or raised under or by virtue of this Act.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That as well the Tolls and all Application other Monies to be collected and received by virtue of this Act of the Tolls within the Second District of Road, as also all the Monies which at the Time of the passing of this Act shall have been raised or produced ^Wgd ^’the under the said former Act hereby repealed, within the same District, Second Disand shall be then undisposed of, and also all the Monies which by trict. or under the Authority in this Act herein-bef'ore contained, shall be borrowed and taken up at Interest on the Credit thereof, shall be by the Trustees within the District aforesaid paid, applied, and disposed of as herein-after mentioned; (that is to say), in the first Place, in paying and defraying one ecpial Moiety or Half Part of all the Costs,

Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, then in paying the necessary Expences of making and keeping in Repair the said District of Road, and in paying* and keeping down the Interest of all such Sums of Money as are or shall be borrowed and taken up at Interest upon the Credit of the Tolls of the same District; in the next Place, in making and completing the several Variations of Road within the said District as are herein-, before particularly mentioned, and in the widening, shortening, varying, altering, amending, and improving such Part or Parts of the Roads lying within the said District as the Trustees of the same District shall from Time to Time deem necessary; and lastly, in paying off and discharging the Principal Monies already borrowed or raised under or by virtue of the said former Act hereby repealed, or to be by them the said Trustees within the said District borrowed or raised under or by virtue of this Act.

LV. And be it further enacted, That as well the Tolls and all Application other Monies to be collected and received by virtue of this Act of the T?11* within the Downend District of Road, as also all the Monies which ^b°0nrles at the Time of the passing of this Act shall have been raised or rowed on the produced under the said former Act hereby repealed within the Downend same District, and shall be then undisposed of, and also all the District* Monies which by or under the Authority in this Act herein-before contained, shall be borrowed and taken up at Interest on the Credit thereof shall be by the Trustees within the District aforesaid, paid, applied, and disposed of as herein-after mentioned; (that is to say), in the first Place, in paying the necessary Expences of completing and finishing the said Downend District of Road, then in paying and £Local.] 9 t) keeping

814 l° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii.

keeping down the Interest of all such Sums of Money as are or shall be borrowed and taken up at Interest upon the Credit of the Tolls of the same District, and then in the widening, shortening, varying, altering, amending, and improving such Part or Parts of the several Roads lying within the said District, as the Trustees of the same District shall from Time to Time deem necessary; and lastly, in paying off and discharging the Principal Monies already borrowed or raised under or by virtue of the said former Act hereby repealed, or to be by them the said Trustees within the said District borrowed or raised under or by virtue of this Act.

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever it shall appear to the Trustees of the said respective Districts of Road, that there is in the Hands of their respective Treasurer or Treasurers, any Balance or Sum of Money, over and above the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, not wanting for the Repair or Improvement of the said Roads, or for the paying of Interest to any or the Creditors of the same Districts respectively, or to be kept in reserve towards the Expence of any future Renewal of this Act, then and so often it shall be lawful for the said Trustees of the said respective Districts, and they are hereby authorized and required to apply the same, or such Part thereof as can be spared, in paying off or reducing the Debt of the Road whereon such Surplus shall arise, or such Portion thereof, and so far as the same will thereto extend; and in case the Mortgagees or Creditors upon such District or Districts of Road, shall not consent and agree to the paying of such Surplus to any one or more of them, in preference to and in exclusion of the other or others of them, or by Lot, but be all equally alike desirous of receiving their respective Quotas thereof, then and in such Case the said surplus Money shall be paid and divided to and amongst them the said Mortgagees and Creditors of the same District or Districts respectively, by an equal Percentage, in proportion to and according to the Amount of their respective Debts.

p LVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons

oTsubJcrip" hath or have agreed to subscribe or hereafter shall subscribe or tions. agree to subscribe any Money towards the making, amending, widening, altering, or improving the said Roads hereby made or continued, or intended to be made Turnpike, or any or either of them, or for carrying this Act into Execution, all and every such Persons and Person, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators shall, after Thirty Days previous Notice in Writing under the Hand or Hands of the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees of the said Districts of Road respectively, whereupon the same shall be so agreed to be advanced for that Purpose to him, her, or them given, or left at his, her, or their Dwelling House or usual Place of Abode, and he, she, and they is and are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums of Money so subscribed or agreed to be subscribed, within such Time or Times, at such Place or Places, and in such Parts and Proportions as the said Trustees of such District or Districts respectively shall order and direct, and the same shall be paid to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall by any Writing under their Hands authorize to receive the same; and if any Person or Persons shall 9 neglect

Whenever there is any Surplus above 2001. in the Treasurer’s Hands, not wanted for Repair of the Roads, it may be applied in discharge of

815

P GEORGII IV. C&p.xxxii.

neglect or refuse to pay the Money so by him, her, or them agreed to be subscribed, or such Part thereof as shall be required by such Notice as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to sue for and recover the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, or Suit, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and after Proof of such Persons or Person having so subscribed or agreed to subscribe, and that such Notice was given as aforesaid, such Persons or Person, their, his, or her Executors or Administrators, shall pay or be compelled to pay such Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, together with full Costs of Suit.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Roads to bt to and for the said Trustees of the said several Districts of Road widened, herein-before comprized and described, from Time to Time to widen, jje"d*ejn divert, turn, shorten, vary, alter, and improve the Line, Course, or v Path of any Part or Parts of the aforesaid present Turnpike Roads herein-before mentioned* or of any of them, in such Manner as they the said Trustees within their respective Districts shall think fit, upon, through, or over any Private Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, and also to widen, divert* turn, shorten, vary, or alter the Line, Course, or Path of the aforesaid old Roads by this Act intended to be made Turnpike, or of any of them, in such Manner as they the said Trustees shall think fit, upon, through, or over any of the Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments comprized in the Schedule to this Act annexed, making or tendering Satisfaction as herein-after mentioned; and also to make the aforesaid new Piece of Road through Hullavington additionally to the First District, and the several Variations of Road in the Second District, upon, through, or over any Private Lands, Grounds* or Hereditaments comprized in the said Schedule hereunto annexed; and also for such Purposes to take and pull down the Dwelling Houses and other Buildings, with their Appurtenances, also comprized in the said Schedule, subject to such Provisions or Directions, and making such Satisfaction as are hereinafter mentioned; and also to widen, divert, turn, vary, alter, and make the same several Roads, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, upon, through, or over any Commons or Waste Grounds, without making any Satisfaction for such Commons or Waste Grounds, or the Parts taken therefrom; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees within their respective Districts, and for their respective Surveyor or Surveyors, and Workmen, with or without Carriages or Cattle, from Time to Time to enter upon any such Private Lands, Grounds, Hereditaments, and Premises as aforesaid, through which or whereupon the said Roads, additional Branch of Road, Deviations, Alterations, Widenirigs, and Improvements pass or are intended to pass, and to stake out or otherwise mark and make the same, or any of them, in such Manner as the said Trustees of the said respective Districts shall think necessary or proper,

Without being liable or subject to be dfeemed a Trespasser or Trespassers* or to any Fine, Penalty, or Punishment for entering or continuing upon any Part or Parts of such Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments respectively, for any of the Purposes of this Act, making or tendering Satisfaction to the Owners thereof, and Persons

interested

816

Restraining the Trustees from deviating from the Plans deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for Wilts, further than 100 Yards.

Lands tnark-

Plan may be

withstanding any Error in the Referen-

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii.

interested therein, for the Damage they may thereby sustain; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully pull up, remove, or destroy any of the Stakes or other Marks used in laying out or making, widening, diverting, turning, shortening, varying, altering, or improving such Roads, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings; provided that the said Trustees shall not be hereby empowered to make the said Roads of a greater Width than Forty Feet.

LIX. And whereas Maps or Plans, describing the Lines of the several Roads by this Act intended to be made or altered, and of the Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises through or over which the same are to be carried or made, together with a Reference thereon in Writing, containing a List of the Names of the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises, have been deposited at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Wilts, in which the same do all lie; be it therefore further enacted, That the said Maps or Plans and References shall remain in the Custody of the said Clerk of the Peace, to the End that all Persons may at any reasonable Time or Times have Liberty to inspect and peruse the same, and to take Copies or Extracts thereof at their Will and Pleasure, paying to the Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection, and at the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words of such Copies or Extracts of any such Map or Plan and Reference; and that the said Trustees of the several Districts to which the same relate, in making the Roads or Alterations of Roads described in such Maps or Plans, or any of them, shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards of Three Feet each from the Lines described in such Map or Plan, without the Consent and Approbation in Writing, first had and obtained, of the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, through whose Lands or Premises such new Roads, or Branches of Road, and Deviation or Deviations shall be made.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to make the said Roads, and Alterations of Roads, or any of them, into, through, across, or over the several Lands, Hereditaments, or Premises of any Person or Persons who is or are or may be Owner or Owners, or Occupier or Occupiers of Land or Premises over which the same are set out and described in the said Maps or Plans as aforesaid, and to take down the Houses, Buildings, and Erections, with their Appurtenance., and to take and use the Sites of Ground thereof, Lands, and Premises described in the Schedule to this Act, although the Name or Names of the Owner or Owners, or Occupier or Occupiers thereof may happen to be omitted or mis-stated in the said Lists of Reference or Schedule to this Act, or any or either of them, in case of any Mistake or Omission in the said Schedule it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where the Land or Premises shall be situate, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error or Omission proceeded from Mistake only.

P GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii. 817

LXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Powers and Authorities hereby given for diverting, making, altering, and taking down improving the said Roads, shall not extend or be construed to extend Dwelling to authorize or empower the said Trustees, or any of them, to take Houses or or pull down any Dwelling House or other Building, or to take in or Building make use of any Orchard, Garden, Yard, Paddock, Park, planted edin thV°n Walk, or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground planted as Schedule. Ornament or Shelter to a House, or planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, or any Part thereof respectively, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Proprietor thereof first had and obtained, other than and except such Dwelling Houses or other Buildings and Premises as are described or comprized in the Schedule to this Act annexed.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees of the said respective Districts to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any Houses, Buildings. Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, with their Appurtenances, which they shall deem necessary to purchase for the Purpose of making, widening, diverting, altering, and improving the said Roads, or any of them, within their said respective Districts, and also for making all necessary Fences on the Sides of the said Roads, and for the Erection of Toll Houses, with Garden Plots thereto, not exceeding One-eighth Part of an Acre to each Toll House, for the Purchase thereof, and for the Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons may otherwise sustain; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Tail, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees in Trust, Committees, Executors, Administrators, and all other Trustees whatsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on behalf of the Person or Persons entitled in Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy after them, and for and on behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Femes Covert, Infants, or Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised of or interested in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who are or shall be possessed of or interested in any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments or Premises, or who shall sustain any Damage as aforesaid, to contract with the said Trustees for the Sale thereof, or for the Satisfaction to be made for the same, or for such Damages as aforesaid, and by Conveyance, Lease and Release, or Bargain and Sale, to sell and convey unto the said Trustees of the said Districts respectively, all or any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Premises, or any Part thereof, for the Purposes aforesaid; and all Contracts, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made, shall be good, valid, and affectual to all Intents and Purposes, without Fine or Recovery, and shall be a complete Bar to all Estates Tail, and other Estates, Rights, Titles, Trusts, and Interests whatsoever, any Law, Statute, Usage, Custom, or other Matter to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Tail, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees, Committees, Executors, Admi-[Local, ~] 9 X nistrators,

Trustees may purchase Lands, &c. for mak-

818

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii.

nistrators, and all other Persons, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they or any of them shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

When Per-

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Bodies Politic, est^d ritelect Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for or refuse8to Life or in Tail, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees, Committees, treat, Executors, Administrators, or any other Person or Persons interested in

any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments or Premises, or sustaining any Damage as aforesaid, upon Notice to him, her, .-or them given, or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Principal Officer or Officers of any such Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Tail, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession/ of any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Premises* shall for the Space of Thirty Days next after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case the said Trustees of such District or Districts respectively, shall cause such Damage, Value, or Recompence to be inquired into and ascertained by a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the County or Place wherein sach Houses, Buildings, Lands, the Damages Tenements, Hereditaments, or Premises do lie; and in order thereto, be ascertain- the Trustees are hereby empowered and required from Time to ed bya" Jury. Time, as Occasion shall require, to summon and call before such Jury and examine upon Oath all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who shall be thought necessary and proper to be examined concerning the Premises (which Oath the said Trustees or any or either of them are and is hereby empowered to administer); and such Trustees shall, by ordering a View or otherwise, use all lawful Ways and Means as well for their own as for the said Jury’s Information in the Premises; and after the said Jury shall have inquired of and assessed such Damage and Recompence, they the said Trustees shall thereupon order the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury to be paid to the said Owners or other Persons interested, according to the Verdict or Inquisition of such Jury; and such Verdict or Inquisition, and Judgment, Order, and Determination thereon, shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, against all Parties and Persons whomsoever claiming or to claim any Estate in Possession, Reversion, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well absent as present, Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, Idiots, and Persons under any other Disability whatsoever. Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Tail, as well as all and every Person and Persons whom-Trustees to soever; and for summoning and returning such Juries, the said issue War- Trustees within their respective Districts are hereby empowered to Sheriirto*16 *ssue ^ie‘r Warrant or Warrants in Writing, signed by any Five or impannel more of them, to the Sheriff of the County wherein such Houses, Juries. Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Premises do lie, commanding him to impannel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-tour Persons qualified to serve upon Juries, to appear before such Trustees at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or

Warrants

819

1 GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii.

Warrants shall be appointed; and such Sheriff or his Deputy or Deputies is and are hereby required to impannel, summon and return such Number of Persons accordingly, and out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Trustees shall and are hereby empowered and required to swear or cause to be sworn Twelve Men, who shall be a Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff or his Deputy or Deputies shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be speedily procured to attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve; and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them acting in the Premises, shall have Power from Time to Time to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines upon such Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiff or Bailiffs, Agent or Agents, making default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons that shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and who without sufficient Excuse shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or being sworn shall refuse to give or shall not give their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and on any of the Person who, being required to give Evidence before the said Jury, shall, without sufficient Excuse) reffise or neglect to appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn and examined, or to give Evidence, so that no one Fine be more than Ten Pounds on any such Sheriff, Deputy, Bailiff or Agent, nor more than Five Pounds or any other Person for one Offence.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury or Juries to be summoned and sworn pursuant to the Directions and Authority of this Act, shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money as a Recompence or Satisfaction for the Right, Interest, or Property of any Person or Persons in any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Premises, or for any Loss or Damage to be by him, her, or them sustained, than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees before the summoning or returning the said Jury or Juries, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or for any Loss or Damage as aforesaid, then and in such Case the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining of such Difference, snail be borne and paid by the Treasurer to the said Trustees out of any Money which shall then be in his Hands, or out of any Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, within or for the same District where such Difference shall happen; but if any such Jury or Juries so summoned and sworn as aforesaid, shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more or for less Money than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, before the summoning and returning of the said Jury or Juries, as a Recompence and Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest or Property in any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments or Premises, or Losses or Damages as aforesaid, then the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, and

Trustees may impose

Sheriffs, and on Jury and Witnesses making default.

The Fines.

How the Expences of the Jury and Witnesses are to be borne.

820 I8 GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii.

all other Expences as aforesaid, shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute; which said Costs and Expences, having been ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Cause of Dispute shall arise, not interested in the Matter in question (who is hereby required to examine and settle the same), shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged; or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the same or any Part thereof shall exceed such Damages, and shall not be paid upon Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the said Trustees, by the Ways and Means herein-after Absentees provided for the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures: Provided not liable to always, that in all Cases where any Person or Persons shall by reason pay xpen- Absence have been prevented from treating, such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees in Manner aforesaid.

Money as-

LXV. And be it further enacted, That every Sum of Money or Lands &c Recompence to be agreed for or assessed as aforesaid, shall be paid

how to be out of any Monies in the Hands of the said Trustees, or out of the

charged and Tolls by this Act granted, or out of the Monies to be borrowed on tendered. the Credit thereof, for the respective District or Districts wherein such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Premises so as aforesaid to be purchased or taken for the Purposes of this Act, shall lie, to the Party or Parties, or Person or Persons respectively entitled thereto, or to their Agents, or into the Bank of England, in Manner by this Act directed (as the Case may be); and upon such Payment to such Parties or Persons, or their Agents, or into the Bank of England, and after Thirty Days Notice thereof

given to such Parties or Persons, or to their Agents, or left at their respective usual Places of Abode, or with the Tenant or Tenants in Possession of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, then such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises respectively, shall and may be taken and used for the Purposes of this Act; and such Lands, and the Site of such Houses, Buildings, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, shall be laid into and made Part of the said Roads, in such Manner as the Trustees of the same Districts respectively shall direct, and shall be by them, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, sufficiently chained, ditched, fenced, and set out for that Purpose, and shall to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever become and be deemed and taken to be a common Highway, and be from thenceforth Part of' the said Roads for ever thereafter; and the said Roads shall be repaired and kept in Repair by the said Trustees of the same District or Districts, by the same Ways and Means as any other Highway is or ought by Law to be kept in Repair; and all Parties and Persons whomsoever shall be divested of all Right and Title to such Lands and Hereditaments; and after such new Road shall be 5 completed,

821

1" GEORGII IV. CV.xxxii.

completed, the Lands or Ground constituting any former Roads or Road, or so much and such Part or Parts thereof as in the Judgment of the Trustees of the District may thereby become useless or unnecessary, shall or may be stopped up and discontinued as public Highways, (unless leading over some Moor, Heath, Common, uncul- Old Roads tivated Land or Waste Ground, or to some Church, Mill, Village, n, ay b Town, or Place, Lands or Tenements to which such new Road or ^iiTSow"* Roads doth not or do not immediately lead, and which may therefore be deemed proper to be kept open either as a public or private Way or Ways, for the Use of any Inhabitants at large, or any Individual or Individuals), and shall be vested in and shall and may be sold and conveyed by the said Trustees of the same District or Districts respectively, in the Manner herein-after mentioned, for the best Price that can be gotten for the same; and the Money arising by such Sale shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act; and all Conveyances being executed by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, and mrolied in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the County wherein such Road shall be situate, shall be good and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; or it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, instead of making such Sale as aforesaid, to give up to the Owners or Proprietors of any adjoining Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, whose Buildings, Land, or Ground shall be had or taken for the Purposes of this Act, any Part or Parts of the present or old Roads, in lieu and in exchange for the same, in such Way and Manner as such Trustees and Owners or Proprietors shall agree upon and think fit.

LXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said men any Trustees within their respective Districts, before they shall sell and Parts of the dispose of any Piece or Pieces of Ground, not wanted for the Purposes of this Act as aforesaid, to any other Person or Persons, shall sold, the first offer the same to the Person or Persons of whom the same shall first Offer to have been purchased; or in case such Ground shall be a Piece or be.niade to Pieces of old Road, to the Person or Persons whose Lands shall adjoin thereto; and if such Person or Persons respectively shall then Owners? and thereupon refuse, or shall not agree (except with respect to or on account of the Price thereof), to purchase the same respectively, an Affidavit to be made and sworn before a Master or Master Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such Ground is situate, (who are hereby respectively empowered to take such Affidavit) by some Person or Persons no way interested in the said Piece or Pieces of Ground, stating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of such Trustees, and that such Offer was then and thereupon refused, or was not agreed to by the Person or Persons to whom the same was made, shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made, and was refused or not agreed to by the Person or Persons to whom such Offer was made (as the Case may be); and in case such Person or Persons shall be desirous of purchasing such Piece or Pieces of Ground, and he, she, or they and the said Trustees shall differ or not agree with respect to the Price thereof, then the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury in Manner in this Act directed with respect [Local] 9T to

822 1° GEORGII IV. Cap.tk&i.

to disputed Value of Premises to be taken and used in pursuance of this Act; and the Expence of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in Manner herein-before directed with respect to such Purchases made by the said Trustees, mutatis mutandis; and the Money to arise by the Sale or Sales of such Pieces or Parcels of Ground, shall be applied by the Trustees to the Purposes of this Act; but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for any Misapplication or Nonapplication of such Money; and the Conveyances of such Piece or Pieces of Ground shall be made to the Purchaser or respective Purchasers thereof, and in such Manner and Form as is herein-before directed with respect to the Conveyances to be made of the Land constituting any Part of the Roads herein-before directed to be sold.

LXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when the Variation and new Line of Road by this Act intended to be made between Malmesbury and Cricklade, in the Second District of Road, shall be made and completed, so as to be fit for the safe and convenient Use of the Public, the Trustees of that District shall be from thenceforth discharged from the Care and Repair of so much and such Part or Parts of the present Road as lies between the said Commencement and Termination of such new Line of Road, and will be thereby become useless or unnecessary to be continued as Turnpike; and such Part of the said present Turnpike Road shall from thenceforth respectively cease to be repaired or repairable under or by virtue of the Powers of this Act, and shall no longer be subject to the Powers or Provisions hereof.

LXVIXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That until the said Variation of Road between Malmesbury and Cricklade shall be completed, the Expence of maintaining and keeping in Repair the Turnpike House and Toll Gates, with their Appurtenances, now erected at Whychurch Marsh, in the Parish of Malmesbury aforesaid, and also such Part of the First and Second Districts of Road as there unite in one, and extend from thence unto the Separation of the said Districts in the Parish of Saint Mary Westport, in the Borough of Malmesbury aforesaid, at the Direction Post there, shall be defrayed and discharged by and out of the Tolls arising from both the said Districts of Road, in equal Shares and Proportions, in the same Way and Manner as they now customarily are repaired and amended.

When the Deviation of Road in the Second District between Malmesbury and Crick-

pleted, the old Road not to be any longer repaired under this Act, but by the Parishes to which it belongs.

Until Variation of Road through Milbourne, &c. is made, the TollHouseat Whychurch Marsh, and united Road through Malmesbury, to be repaired at the joint Expence of the First and Second Dis-

Certain

LXIX. And whereas the Trustees of the Second District of

Lanes under Road, in pursuance of the Power and Authority for that Purpose the former given them by or under the said former Act hereby repealed, have Act stopped stopped Up and discontinued, as Roads or Highways, certain Lands tinue°so°n" therein particularly described, and commonly called or known by the several Names of The Green Lane, Quabwell Lane, Backbridge Lane, The Foss Lane or Way, Newnton Lane, and Underbridge Lane: And whereas, for the Purposes of this Act, it is expedient that the said Lanes should continue to be stopped up; be it therefore enacted, That the several Lanes or Ways herein-before last mentioned 2 to

V GEORGII IV. C«j9.xxxii. 823

to have been so as aforesaid stopped up by or under the Authority of the said former Act hereby repealed, shall from Time to Time, and at all Times for ever hereafter be and remain stopped up and discontinued as public Highways; and it shall also be lawful for the said Trustees of the said First District of Road, by and with the Consent in Writing of any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Wilts, to shut up, stop, and discontinue as a public Road, a certain Bye-way or Lane called The Watery Lane, now leading from and out of the additional Branch of Road, by the Trustees of the said First District by this Act authorized and intended to be made Turnpike, into the Village of Ilulla-vington aforesaid: Provided nevertheless, that all such Persons who of accustomed Right have had the Use of the said Lanes, or any of them, as a Private Way or Ways to and from any their Grounds or Fields, shall and may, for that Purpose, only continue to use and enjoy the same in such and the like Manner as they now commonly do and have heretofore done.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be Application paid or agreed or awarded to be paid for the Purchase of any Lands, of Compensa-Houses, Buildings, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises to be t‘cm Monies purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, which shall belong to aiiy Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Tenant for amounting to Life or in Tail, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, 2001. Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee for or on Behalf of any Infant, Idiot, Lunatic, Feme Covert, or other Cestuique Trust, or to any Person or Persons whose Lands, Houses, Buildings, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, are limited in strict or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way by the Pei »on or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Houses, Buildings, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or in or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or other Incum. brances affecting the same Lands, Houses, Buildings, Tenements* Hereditaments, and Premises, standing settled therewith to the same or the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, or Purposes, as the said High Court of Chancery shall authorize to be purchased or paid, or such Part thereof as shall be necessary; or where such Money shall not be 80 applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under and with the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Houses, Buildings, Tenements, Hereditaments and Pre* mises, which shall be conveyed, limited, and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Houses, Buildings, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid

stood

I

824 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii.

Stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making-such Conveyance or Settlement shall be existing undetermined, or capable of taking Effect; and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said High Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends or Interest, and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Houses, Buildings, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises so to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement was made.

Wl-re less

LXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any andamount- M°ney so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Houses, ing to 201. Buildings, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises to be purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less then the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or amount to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Houses, Buildings, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Commitees, in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, Lunacy, or other Incapacity, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be applied, at the like Option, to Two or more Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the Trustees for executing this Act, within the District or Districts wherein such Lands, Houses, Buildings, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises so as aforesaid by then respectively purchased, had, or taken, shall lie or be situate, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends and Produce arising thereon and therefrom, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case shall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said High Court of Chancery.

LXXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next herein-before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits

of

Where under 201.

825

r GEORGII IV. Gzp.xxxii.

of the Lands, Houses, Buildings Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the Trustees for the same District or Districts respectively shall think fit; or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, Lunacy, or other Incapacity, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Commitees, Trustee or Trustees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons respectively entitled thereto.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That incase the Person or in case of Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Houses, Buildings, Tenements, Here- /Sr* ditaments and Premises, to be purchased, taken, or used under or by persons can-virtue of the Powers of this Act, shall refuse to accept the same, or not be found, shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfac- Purchase tion of the Trustees of the District or Districts respectively wherein p^so the the same shall be; or in case the Person or Persons to whom such Bank, subject Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be to the Order found; or if the Person or Persons entitled to any such Lands, Houses, °[chanced Buildings, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises, be not knowrn or °n Motio^or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the Petition, said Trustees to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery to be placed to his Account there, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Houses, Buildings, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises [describing them]], subject to the Order Controul, and Disposition of the said High Court of Chancery; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title, or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying therein for what and for whose Use the same is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank of England as aforesaid.

LXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where in case of any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any disputed Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with Titles, the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Houses,

Buildings, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises, or of any Estate,

Right, Title, or Interest in any Lands, Houses, Buildings, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises to be purchased in pursuance of this Act for the Purposes aforesaid, or to any Bank Annuities to be [Xoca/, 3 9 Z purchased

826 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii.

purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of any such Lands, Houses, Buildings, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Houses, Buildings, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said High Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Houses, Buildings, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

LXXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Houses, Buildings, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, to be purchased, taken, or used under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the High Court of Chancery, and be applied in the Purchase of any other Lands, Houses, Buildings, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said High Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as to the said Court shall seem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the Trustees of the District or respective Districts for the Use of which such Lands, Houses, Buildings, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises respectively shall be so as aforesaid purchased, had, or taken out of the Monies to be received by such Trustees of such respective Districts by virtue of this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

Court may order reasonable Expences to be paid by the Trus-

Power to get

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Materials. Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees within their respective Districts, and all such Persons as he or they shall appoint, to search for, dig, get, gather, take, and carry away any Materials for making or repairing the said Roads, or building, rebuilding, or repairing any present or future Toll House or Toll Houses on or by the Sides thereof, or any Bridge or Bridges thereon, out of any common River or Brook, or out of or from any Waste or Common in any Parish, Hamlet, or Place in which any Part of the said Road lies, or in any adjoining Parish, Hamlet, or Place, and to haul and carry away any such Materials when got, over any Common or Waste Lands, without paying any thing for such Materials, and without being deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, filling up the Pits or Quarries, 2 levelling

827

R GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii.

levelling the Grounds, or sloping down the Banks wherefrom such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing-off such Pits or Quarries, so that the same shall not be dangerous to any Persons or Cattle, and paying or tendering for the Damage done by going through and over any inclosed Lands or Grounds for or with such Materials, such Damages to be ascertained as herein-after mentioned; and also that it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint, to search for, dig, get, gather, take, and carry away any such Materials, in or out of the Land of any Person or Persons where the same may be had or found, in any Parish, Township, or Place in which any Part of the said Roads shall lie or be situate, or in any adjoining Parish, Township, or Place (not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to any House, or any Piece of Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees), making or tendering such Satisfaction for such Materials and for the Damages done to the Owners or Occupiers of the Lands where and from whence the same shall be dug, gathered, and carried away, or over which the same shall be carried, as the said Trustees within their respective Districts shall judge reasonable; and also to land on and carry through or over any Inclosed Lands or Grounds (not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a House), or on, through, or over any open Land or Common, any Stone or other Materials for making or repairing the said Roads, or for building or repairing any present or future Toll House or Toll Houses on or by the Sides thereof, from any River, Stream, or Canal in any Parish, Hamlet, or Place in which any Part of the said Road lies, or in any adjoining Parish, Hamlet, or Place, paying or tendering for the Damage done in landing on or going through or over any Inclosed Lands or Grounds, for or with such Materials, such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trustees of the said respective Districts where such Materials shall be so landed or carried shall judge reasonable; and in case of any Difference between such Trustees, Surveyors, or other Persons appointed or employed as aforesaid, and the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, or any of them, concerning such Payments and Damages as aforesaid, any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County wherein the Place from whence such Materials shall have been taken shall be situate, on Ten Days Notice thereof being given in Writing by either Party to the other, shall hear, settle, and determine the Matter of such Payments and Damages, and the Costs attending the hearing and determining the same.

LXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Surveyor or any other Person or Persons acting under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, get, take, or carry away any Materials for making or repairing any of the said Roads, out of or from any Inclosed Land or Ground, until Notice in Writing signed by the Surveyor of the District shall have been given to the Owner or Owners of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or his or her known Agent, or to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left at the House or last or usual Place of Abode of such Owner or Occupier, to appear before any Two Justices of the Peace acti ng

in.

Notice to be given before Materials taken from private Lands.

828 1° GEORGII IV. Ca^.xxxii.

in and for the County where the Lands from whence such Materials are intended to be taken shall lie, to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be had therefrom; and in case such Owner, Agent, or Occupier shall attend pursuant to such Notice, but shall not shew sufficient Cause to the contrary, such Justices shall, if they think proper, authorize such Surveyor or other Person to dig, get, gather, take, and carry away such Materials at such Time or Times as to such Justices shall seem proper; and if such Owner, Agent, or Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or herself, or his or her Agent, such Justices shall and may (upon Proof on Oath of the Service of such Notice, and which Oath they are hereby empowered to administer), make such Order therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Owner or Occupier or his or her Agent had attended.

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, within their respective Districts, to contract and agree with any Person or Persons whomsoever, for the Purchase or Demise from him, her, or them, of and to hold any Land or Ground, for the Purpose of digging Stone and Materials therefrom, for the Repairs or Use of the said Roads, or either of them, or any Part thereof respectively, and at any Time afterwards to sell the Land or Ground so purchased, by public Auction or Tender: Provided always nevertheless, that the entering into any such Contract or Agreement as last aforesaid, shall not be compulsory against any Person or Persons unwilling to enter into the same: Provided also, that the said Trustees shall not hold at any one Time or Period, a greater Quantity of such Land or Ground in the whole than Three Acres for each of the Divisions or Districts aforesaid.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whom-

MatefialT^ soever ta^e away any Materials which shall be dug, gotten, or raised by gathered for the Repair or Use of the said Roads, or shall raise or

Surveyors. carry away any Materials out oft or otherwise interfere with or obstruct the working of any Pit or Quarry which shall have been made or opened for the Purpose of getting Materials for making or repairing the said Roads, or any other the Purposes of this Act, before the said Surveyors or their Workmen shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Three Calendar Months (except the Owner or Occupier of the Land in which such Pit or Quarry shall be made, as to Materials for his own private Use only, and not for or on Sale), every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

No Flood-

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, after Gates or Ob- the passing of this Act, erect or place any Sluice, Dam, Floodgate, Water-"8 or ot^er Obstruction in any Brook or Watercourse, whereby or by courses to be Means whereof the said Roads or any Part thereof shall be flooded, made so as damaged, or injured, or rendered unsafe, or shall make, lay or open to injure the any Ditch, Drain-pipe, or Watercourse into the said Roads or any oa s’of them, or shall deepen or widen any Ditch, Drain-pipe, or Watercourse already made, into or on the Sides of the said Roads or any of them, or shall inclose or take in any Ditch, Drain-pipe, or Watercourse

contract for Land to get Materials.

Penalty on

829

T GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii.

course lying on the Outside of his, her, or their Paling, Hedges, or other Fences, or take, remove, or carry away any Stone, Sand, Drift, Mud, Dirt, or Scrapings from off the said Roads or either of them, or from off the Sides thereof, or from any Place or Places where the same shall have been laid or deposited by the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons employed by them, or shall dig up, take, or carry away any of the Turf, Sod, or Soil, being on the Side or Sides of any of the said Roads, within the Distance of Fifteen Feet from the Centre of the said Roads, without Licence or Consent in Writing for that Purpose first had and obtained from the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, within their respective Districts, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the Surveyor to the said Trustees for such District or Districts respectively, and the several Workmen to be employed by him, to give Ten Days Notice thereof to the Owner or Occupier, or Owners of Occupiers of such Sluice, Dam, Floodgate, or other Obstruction, to take down and remove such Sluice, Dam, Floodgate, or other Obstruction, and also to stop, fill up, and destroy all and every such Ditches, Drains, Pipes, and Watercourses, and to pull down and remove the Buildings, Walls, Paling, or other Fences so inclosing such Ditches, Drains, Pipes, or Watercourses; and in case the same shall not be taken down or removed at the Expiration of the said Ten Days, then it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to take down or remove the same at the reasonable Costs and Expences of such Owner or Owners, or Occupier or Occupiers; and in case the said Owner or Owners, or Occupier or Occupiers, shall refuse or neglect for the Space of Five Days to pay such Costs and Expences, then such Costs and Expences shall and may be levied and recovered by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and sold; and the Person erecting such Sluice, Dam, Floodgate, or other Obstruction, or making, opening, deepening, widening, or inclosing such Ditch, Drain, Pipe, or Watercourse, or taking, removing, or carrying away such Stone, Sand, Drift, Mud, Dirt, or Scrapings, or digging up, taking or carrying away any such Turf, Sod, or Soil, without such Licence or Consent as aforesaid, or causing or procuring the same so to be done, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay to the said Trustees any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, over and above the Costs and Charges of taking up and removing such Sluice, Dam, Floodgate or other Obstruction, or filling up such Ditch, Drain, Pipe, or Watercourse, or pulling down or removing such Buildings, Walls, or other Fences as aforesaid, and the Value of such Road Scrapings.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, from and after the passing of this Act, encroach upon the said Roads, by making or causing to be made any Dwelling House or other Building, Hedge, Ditch, or other Fence (except Turnpike Houses or other Buildings erected by Order of the said Trustees), every Person so \_Local~] 10 A offending

nor any Person to take Stone, Sand, Drift or Scrapings off the Hoads without Licence.

Penalty for erecting Encroachments on the Side of the Roads.

830 1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii.

offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds to such Person as shall give Information of the sgme; and it shall and may be lawful for any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace in and for the County or Place where the Premises shall be situate, upon Proof thereof to him or them tnade upon Oath (which Oath any such Justice is hereby empowered to administer), to levy as well the Expences of taking down such Dwelling Houses, Buildings, Hedges and Fences, and filling up of the Ditches aforesaid, as the Penalty hereby imposed, by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners on Demand.

Gatestoopen

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Door or Gate of or inwards. to any Building, Yard, Park, Paddock, Field, or Inclosure whatsoever, shall hereafter be made to open into or towards any Part of the said Roads or Footpaths belonging thereto, or be suffered to continue so to open, except the Hanging Post thereof shall be Thirty Feet at least from the Centre of any such Part of the said Roads; and the Occupier or Occupiers of every such Building, Yard, Park, Paddock, Field, or Inclosure having any Door or Gate opening outwards contrary to the Meaning of this Act, shall within Twenty-one Days after Notice to him, her, or them given, either personally or in Writing *, from the Surveyor of the said Roads, cause such Door or Gate to be hung so that the same shall not open outwards or swing towards the said Roads (whenever the same shall be practicable), but in every Case in such a Manner as that no Part of the Door or Gate, when open, shall project over any Part of the said Roads or any Footpath belonging thereto; and in default thereof, the Surveyor of the said Roads is hereby authorized to cause the Door or Gate to be hung according to the Directions of this Act; and the Person or Persons guilty of such Neglect or Default shall, upon Complaint made to any Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County or Place where such Neglect shall happen, and upon Conviction upon the Oath of one credible Witness, pay to such Surveyor such Sum as the said Justice or Justices shall direct, to defray the Expence of making the Alteration and hanging such Doors or Gates, and shall also forfeit and pay a further Sum of Money not exceeding Forty Shillings for his, her, or their Neglect therein, to be fixed by and at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be made.

For removing

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the other Annoy- said Trustees within their respective Districts, or their Surveyor or Nuisances Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as they or he shall appoint, uisances. from rfime to Time to remove and prevent all Annoyances by Timber, Stone, Carriages, Hovels, Lime, Mortar, Filth, Dung, Ashes, Rubbish, Straw, or other Things being laid on any Part of the said Roads within their respective Districts, or upon open Common or Waste Land within Thirty Feet of the Centre thereof and to dispose of the same for the Benefit of the said Roads respectively, in case the Owners thereof shall neglect to remove the same for the Space of Three Days after Notice in Writing, signed by the Surveyor of such District, given to such Owners for that Purpose, or in case the

Owners

1* GEORGI! IV. Cap. xxxii. 831

Owners are not known, after a like Notice affixed for Seven Days on the nearest Turnpike Gate; and to turn any Watercourses, Sinks, or Drains running along, into, or out of the said Roads to the Prejudice thereof, and to open* scour, cleanse, widen, or make deeper any Watercourses or Ditches adjoining or near thereto, and to make the same as deep and large as he or they shall think necessary; and at proper Seasons of the Year to cut down or lop any Branches,

Shrubs, or Bushes growing on or over the said Roads, or in the Hedges or Banks adjacent thereto respectively (not being a Garden,

Orchard, Plantation, Walk or Avenue to a House, or any Trees being an Ornament or Shelter to a House), and to take and carry away the same, and to cut and reduce all such Hedges to the Height of Four Feet, in case the Owners or Occupiers of the Premises shall for the Space of Fourteen Days next after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose by such Surveyor or Surveyors, neglect to lop, cut down, or remove such Branches, Shrubs, Or Bushes, or to open, scour, cleanse, widen or deepen such Watercourses or Ditches, or remove such other Annoyances in such Manner as the said Trustees or their said Surveyor or Surveyors shall require; the Charges whereof, to be settled by any Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County or Place where the same shall happen, shall be reimbursed to such Surveyor or Surveyors by such Owners or Occupiers, and be recovered and applied in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act are herein-after directed to be recovered and applied j and if after the Removal of any of the said Annoyances, any Person shall again offend in like Manner, every Such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if*any Horse, Ass, Sheep, Surveyors to Swine, or other Beast or Cattle of any Kind, shall at any Time be found impound wandering, straying, or lying about the said Roads, or any Part thereof, or by the Sides thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the th^oadv Surveyors of the Trustees for the Time being within their respective Districts, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, to seize and impound every such Horse, Ass, Sheep, Swine, or other Beast or Cattle in the Common Pound of the Hundred, Parish, Township,

Tything, or Place where the same shall be, or in such other Place as the said Trustees shall appoint, and the same there to detain until the Owner or Owners thereof shall for every and each Horse, Ass,

Sheep, Swine, or other Beast or Cattle so impounded, pay the Sutti of One Shilling to the Person impounding the same, together with the reasonable Charges and Expences of impounding and keeping the same j and in ease the said Penalty, Charges, and Expence shall not be paid within Four Days next after such impounding, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to sell or cause to be sold every such Horse, Ass, Sheep, Swine or other Beast or Cattle; and the Money arising from such Sale, after deducting the said J Penalty and Charges, and Expences of impounding, keeping, and selling every such Horse, Ass, Sheep, Swine or other Beast or Cattle, shall be paid to the Person, whose Property the same so sold shall appear to have been, on Demand.

832

make Cause-Bridges, &c.

Mile Stones and Direction Posts t be erected.

Penalty on damaging them.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii.

LXXXy, And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, and such Persons as they shall appoint, by Order of the Trustees in their said respective Districts, to make and keep in Repair, or cause to be made and kept in Repair, any Causeway or Causeways, for the Use of Foot Passengers, in, upon, or on the Sides of the said Roads, in such Manner as they shall think proper, and to erect, rebuild, and keep in Repair all Bridges, Culverts, and Arches upon the said Roads, or across any of the Ditches, Watercourses, or Drains, where necessary; and also to make or cause to be made a Road through the Grounds adjoining to any ruinous or narrow Part of the said Roads (not being the Site or Ground whereon any House or Houses stand, nor being a Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to any House, or any inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees), to be made use of by all Passengers, Cattle, and Carriages, as a public Highway whilst the old Road, Bridge, Culvert, or Arch is new-builcling, making, repairing, or widening, and till such Time as it shall be convenient for Passengers and Carriages to pass along the same, making such Recompence to the Owners and Occupiers of such Private Grounds respectively, for the Damages they shall or may thereby sustain, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the Trustees of the same District or Districts respectively; and in case of any Difference concerning such Damages between such Owners or Occupiers and such Trustees, that then it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County wherein such Grounds shall be situate, on Six Days Notice in Writing being given by either Party to the other, to settle, adjudge, and determine what Recompence shall be made to such Owners and Occupiers for the Damages they shall have sustained as aforesaid.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees of the said several Districts of Road hereby made or continued or intended to be made Turnpike, shall cause the Roads and Branches of Road within the same respectively to be measured, and Stones or Posts to be set up or placed in or near the Sides thereof, at the Distance of One Mile from each other, denoting the Distance of any and every such Stone or Post from any Town or Place; and also such Direction Posts at the several Roads leading out of the said Roads hereby made or to be made Turnpike, or at any Crossings, Turnings, or Terminations thereof, with such Inscriptions thereon, denoting to what Place or Places the said Roads respectively lead, of such Height or Size, and to be erected in such Situations as they the said Trustees of the same Districts respectively shall think proper; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, cut down, pull up, or damage any such Post or Stone, or shall obliterate, deface, spoil, or destroy all or any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks which shall be inscribed or painted thereon, and be thereof convicted before any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where such Stones or Posts shall be so as aforesaid erected, by the Confession of the Party, or by the Oath of One credible Witness, such Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every s uch Offence.

5

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii. 833

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Statute Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards the repairing and amending of any Highway in the several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Tythings, or Places through which the Roads by this Act continued Turnpike, or directed to be made, amended, widened, diverted, turned, shortened, varied, altered, improved, and kept in Repair, do or shall pass, shall be and remain liable to the Repair of the said Roads so continued turnpike, or to be made, amended, widened, diverted, turned, shortened, varied, altered, improved, and kept in Repair by or under the Authority of this Act, and to perform their respective Work thereon, and to pay their respective Portions of Composition Money towards the same, in such and the like Manner in every respect as they now are or have been heretofore liable to the Repair of the same, or any other Common Highway within such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Tything, or Place respectively; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Jus- Justices to tices of the Peace in and for the County or Place wherein the said apportion Roads respectively lie, and they are hereby required and empowered, Statute1 La-upon Application made to them by the Trustees for or over the same hour a.id Roads, and within their respective Districts, or by their Treasurer, Payment of Clerk, or Surveyor, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Composition Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the A oney* said respective Districts of Road, by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Tythings, and Places in or through which the said Roads respectively, or any of them, do or shall lie, lead, or pass, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees or their Treasurer or Treasurers of such Districts respectively; and in order thereunto, it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place, to bring Lists before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, within Six Days after the serving of such Summons, of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repairs of the Public Highways; and out of such Lists the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads, as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Time (not being Hay- time or Harvest), and on such Parts of the said Eoads as the said Trustees within their respective Districts, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, or appoint; and the said Justices shall and may order and direct the Persons who by such Lists shall be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in [^I.ocal. 1 10 B lieu

834

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii.

lieu of or as a Composition for the Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the Surveyor or Surveyors of such Parishes, Townships, and Places respectively, to be by him or them paid over to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and in default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute now in force or effect for Repair of the Public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on any Part of the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person who shall be so found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said Trustees for the respective District or Districts of Road wherein such Neglect or Default shall happen, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give any such Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false and imperfect Lists, or shall refuse or neglect to collect or pay over such Composition Money or any Part thereof in Manner aforesaid, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Trustees

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for may com- the said Trustees within their respective Districts to compound and Statute^ agree with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for

Work. the Repairs or Statute Work to be by him, her, or them done on the said Roads, or any Part thereof, and also with the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the Parishes, Townships, Tythings, or Places in which the said Roads do or shall lie and be situate, for a certain Sum of Money, by the Year or otherwise, as the Trustees within their respective Districts shall think reasonable, in lieu of the whole or any Part of the Statute Work or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Roads;

which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Parish or Place, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer of the

9

Trustees

835

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii.

Trustees within or for such District or Districts respectively in advance, on or before the Twenty-ninth Dav of September in each and every Year, or otherwise such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Inhabitants and Occupiers within such Parish or Place, shall not be permitted to compound for that Year, and all such Composition Money shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act; and that every such Surveyor of the Highways who shall pay any such Composition Money shall be reimbursed the same, in like manner as Surveyors of the Highways are by the Laws in being to be reimbursed the Money by them laid out and expended in buying Materials for the repairing of any other Highway or Highways.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That where any particular County Part or Parts of the said Roads hereby continued or intended to be Bridges to be made Turnpike, or any Bridge, Causeway, Arch, Drock, Drain, or heretofore. Sewer, being in, upon, across, or over the same, have or hath been accustomed, or ought to be repaired and maintained by any County,

Hundred, Town, Parish, Hamlet, Tything, or Place, or by any individual or particular Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, by reason of the Tenure of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or otherwise howsoever, every such Part of the said Roads, and every such Bridge, Causeway, Arch, Drock, Drain or Sewer, shall from Time to Time be maintained and kept in Repair by such County, Hundred, Town, Parish, Hamlet, Tything, or Place, Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, and in such Manner as the same respectively were or ought to have been maintained and kept in Repair before the passing of this Act.

XC. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees within Trustees may their respective Districts, or such Person or Persons as they contract for shall for that Purpose authorize, delegate, or appoint, are hereby Repairs, empowered to contract and agree with any Person or Persons, for amending, diverting, varying, altering, widening, making, improving, maintaining, and keeping in Repair the said Roads, or any Part thereof, for erecting Mile and Direction Stones or Posts thereon, the Building of Turnpike Houses, making of Pences, raising Materials, or for doing any other Work to be performed or necessary to be done in the Execution of this Act, in such Manner and for such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trustees shall think proper; and that all Contracts and Agreements entered into by them the said Trustees, or by their respective Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer, in pursuance of their Order, with any Workmen or other Person or Persons, relating to any Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of this Act, shall be binding upon all such Parties or Persons making the same, his, her, and their Executors or Administrators; and that Actions and Suita shall and may be maintained thereon, and Damages and Costs recovered against the Party or Person, Parties or Persons, failing in the Performance of such Contracts or Agreements respectively; and such Sum of Money as shall or may be requisite for making or repairing the said Roads, or any other Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of this Act, and which by such Contracts or Agreements respectively the Parties ought to have done, shall be the Measure of the Damages to be recovered in any such Action or Suit against any

836

Penalty on Persons committing Nuisances.

1° GEORGII IV. Cajo.xxxii.

any such Party or Person, Parties or Persons so as aforesaid making Default in fulfilling his, her, or their Contract or Agreement; any Law or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall ride upon any Footpath or Causeway by the Side of any of the said Roads, made or set apart for the Use or Accommodation of Foot Passengers; or shall lead or drive any Horse, Ass, Mule, Swine, or Cattle, or Carriage of any Description, upon any such Footpath or Causeway; or shall cause any Injury or Damage to be done to the same, or the Hedges, Posts, Rails, or Fences thereof; or shall wilfully pull down or damage any Bridge, Wall, or any other Building made or erected by any of the said Trustees under the Authority of this Act, or repaired or repairable by them; or shall haul or draw, or cause to be hauled or drawn upon any Part of the said Roads, any Timber, Stone, or other Thing, otherwise than upon wheeled Carriages; or shall sutler any Timber, Stone or other Thing, which shall be carried principally or in part upon wheeled Carriages, to drag or trail upon any Part of the said Roads, to the Prejudice thereof; or shall in or upon any Part of the said Roads, or by the Side or Sides thereof, or in any exposed Situation near thereto, kill, slaughter, singe, scald, burn, dress, or cut up any Beast, Swine, Calf, Lamb, or other Cattle; or shall make or assist in making any Fire or Fires, commonly called Bonfires, or shall set fire to, or wantonly let off or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent, or Firework whatsoever, within Thirty Feet of the Centre of the said Road, or let off or fire any Gun, Pistol, or other Fire-arm (except in Cases of necessary Defence); or shall blow or blast any Rock or Quarry, or bait or run for the Purpose of baiting any Bull, or play at Football, Tennis, Fives, Cricket or any other Game or Games upon the said Roads, or any Part thereof, or on the Side or Sides thereof, or in any exposed Situation near thereto, to the Annoyance of any Passenger or Passengers; or if any Person shall leave any Waggon, Wain or Cart (except in case of Accident) upon any Part of the said Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof, without any proper Person in the sole Custody or Care thereof longer than may be necessary to load or unload the same, or shall not place the same, during the Time of loading or unloading the same, or of taking Refreshment, as near to one Side of the Road as conveniently may be, either with or without any Horse or Beast of Draught harnessed or yoked thereto; or shall lay any Timber, Stone, Hay, Straw, Dung, Manure, Soil, Ashes, Rubbish or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, upon any Part of the said Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof, or the Footpaths or Causeways adjoining, to the Prejudice of such Roads or Footways, or to the Prejudice, Annoyance, Interruption, or personal Danger of any Person or Persons travelling thereon; or shall suffer any Water, Filth, Dirt or other offensive Matter or Thing whatsoever, to run or flow into or upon the said Roads or Footpaths from any House, Building, Erection, Lands or Premises adjacent thereto; or if the respective Surveyors of the said Roads, or any Undertaker or Contractor for the Repairs thereof, or of any Part thereof, or any Person acting by or under his or their Authority, shall lay or cause to be laid upon the said

Roads,

837

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii.

Roads, or the Sides thereof, any Heap of Stones or other Materials for the Repair thereof, or of any Part thereof, and shall permit or suffer the same to remain longer than shall be necessary for spreading or laying such Stones or Materials over or upon the said Roads; or if any Person driving any Pigs or Swine upon the said Roads, shall suffer such Pigs or Swine to root up or damage the said Roads or any Part thereof, or the Fences, Hedges, Banks, or Copse, on either Side thereof respectively; or if any Person shall, after having blocked or stopped any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage in going up a Hill or rising Ground, cause or suffer to be or remain on the said Roads, or any Part thereof the Stone or other Thing with which such Cart or other Carriage shall have been blocked or stopped; or if the Driver of any Waggon, Cart, Dray, Sledge, or other Carriage used for the carrying of Goods and Merchandize, shall ride on the Shafts or any other Part of such Waggon, Cart,

Dray, Sledge, or other Carriage, or on any of the Horses drawing the same upon any Part of the said Roads, without having some proper Person immediately on the Side of and attending to guide such Horses or Beasts of Draught thereof; and if any such Person, meeting another Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, shall not keep his or her Carriage on the Left or Near Side of the said Roads, or if any Person shall in any Manner wilfully prevent any other Person or Persons from passing him or her, or any Coach, Chaise,

Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage under his or her Care, upon the said Roads, every Person offending in any of the Cases aforesaid shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings over and above such Damages occasioned thereby, or Punishments, as such Party or Person so offending may be otherwise subject or liable to by Law.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Recovery of Fines by this Act inflicted or authorized to be imposed (the Manner pen^lt, es antl of levying, recovering, and applying whereof is not herein otherwise °rei ures' directed), shall upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where the Offence shall have been committed (as the Case may require) either by the Confession of the Party offending, or by the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is in every such Case hereby fully authorized to administer), be levied, together with the Costs attending the Information and Conviction, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to grant); and the Overplus (if any) after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted, shall be returned, upon Demand, unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and in case such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid upon Conviction, then it shall be lawful for such Justice to order the Offender or Offenders so convicted to be detained and kept in safe Custody until Return can be conveniently made to such Warrant of Distress, unless the Offender or Offenders shall give sufficient Security, to the Satisfaction of such Justice, for his or their Appearance before such Justice on such Day or Days as shall be appointed [Local.] 10 C for

838

If Penalties, &c. canuotbe levied, the Offenders to be committed for any Time not exceeding Three Months.

Application of them.

For securing

transient

Offenders.

Justices may mitigate Penalties;

and they or the Trustees may reward Informers or Witnesses.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii.

for the Return of such Warrant of Distress, such Day or Days hot being more than Fourteen Days from the Time of taking any such Security, and which Security the said Justice is hereby empowered to take, by way of Recognizance or otherwise; but if upon the Return of such Warrant it shall appear that no sufficient Distress can be had thereupon, then it shall be lawful for any such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County or Place where the Offender shall be or reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Tune not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and all reasonable Charges attending ths same, shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and the Monies arising by such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines respectively, when paid or levied, if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act, shall be from Time to Time paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees of the said Districts of Road respectively, wherein the same shall be incurred, and applied and disposed of for the Purposes of the said Roads and of this Act.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any of the said Trustees, or their Collectors, Lessees, or Farmers of Tolls, Surveyors or other Officers respectively within their respective Districts, and su£h Person or Persons as they or any of them shall call to their Assistance, (and which all By-standers and other Persons, on Demand, are hereby required to give) without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any Person or Persons (being unknown to such Trustees, Collectors, Lessees, Farmers, Surveyors or other Officers) who shall commit any Offence or Offences against this Act, and take him, her, or them before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed, or such Offender or Offenders shall be seized and apprehended, and such Justice and Justices shall and is and are hereby required to proceed and act with respect to such Offender or Offenders according to the Provisions of this Act.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence or Offences against this Act, (if he or they shall so think proper, but not otherwise), to mitigate, lessen, and reduce the Penalty, Forfeiture, or Fine by this Act inflicted, incurred, or authorized to be levied or paid, to any Sum not being less than One Moiety or Half Part of such Penalty, Forfeiture or Fine, as he or they the said Justice or Justices shall in his or their Discretion think fit; and it shall also be lawful for any such Justice or Justices, or for the Trustees within their respective Districts, to reward any Informer or Informers, as he or they shall think proper, so as such Reward does not exceed One Half of the Penalty, Forfeiture, or Fine arising from the Information of such Informer or Informers, and likewise to allow and pay thereout to

839

T GEORGII IV- Cap. xxxii.

any Witness or Witnesses, for his or their Loss of Time, Trouble, or necessary Expences incidental to his or their Attendance upon such Justice or Justices, such Sum or Sums of Money as such Justices or Trustees respectively shall think reasonable.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any clerks to sign Notice or Notices of Meeting of the said Trustees or any of them. Summonses or lor any other the Purposes of this Act, shall be requisite to be given, affixed, or published pursuant to the Directions of this Act, it shall anil may be lawful to and for any Clerk to the said Trustees, within and for their respective Districts of Road for the Time being, to sign and subscribe his Name to all and every or any such Notice or Notices-, and every such Notice so signed by the said Clerk shall be as good and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been signed by the said Trustees of the same District or Districts respectively, or any Number of them; and all Notices of Notices bow Meetings and other Business of the said Trustees, which by this to be given. Act. are required to be publicly announced or promulgated, shall be so announced and given by being affixed the respective Times by this Act directed, at or upon all the Toll Gates which shall be then erected upon and across the several Roads comprized in such District, or respective Districts, in or for which such Notices shall be given; or if it shall be found or deemed to be more convenient, by inserting the same in either a Salisbury, Reading, Oxford,

Gloucester, Bath, or Bristol Newspaper, or in some one public Newspaper usually circulated in the Neighbourhood of or through which the particular District of Road passes; and in such last-mentioned Case such Newspaper Publication (without affixing on the said Gates) shall be sufficient for all Purposes, save and except only as in this Act is or are otherwise directed.

XCVI. And, for the more easy Conviction of Offenders against Forconvict-this Act, be it further enacted, That all and every the Justice or ingOffenders. Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect, as the Case shall happen; (that is to say),

‘ ?BEit remembered. That on the Day of Form of

‘ to wlt- J in the Year of our Lord One thousand Conviction.

' eight hundred and of is convicted

' before of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the

[sVecifying Hie Offence, Time and Place when ' and where the same was committed, as the Case shall be'}. Given 1 under Hand and Seal, the Day and Year first above mentioned. ’

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That no Order made touching or concerning any of the Matters in this Act contained, or any Pro- not to be ceeding to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or quashed for Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed for Want of Form, or be 5ant of removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process lor"’’ whatsoever into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westmin. norDli, c, ster; and that where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or illegal.

Sums

840

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessions.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii.

Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining$ but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage (if any) in an Action upon the Case; but no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any such Action for such Irregularity as aforesaid, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made for or on the Behalf of the Party distraining before such Action brought.

XCVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been already appointed, such Person or Persons may, within Six Calendar Months next after such Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at their next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County or Place in which the Cause of Complaint shall arise (as the Case may be), unless such Complaint shall arise within Thirty Days preceding such Sessions, in which Case such Appeal may be brought at the following Sessions after such Cause shall arise, such Appellant or Appellants first giving or causing to be given Twenty-one Days Notice in Writing of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Clerks of the said Trustees for the District or Districts respectively wherein such Complaint shall have arisen, and within Ten Days after such Notice entering into a sufficient Recognizance before some Justice of the County or Place (as the Case may be) with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal and abide the Order of and pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Sessions; and the said Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Cause and Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Party or Parties appealing or appealed against as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the said Justices may, if they see Cause, by Order of such Sessions, mitigate at their Discretion any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and may also order such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party or Parties so injured as they shall judge reasonable, or vacate or set aside the Conviction or Convictions, and set the Parties at Liberty, or otherwise may ratify or confirm the same, with such Costs as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and the Determination of such Quarter Sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes; and the said Justices may also at such Sessions, by their Order or Warrant, levy such Costs so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons who shall refuse to pay the same, and for Want of sufficient Distress may commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol or House of Correction within 8 the

841

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii.

the County or Place (as the Case may be) wherein the Offence shall be committed, for any Time not exceeding the Term of Six Calendar Months, or until Payment of such Costs.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall Limitation of be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in ctions* pursuance of this Act, until Twenty-one Days Notice thereof shall be given to the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees within their respective Districts, nor after sufficient Satisfaction, or a Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed; and every such Action shall be laid and tried in the County where the Cause of Action shall have arisen, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall or may, at his and their Election, plead specially or the General Issue, and give this Act Generallssue. and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to be so done, or that such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice thereof shall be given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or if such Action shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer,

Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Double Costs, and DoubleCosts. have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any Case by Law.

[Public Act.]

C. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cl. And be it further enacted, That this Act shalfcommence upon The Com-the passing thereof, and shall continue and be in force for Twenty- mencement one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of and Corn??u" Parliament. *nce of this

10 D — E

The

842 1° GEORGII IV. C«p.xxxii.

The SCHEDULE to which this ACT refers.

In Cricklade and Malmesbury, as authorized by the former Act.

Description of Premises. Parish and County where Owners Names. Occupiers Names.

A Messuage and Building, called The > White Horse Inn - J Cricklade, Wilts — — — Godby f Charles Towgood i Baker.

A Messuage or Te- ") nement, being the 1 Corner House of a j Street, called Oxford J Street J Malmesbury, Wilts - Moravian Society f Late — Sutcliffe, now L — Horne.

On the Branch of New Road through Hullavington, additional to the First District.

Description of Premises, j Parish and County where Owners Names. Occupiers Names.

Mr. James Darley Mary Ware Joseph Rivers. In Hand.

- Ditto - Elisha Giles.

Turnpike Road from William Tanner In Hand.

Grittleton to Chris- John Tanner Ditto.

tian Mai ford. > Hullavington, in Wilts. - Ditto - Ditto.

Old Road to Hulla- - Ditto - Caleb Bullock.

vington - J William Chandler, Esq. Mr. William Martin.

Mr. Michael Bryant - In Hand.

Aaron Pinnell - In Hand.

Mr. John Tanner In Hand.

Mr. Ponting Joseph Taylor.

William Chandler, Esq. Mr. William Martin.

- - - Ditto - Joseph Taylor.

- - - Ditto - Joseph Greenmail.

The Down Lane - Ditto - < - Ditto - In Hand.

Honor Stephens Michael Bryant.

William Chandler, Esq. John Milsome.

- - - Ditto - Mr. William Martin.

- - - Ditto - Ditto.

Lord Radnor Mr. William Beak.

- Ditto - Ditto.

Mr. James Iddles Mr. Hand.

- - Ditto - Ditto.

- - Ditto - Ditto.

Corston, in the Pa- Lord Radnor Mr. William Beak.

rish of St. Paul, Mai- - Ditto - Ditto.

mesbury, in Wilts - - Ditto - Ditto.

- Ditto - Charles Fry.

Mr. James Iddles Mr Hand.

- - Ditto Joshua Marsh.

Lord Radnor - Ditto.

Waste -

Turnpike Road to Malmesbury.

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii.

843

On the Variation of Road in the Second District, between Malmesbury and Cricklade.

Description of Premises.

Parish and County where

Charlton, in Wilts

Garsden, in Wilts

Earl of Suffolk

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto -

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto Paul Methuen, Esq.

- Ditto TheRev.Thos.Methuen Paul Methuen, Esq.

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto William Lawrence

- Ditto

- Ditto

Richard Tanner,

James Golding.

Joseph Stump.

Charles Jones.

James Godwin.

The Rev. Dr. Nicholas. James Godwin.

- Ditto.

- Ditto.

Joseph Stump.

Robert Grainger.

- Ditto.

William Woodey. Robert Grainger. William Woodey.

- Ditto.

- Ditto.

- Ditto.

In Hand.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Milborn Street Common

Turnpike Road.

{Milborne, in the Parish of St. Paul, Mal-< mesbury, in Wilts -

Lord Folkstone Mr. Smith - Ditto -James Garlick -Richard Kinnier Esq. -Mr. Smith James Garlick -Lord Radnor -

- Ditto

- Ditto

The Rev Dewell

----Spacknjan

The Rev Dewell

----Spackman J

William Lawrence. In Hand.

Ditto.

Ditto.

----Packer.

In Hand.

Ditto.

John Dash:

Ditto.

Robert Cook.

----Ball.

In Hand.

----Ball.

Robert Cook.

Mary Jones,

John Bennett.

On

844

1° GEORGII IV. Cap. xxxii.

On the Variation of Road in the Second District between Cricklade and Highworth, and the East Side of the Town of Highworth.

Turnpike Road lead-*) ing from Cricklade

Cricklade to I '> - and Cattle- I i at present [

Shed, and a public Bridleroad and private Carriage-

Cottage and Gar-") den, and public Bri- 1 dleroad, and private j Carriageway - -J

Land, and public J Bridleroad - -)

Hannington Lawn Lane, Bridleway - J

Lands

Part of the Parsonage*) Yard and Close, Cart- > house and Cattle Shed J Corner of a Garden

Water Eaton, ir the Parish of Eisey.

Broad Blunsden, in the Parish of High-worth, Wilts -

Bury Blunsden, in the Parish of High-worth, Wilts -

Hannington, Wilts

Hannington, Wilts -

of Highworth, Wilts J Eastrop -

Thos. Jones, Esq.

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

* ---Money, Esq.

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

Common

The Rev. E. Lewis and Wm. Morton > Pleydell, Esq. -J

- Ditto

- Ditto John Fennell

James Crowdy, Junior Ditto The Rev. E. Lewis and W.M.Pleydell.Esq / Ditto

Ambrose Goddard, Esq* The Rev. E. Lewis and W.M.Pleydell, Esq J

Trustees of the Will of James Hussey, Esq.

William Pinnegar. Ditto. Ditto.

- Ditto. Ditto. Ditto.

- Ditto. Ditto.

J. Green.

Ditto.

Ditto.

J. Sadler. Ditto.

Richard Matthews.

- Ditto.

- Ditto.

In Hand.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Richard Matthews.

Ditto.

John Hunter. Richard Matthews.

Henry Edwards. Thomas Hopper.

On the East Side of the Town of Highworth.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1830.

